===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Analog Devices first quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings conference call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and Division Controller of Data Center, Energy, Power. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Daniel, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our first quarter fiscal 2025 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche, and ADI's CFO, Richard Puccio. When you missed the release, you can find it and the link financial schedules at investor.analog.com. Onto disclosures. Information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in earnings release and other periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from this forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only at the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law. Governance to gross margin, operating non-operating expenses, operating margin, tax rate, EPS, and free cash flow in our comments today will be on a non-GAAP basis. These exclude special items. When comparing our results to historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. All references to earnings per share are on a fully diluted basis. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche.
Vincent Roche: Thanks very much, Mike, and a very good morning to you all. First quarter revenue, profitability, and earnings per share all finished above the midpoint of our outlook. And while we continue to operate in a challenging macro and geopolitical environment, our first quarter results and outlook for double-digit year-over-year growth in our second quarter build my confidence that 2025 will be a year of growth. Our track record of resilience and profitability through cycles combined with our strong balance sheet supports our long-standing robust capital return program. I'm delighted to share that we've increased our dividend for the twenty-first consecutive year and that over just the past five years, we have returned more than $16 billion or roughly 15% of our current market cap to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Turning now to our operating environment, the magnitude and duration of this most recent semiconductor cycle has surprised many of us. But we believe ADI has entered and is well-positioned for sustained recovery. Throughout the cycle, we invested diligently to enhance and leverage our hybrid manufacturing model to support the dynamic needs of our customers both big and small. We work closely with our customers to be responsive to their evolving business needs back. Factory starts to true end demand. As a result, inventory levels have largely normalized and our partnership approach with our customers throughout the volatility of the past several years has enabled us to balance supply and real demand. While the macro backdrop will continue to influence the pace of our recovery, the signals we monitor from lean channel inventories to gradual bookings improvements over the past eighteen months support our view that we've passed the cyclical trough and the tide has turned in our favor. Throughout the cycle, we've been busily deepening our customer engagements and accelerating our pipeline growth and conversion. Many of the design wins I've shared on recent calls are now contributing to growth. And let me give you some examples. For example, in industrial automation, the shift towards decentralized intelligence enabling modular manufacturing is driving significant growth in software-defined connectivity solutions. Our software-configurable IO products at double channel density and reduced power consumption by 40% have been installed across all major automation suppliers. Revenue from these wins has begun ramping as the automation market begins to recover and will provide a durable revenue stream over the next decade. Within the growing surgical robotics segment, increasing levels of content from across our portfolio and in particular, our high precision solutions are being deployed in next-generation surgical systems. Additionally, in healthcare, the growing interest in a data-driven approach to health and wellness is creating a convergence of the clinical and consumer markets and driving demand for higher performance vital signs monitoring in consumer wearables. Our suite of high-performance sensors, signal chains, and efficient power solutions and wins at leaders in these markets position us for double-digit growth this year. Within the automatic testing equipment market, the growth of AI has significantly increased our signal chain and power content, in some cases, up to 300% across memory test systems. Customers are leveraging our solutions to increase channel density and throughput while reducing power demands by up to 30%. In light of increased hyperscaler CapEx, we expect our 2025 memory and high-performance compute test revenue to achieve strong growth. In our broad aerospace and defense portfolio, our modules which support ASPs often into the hundreds of thousands of dollars, are expected to lead double-digit growth in this industrial subsector in 2025. In addition, we're anticipating growth this year from newer design wins in RF and power, in the military and commercial satellite sectors. In automotive, the convergence of trends ranging from autonomy to electrification and immersive in-cabin experiences continue to drive robust demand for many of our solutions. For example, our GMSL portfolio is outpacing the growth of advanced driver assistance systems and is positioned to reach yet another record-breaking year in 2025. Since acquiring this video connectivity technology in 2021, our revenue has nearly tripled. We're also anticipating growth in our connectivity and functionally safe power franchises, which share similar growth trajectories. Lastly, in electric vehicles, BMS is poised to return to growth in 2025 after a challenging prior year. Part of this growth is coming from our higher content wireless solution with key OEMs ramping in America and Europe. In communications, our growth is predominantly being driven by robust CapEx investments to support AI infrastructure build-outs. Our high precision electro-optical controller is now shipping in a 1.6 terabit optical module for AI systems based on industry-leading GPUs. On the power side of the data center, we're delivering high voltage power path protection systems which are on a strong growth trajectory, and we'll begin shipping our vertical power solutions later in this year. Finally, in consumer, design wins secured in recent years have multiple customers across numerous including premium handsets, hearables, wearables, and gaming systems, begun to drive robust diversified growth in the second half of fiscal 2024. With even more content in upcoming launches, we expect a strong year ahead and beyond in consumer. Collectively, we anticipate these combined cyclical and idiosyncratic trends to return us to a solid growth path this year. So in closing, the relatively favorable position in which we find ourselves coming out of one of the worst downturns the industry has ever experienced is not by chance but rather a reflection of our fiscal and operational discipline, commitment to the success of our customers, and our investments for the long term. And while I'm excited about our prospects for 2025, I'm even more excited about the longer-term opportunities across numerous concurrent secular growth areas including automation, digital healthcare, electrification, automotive data center, and many, many more. A common request from our customers across our many diversified applications is that we help them tame the increasing complexity by bringing more complete solutions to them. A reflection of our robust technology stack and stellar customer reputation. In stepping up to our customer's challenge, we continue to push the edges by investing vigorously in our world-class analog mixed signal and power portfolios, and integrate higher levels of supporting digital and software into our solutions to meet our customers at the application layer. And so with that, I'd like to pass the call over to Rich.
Richard Puccio: Thank you, Vince, and let me add my welcome to our first quarter earnings call. First quarter revenue of $2.42 billion came in above the midpoint of our outlook for a 1% sequential decrease and a 4% decline year over year. Adjusting for the extra week in our fiscal Q1 2024, however, our Q1 2025 performance represents a 4% increase in our first year-over-year growth since Q2 of 2023. Industrial represented 44% of our first quarter revenue, finishing up 1% sequentially. The improved customer inventory backdrop is benefiting each of our industry segments. In addition, we are seeing stronger demand in our automatic test and aerospace and defense businesses, each of which were up year over year. Automotive represented 30% of quarterly revenue, finishing up 2% sequentially. Our leading connectivity and functionally safe power solutions were each up double digits year over year once again, reflecting secular content growth and greater share position. Communications represented 12% of quarterly revenue, finishing up 6% sequentially. Wireline, which makes up roughly two-thirds of our total communications business, was up double-digit sequentially and year over year, driven by data center infrastructure build-outs fueled by AI demand. Conversely, our wireless revenue continues to see demand challenges. And lastly, consumer represented 13% of quarterly revenue, finishing down 15% sequentially reflecting seasonal late. Our second consecutive quarter of robust year-over-year growth reflects our greater share and stronger content position across a diversified list of applications. Now on to the rest of the P&L. First quarter gross margin was 68.8%, up 90 basis points sequentially driven by favorable product mix. OpEx in the quarter was $687 million, up $32 million sequentially resulting in an operating margin of 40.5%. All told, non-operating expenses finished at $58 million and the tax rate for the quarter was 11.8%. All told, adjusted EPS was $1.63, at the high end of our guided range. Now, I'd like to highlight a few items from our balance sheet and cash flow statements. Cash and short-term investments finished the quarter at $2.7 billion and our net leverage ratio decreased to 1.1. Inventory increased $27 million sequentially as we replenish the die bank of our fastest turning products. Days of inventory increased to 176 while channel weeks moved lower and remained below our target of seven to eight weeks. The trailing twelve months, operating cash flow and CapEx were $3.8 billion and $656 million respectively. We continue to expect CapEx for fiscal 2025 to decrease from 2024 and fall within our long-term model of 4% to 6% of revenue. Free cash flow over the trailing twelve months was $3.2 billion or 34% of revenue. And during the same time period, we have returned more than $2.4 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As a reminder, we target 100% free cash flow return over the long term using 40% to 60% for our dividend, with the remainder used for share count reduction. As Vince mentioned, we announced an 8% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.99 from $0.92. In addition, our board is authorizing an incremental $10 billion for share repurchases resulting in roughly $11.5 billion of remaining buyback potential under our current program. Moving on to guidance. Second quarter revenue is expected to be $2.5 billion plus or minus $100 million. On a sequential basis, at the midpoint, we expect industrial to lead our growth and automotive to grow, while communications and consumer decline. Operating margin is expected to be 40.5% plus or minus 100 basis points flat sequentially due to a notable uptick in variable compensation. Our tax rate is expected to be 11% to 13% and based on these inputs adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.68 plus or minus $0.10. Before passing it back to Mike to begin our Q&A session, I'd like to address the near-term backdrop. Overall, our business continues to improve off our Q2 2024 trough in what continues to be an uncertain macro environment. We saw further order improvement and a positive book to bill during Q1. Importantly, booking strength was driven by industrial and automotive, our two largest end markets. Given this trend and the exciting product cycles Vince described, I'm confident we will return to long-term model growth in 2025 and believe we are well-positioned to capture additional upside should macro conditions improve. To you, Mike.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Rich. Get to the Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have follow-up questions, please re-queue and locate your question if time allows. With that, we are ready for the first question, please.
Operator: If you have a question, for those participating by telephone dialing, please press star one one on your phone to enter the queue. If your question has been answered and you wish to be removed from the queue, please press star one one again. If you're listening on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset when asking your question. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Our first question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. Wanted you to talk about the puts and takes in the auto market. You know, China seems to be the strongest region. Can you talk about how that affects you guys if there is an ongoing shift in the center of gravity towards China? Does that have any impact on pricing, margin, or potential for you guys?
Richard Puccio: Sure. Joe, I'll take that one. This is Rich. Let me give you a little color on what we're seeing in auto. Starting with Q1, you know, revenue came in better than expected driven by Asia, which we've talked about, you know, continued strength in China. As we've talked about in our recent calls, we have flagged that we have stronger share and content position at major Chinese EV OEMs with multiple products, again, including our audio and video connectivity solutions, functionally safe power, and BMS. This is coming through in results and we expect it to continue into Q2. As for the impact of a change in center, you know, we continue to see strong results right from a, you know, three straight quarters of double-digit growth in China being led by auto. In addition, and what we can talk about this, we've seen growth in the other parts of the China business, but the auto is continuing to lead.
Vincent Roche: I've been saying for a long time, Joe, that as long as there is a market for high-performance technologies, that ADI's technologies would continue to be relevant and that is the case. We see it in automotive. We see it in the industrial sector. And, you know, we're getting well paid for the quality of the technologies that we're bringing. So you know, it's clearly a competitive market particularly at the kind of middle low ends. With indigenous suppliers coming on stream. But given the high-performance trust in our portfolio, we were getting rewarded for the capabilities that we bring at the system level for our customers.
Joseph Moore: Thanks, John. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Rich, just to clarify, what is long-term model growth that you expect to return to this year? And then, Vince, my question is for you. You mentioned that the inventory levels have largely normalized. Is that at distributors? Is that at OEMs? Also, does it apply to all end markets or mostly to industrial? Basically, how does that inform us about how ADI can, you know, feel about demand visibility and growth over the next handful of quarters?
Vincent Roche: Thank you. Yeah. Maybe I can take the second part of the question first, Vivek. So we are seeing the normalization across the direct as well as distribution channels. And in pretty much every part of our business, including we were very, very encouraged by the recovery in industrial bookings. And that's a very, very important part of ADI's businesses. At its peak, it was a little over 50% of the total ADI revenue stream. So we're seeing monitor also, by the way, customer inventories. Our top customers. So we see normalization across segments, across customers, both big and small. We've also, by the way, kind of a bellwether for the general base of customers, you know, outside the top few hundreds, would be our mass market or a broad market. We've also started to see recovery there.
Richard Puccio: Yeah. And it's an Vivek, when I talk about the long-term model, I'm talking about the published range at 7% to 10%. Although, I think as we've talked about as the macros turn, I think there's opportunity for us to capture even more growth than that. I think your one part, three-part question, Vivek, talked about what we think from here, a kind of growth back half of this year. I think we knew that is how do you think about seasonality as you get to Q3 and Q4. Again, this is not guidance for Q3, but I'll give you kind of what we see as trends. Typically, our last ten years for our third quarter, you know, our third quarter industrial auto and comp are usually flat plus or minus a little depending on where you're on the cycle. Given what Vince was saying about industry normalizing, new wins coming on, I think those markets should be flat up. So I think the higher end of what normal seasonality is, for those businesses. On the consumer side, we typically start your holiday build which means you start growing 5% to 10% in Q3. Now, obviously a lot of macro crosscurrents. It's really like the cocktail out there on the macro side, which could be a second half. We'll update you in ninety days what we really think about Q3. Your next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. I had a question for you then. You know, ADI is in a pretty unique position because of your hybrid manufacturing model. And I was just wondering, you know, given all the political turmoil, the geopolitical turmoil that's going on right now, how are you thinking strategically about that hybrid model because obviously, you know, you're working with a very important partner in Asia, but then obviously also do some of your own internal manufacturing. So yeah, how are you thinking about how this is gonna play out in the next few years?
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Tore. Well, I think in times of great turbulence, diversity is a great benefit. Diversity of markets, diversity of products, diversity of customers and geographies. So I think, you know, I feel good in terms of our ability with that diversity to solve two problems essentially. One is diversity gives us optionality. But it also gives us resiliency. And, you know, by the kind of end of 2026 and the early 2027, we will have secured at least dual sourcing for the entire product chain of ADI. So about 95% of the products, you know, we'll have at least dual sources. And, you know, we've obviously desensitized geographic centricity over the last few years. We've invested in our fabs internally in America, in Europe, and we've worked with our partners as well to get at least two geographical sources for the products that we procure from our partners externally. So I think, you know, we're in a good position as a company to make sure that, you know, overall, we've internally got twice the capacity we had at the start of the pandemic. And as I said, we've secured also additional supply in new sources, new fabs, with existing partners. So I think we're in a very, very good position to weather whatever turbulence might come our direction.
Tore Svanberg: That's great color. Thank you, Vince.
Richard Puccio: Thanks, Tore.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danley with Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danley: Hey, thanks guys. I guess just to dig into the industrial strength. Can you just talk about where that's coming from? Is this mostly inventory replenishment? Is it mostly improved demand? Is it both? And then, you know, how did bookings trend during the quarter? Was the linearity pretty steady, or was there a spike? Or just a little more color there would be great. Thanks.
Richard Puccio: Sure, Chris. I'll jump in on that. So on the industrial, if we take a step back, you know, we've grown this business now sequentially for three straight quarters. Off of what we said was our trough in Q2. And then as for Q2, we actually expect industrial to be the fastest growing market. So we feel pretty good that our recovery is taking shape. And really could accelerate if the macro improves. For Q1 specifically, and we've talked about this in a couple of quarters, we saw continued strength in ADA and in the automatic test equipment, and then what we started to see from a positive perspective is stabilization across automation, healthcare, and energy, which I think has been important. And then in Q1, one of the things that we've talked a bunch about on prior calls is watching for the pickup in the broad market. We started to see some of that. In fact, the pickup in the broad market drove much of the upside relative to our initial expectations, which gives us confidence to begin shipping in line with end demand. So if you think about, you know, we've talked about in prior calls that, you know, we took a significant amount of inventory out of the channel during 2024, about $300 million. Most of that impacted the industrial market. So as we look at our growth trajectory, shipping more to sell through into the channel, will be a tailwind for industrial as well.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. As you know, the industrial sector is largely served through the distribution channels. So you know, with leanness there, demand recovering, I think both of those two concurrent streams are tailwinds for the business.
Richard Puccio: Yeah. On the booking side, bookings have improved in industrial in Q1 versus Q4. Pretty much across all the areas with the biggest strength obviously in ATE and ADA as we talked about. And we think it'd also be our fastest growth market in Q2, and that's supported by the bookings. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joshua Buchalter with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up on the previous one. I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks inventory levels in the channel moved down and I think they entered the quarter already below your seven to eight weeks target. Does either the April quarter guidance or the fiscal 2025 initial outlook of being in your target range include any sort of channel refill and I guess what signals do you guys need to see before you would wanna more clearly get back into that seven to eight week range? Thank you.
Richard Puccio: Yeah. So go ahead. So the current guide for Q2 has us shipping to sell through, so not adding into the channel. And I'll tell you for me for the benchmark and we talk to our distribution partners pretty regularly is if we're fulfilling customer requirements and we're not getting any escalations, we're feeling pretty comfortable right now operating below the seven weeks seven to eight weeks we've had historically. You know, balance that out, we're carrying a bit more inventory on our own books, which gives us some flexibility particularly given the amount of the inventory we're carrying in DieBank. Which allows us to be quicker to respond. So near to medium term, I don't expect that we would be adding back to the channel but we certainly do not wanna go any lower.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. I think just to add a bit of color to what Richard said as well, the centralization of inventory management I think, has served our customers very well. Customers of all sizes over the past what is essentially now five years of this of the old cycle. So we'll continue doing that, and that will be a critical guide as we think about how we modulate, you know, channel inventories over time.
Joshua Buchalter: Very helpful, caller. Thank you. And congrats on the results in the cocktail of uncertainty.
Vincent Roche: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Rollin with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Christopher Rollin: Hey, guys. Thank you for the question. Mine is around two very specific opportunities that you've talked about in the past. One is optical connectivity, and then the other is AI power. If you have any developments in those products or markets, would love to know those, or maybe it's just playing out like you thought it would. But we'd love to know how interest orders, etcetera, are going for those products.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Thank you. Well, I'd say first and foremost, our opportunity pipeline has been growing steadily in this AI-driven infrastructure world. And, you know, we've been a long-term player in this electro-optical interface category, you know, where we provide these very precise high compute throughput control systems for stabilizing the electro-optical modems. And, you know, we've just introduced our 1.6 terabit which is very much the benchmark for throughput in these systems today, of course, those speeds will continue to increase. The sophistication of what we build will continue to grow as well. So that's been a very good business, a high growth business for ADI for many, many years, and it predates the AI build-out of the IT build-out AI infrastructure. Our power technologies really straddle two different areas. One is, if you like, the power control systems that are important for the overall operation of a data center at kind of the board level, the server level. And the other is, and a good example, by the way, of that power control will be these hot swapping reset generators and so on. These very, very tough analog problems need to be solved. The second part of the power story is the delivery of energy to the GPUs, the chip systems themselves. And, we're going to production in the second half of this year, with the vertical power technique with one of the big hyperscalers. And we have other designs in train that will come on stream as well, I believe, in the 2026 period.
Christopher Rollin: Fantastic color there. Thank you so much. And maybe just kind of playing into these kind of new products that are emerging here. Are there any new other new products to call out? New customers? New end markets, any of these kind of free options, as I like to call them, that are emerging for your company. And anything you can point to, anything new that maybe you haven't had before any new opportunities?
Vincent Roche: It depends on, you know, how far into the future you want to go, but, you know, let me give you a couple of real-time examples here. I mentioned in the prepared remarks the convergence of wellness-based healthcare solutions with the consumer sector. We see that the interest in building those systems out is becoming, I would say, very, very active. We're well-positioned as a company because we've been building the sensory and signal processing technologies for a long, long time. So I would call that out as an area with a good spectrum of customers across many geographies. And many, many different types of healthcare modalities that need to be measured at the clinical grade level in incidentally, areas like continuous glucose monitoring. Being able to do that in a closed-loop system, both the input and the output. So I think that is an area that we're excited about, but we've a lot of good technologies that are being deployed at faster rates into that area. And if you want to go really into the future, you know, there is light beginning to appear in the whole quantum computing world, and we're at the early stages of building control systems, if you like. Precision control systems for these very, very complex computing elements.
Christopher Rollin: Very cool. Thank you so much.
Michael Lucarelli: Hey, Chris. As a reminder, if there's any additional questions from people who've asked questions, please re-queue your some extra time. Otherwise, we'll go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Harsh Kumar: Yeah. Hey, guys. I just wanted to hit up on the quote-unquote call for the bottom. I guess you're calling that. Guess what is the confidence level that this is not a head fake? I know you're talking about increased orders and normalization of inventory, but there's a lot of geopolitical movement. There's a lot of tariffs. Help us understand why the confidence level is so high that we've reached the bottom and this isn't just some kind of headache. Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Well, I think, you know, first and foremost, we have a lot of conversations with a lot of customers. You know, we've tens of thousands of customers in our portfolio. We pay attention to the signal that matters to us most is sell-through. So POS is how we, that's where we focus and that POS signal is how we plan our supply at ADI, how we run our business and run our supply system. So that's first and foremost. I think, you know, we are seeing the stabilization in the business and growth in certain areas right across the spectrum. And then there is geographically, there is a diversity of progress as well. I'd say Japan is most muted. America and China are strongest. I would say Asia Pacific is strong, and Europe is somewhere between, you know, between where Japan is and where the rest are. So but that's essentially how we view the work. As we said in the prepared remarks, what's incalculable here in our thinking is the effect of any potential geopolitical turmoil, trade war, and so on and so forth. So that I think, will be the governor ultimately. During this year as to the rate of recovery. But I have a strong conviction that in a new cycle in the semi sector uncertainty in aviation business.
Harsh Kumar: Thank you for the color. Thanks.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Harshal. I'm going to our last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yeah. I just had a follow-up on the, you know, conviction in growth there. You know, typically, when we go through these cycles, I think customers, they sort of hold off buying new products on sort of the older products have cleared out. And I'm just wondering if there's some of that going on. I mean, I guess that really relates to your win conversion rate. So, you know, any comments you can make on that conversion rate really starting to play out would be really helpful. Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Well, for example, Tore, the strength we're seeing in ATE markets, in the automotive market, for example, in areas like new data center modalities. Those areas are largely driven by a lot of new products. So I would say, there's three examples of where new products are making a huge difference. In fact, they're also with each new generation, we're capturing more ASPs. So, you know, we've often shared with you our famous vintage chart which shows the age of the portfolio. We measure very, very carefully within that vintage chart the contribution of newer products within a three and ten-year period as to what's going on. But I can tell you the conversion rate, the introduction of new parts, and the capturing of opportunity with new parts is strong. New products and new solutions. And, you know, obviously, we've got also a very strong franchise. Our legacy products tend to get pulled by these new anchor products that we're building. I'd say overall, I'm pleased with the effectiveness of our R&D spends and how we're capturing and creating new markets and new applications.
Tore Svanberg: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Michael Lucarelli: Alright. No problem. I think we answered all the questions then. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website. Thanks for joining and your continued interest in Analog Devices.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-11-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star one one on your telephone. You will then hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To withdraw your question, please press star one one again. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Excellent. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining our Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Conference Call. Joining me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche, and ADI's CFO, Rich Blue Shield. All of our materials can be found at investor.analog.com. Onto disclosures: Information about this discussion includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our filings with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only as of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law. In terms of gross margin, operating and non-operating expenses, operating margin, tax rate, EPS, and free cash flow, comments today will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes special items. When comparing our results and historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. Please note, references to EPS are on a fully diluted basis. And with that, I will turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche.
Vincent Roche: Thanks very much, Mike, and a very good morning to you all. Our first quarter results reflected the continued steady recovery from our second quarter cyclical bottom with revenue, operating margin, and earnings per share all finishing above the midpoint of our outlook. For the full fiscal year 2024, revenue finished at $9.4 billion with earnings per share of $6.38. The headwinds we faced in fiscal 2024 were most notably pronounced post-pandemic inventory digestion and the challenging macro backdrop muting demand recovery. Despite the external challenges, however, our business model and disciplined execution delivered an impressive 41% operating margin for the year and a free cash flow margin of 33%, up from 29% in fiscal 2023. Importantly, we continued investing in key value generation and capture initiatives to better position ADI to solve our customers' most difficult challenges at the Intelligent Edge. In R&D, which is our first call on capital, we continue to strengthen our world-class analog foundation while extending the scope of our innovation capabilities with investments in digital software and AI. Those investments resulted in, for example, last month's launch of ADI's new CodeFusion Studio software development platform, creating a resource-rich hub and ensuring a programming environment for embedded co-development in support of our analog mixed signal power and digital franchises. To better secure the increasingly connected intelligent edge, we also launched the ADI Assure Trusted Edge Security Architecture, which will enable cybersecurity capabilities on ADI products. The addition of new tech stack capabilities to our tremendous analog foundation enables us to deliver ever more sophisticated innovations for our customers. Our intense focus on R&D is reflected in the double-digit growth of our design win pipeline during fiscal 2024. That growth was enhanced by momentum in our Maxim revenue synergies pipeline across such areas as GMSL, healthcare, and data center power, putting us firmly on a path to achieving our goal of $1 billion in revenue synergies by 2027. Now, to accelerate pipeline growth and conversion, we continue to evolve our digital customer engagement platforms to support a greater range of technical expertise and customer needs. We also expanded our cadre of field engineering experts to provide world-class support and service to our global customer base. Our customers value our thought leadership, the breadth and depth of our cutting-edge technology stack, the strength and resilience of our supply chain, and our service and support integrity. Let me share a few examples with you now. In Industry 4.0, semiconductor content as a percentage of CapEx investments continues to expand rapidly as factories integrate IT and OT to connect and software-define the factory floor. This is creating tremendous growth for ADI's sensor-to-cloud automation solutions, with a large number of customers leveraging our sensing, power control, and deterministic Ethernet technologies. On the factory floor, our intelligent motion and positioning solutions are being designed into robotic systems by several large customers, expanding our content per robot by three times. In our Instrumentation and Test business, ADI's cutting-edge analog signal and power capabilities are the foundation for the leadership position we've established in the AI-related SoC and high-bandwidth memory test market, where our content per tester stretches into the hundreds of thousands of dollars. Now looking ahead, we're developing additional mixed signal and digital capabilities to further reduce test time and power requirements, which we believe will result in more than 20% additional ADI content per test. Within the healthcare sector, our precision signal processing and real-time connectivity solutions are critical to the rapidly expanding surgical robotics market. And in the fast-growing continuous glucose monitoring space, we have won multiple opportunities across several customers. Our unique digitally enabled analog front-end solutions increase the accuracy and power efficiency of sensors and enable a better patient experience by extending battery life from days to weeks. Aerospace and defense has remained our most resilient industrial segment during this downturn, with stellar design win pipeline growth. We expect revenue growth to accelerate to a double-digit level next year due to increasing global defense budgets and the proliferation of space communication systems that rely on our higher value integrated RF modules and subsystems. Within automotive, the performance advantages of our battery management systems are driving substantial pipeline growth among OEMs. In addition, we're also seeing momentum for these solutions in electrical grid storage systems. These trends, combined with recent wins, give us confidence that our BMS revenues should return to growth in fiscal 2025 with meaningful contributions from our higher value wired solution. The proliferation of higher content vehicles that use more power management connectivity and an increasing number of sensor platforms is expanding our content across all vehicle types, combustion engines, hybrids, and indeed full EVs. This trend drove our GMSL and A2B connectivity and functionally safe power franchises to new high watermarks in fiscal 2024, and with a record design win pipeline, we expect this growth to persist.
Michael Lucarelli: Notably, we added to our portfolio of connectivity solutions by launching our Ethernet to the Edge bus solution, or U2B, which is an enabler of the software-defined vehicle vision. And out of the gate, we have design wins with several major OEMs, including BMW. In communications, we've seen a positive inflection in the wireline market and expect that growth to continue in FY 2025 and beyond. Our confidence is based on significant new wins, including a high precision controller for the optical module and the high-performance compute leaders' AI systems, and our next-gen power solutions, which will begin shipping later in 2025. We're also experiencing tremendous demand from leading data center customers for our new innovative hot swap solution, which significantly extends power and control capabilities for AI-based servers. In consumer, new wins coming to market are driving strong growth. We expect this momentum to continue in the years ahead, given new wins across power, audio, optical, and touch in portable applications at multiple key customers. We've also seen growth in wearables. For example, our VSM platform's superior accuracy at lower power is becoming ever more critical for customers seeking to differentiate by capturing and processing more biomarkers. We've seen design momentum accelerate and content opportunities expand at wearable market leaders as well as in disruptors bringing miniaturized form factors to market. In wearable acoustic systems, our combination of ultra-low power and neural processing with application-specific audio processing algorithms is enabling next-generation noise cancellation and hearing augmentation. We're leveraging these technology innovations in several B2B markets. In addition, turning now to manufacturing, we've invested $2.7 billion in CapEx since acquiring Maxim to increase our capacity and enhance resiliency. We also expanded our foundry partnership with TSMC earlier this year to secure additional 300-millimeter fine-pitched technology capacity at their Japan fab. These investments enable a more flexible hybrid manufacturing model, further insulating our supply from regional shocks and increasing our swing capacity to around 70% of revenue in the coming years. This unique ability helps us to capture the upside in strong demand backdrops and better protect our gross margins during more challenging times. So in closing, I'm very proud of how ADI has managed through one of the worst inventory digestion cycles our industry has ever seen. While the macro backdrop presents challenges, I'm confident in our continued recovery in fiscal 2025. And with that, now I'll pass it over to Rich.
Richard Puccio: Thank you, Vince. And let me add my welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. I'll start with a brief recap of fiscal 2024 results. Revenue of more than $9.4 billion, down from the record fiscal 2023, driven by broad-based inventory digestion and sluggish end demand. Gross margin of 67.9% reflects lower revenue factory utilization and mix headwinds. Decline in revenue and gross margins were partially offset by lower operating expenses, which resulted in an operating margin of 40.9% and EPS of $6.38. Moving to fourth quarter results, revenue of $2.44 billion came in above the midpoint of our outlook for a 6% sequential increase, a 10% decline year over year. Industrial represented 44% of our fourth quarter revenue, finishing up 2% sequentially and down 21% year over year. Continued strength in AI-related test, aerospace and defense, and a return to sequential growth in automation more than offset slower end demand driven by a weaker macro backdrop. For the full year, industrial decreased 35% from a record 2023, with every major application declining double digits except aerospace and defense, which significantly outperformed the rest of industrial. Automotive represented 29% of quarterly revenue, finishing up 4% sequentially and down 2% year over year. This was notably better than our original expectation due to steadily improving demand from China throughout the quarter. For the year, automotive declined 2% from a record fiscal 2023 as double-digit growth across our functionally safe power and leading A2B and GMSL connectivity franchises were offset by broad-based inventory digestion and production headwinds. Communications represented 11% of our quarterly revenue, finishing up 4% sequentially and down 18% year over year. Stronger demand from data center customers for our solutions drove low double-digit sequential growth in our wireline business, which more than offset the decline in wireless. For the year, communications decreased 33%, and similar to the fourth quarter, we saw a relative outperformance in our wireline business over wireless. Lastly, consumer represented 16% of quarterly revenue, finishing up 22% sequentially and 31% year over year, driven by higher share in wearables, premium handsets, and gaming applications. For the year, consumer decreased just 1% with double-digit growth in portable applications, balancing double-digit declines in our prosumer business, which is more industrial-like in nature. Now on to the rest of the P&L. Fourth quarter gross margin was 67.9%, flat sequentially as product mix headwinds offset modestly higher utilization rates. OpEx in the quarter was $655 million, up approximately $35 million sequentially, driven primarily by merit increases, which resulted in an operating margin of 41.1%. Non-operating expenses finished at $55 million, and the tax rate for the quarter was 12.1%. All told, EPS was $1.67, which finished above the midpoint of our outlook. Despite a tough year, we took decisive action to strengthen our financial position, and I'd like to call out a few results from our balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.4 billion in cash, short-term investments, and a net leverage ratio of 1.2. Inventory finished approximately $20 million higher than the third quarter, while days of inventory decreased to 167. Channel inventory finished slightly below the low end of our seven to eight-week target as we continue to prudently manage our supply. Operating cash flow for the quarter was more than $1 billion and more than $3.8 billion for fiscal 2024. CapEx was $165 million for the quarter and $730 million for the year, resulting in fiscal 2024 free cash flow of more than $3.1 billion or 33% of revenue. During the year, we returned $2.4 billion to shareholders via $1.8 billion in dividends and $600 million in repurchases. Now moving on to guidance for the first quarter. Revenue is expected to be $2.35 billion, plus or minus $100 million. Notably, this implies year-over-year growth when compared to a normalized 13-week first quarter of fiscal 2024, a good indication that we're past the trough and in gradual recovery. We expect sell-in to be roughly equal to sell-through in this quarter. At the midpoint, we are expecting a seasonal decline on a sequential basis as noted last quarter. Industrial, automotive, and communications are each expected to decline by low single digits, with consumer down around 15%. Operating margin is expected to be approximately 40%, plus or minus 100 basis points. Our tax rate is expected to be 12 to 14%. And based on these inputs, EPS is expected to be $1.53, plus or minus 10 cents. I'll conclude by noting a few items as we begin the new fiscal year. As Vince mentioned, we made great progress building a more agile and resilient hybrid manufacturing model. As such, we expect our CapEx spend will moderate back to our long-term model of 4 to 6% of revenue in fiscal 2025. We expect this normalized CapEx level and planned receipt of investment tax credits tied to both the US and European CHIPS Acts will provide tailwinds to fiscal 2025's free cash flow. Importantly, while we have delivered on our commitment to return 100% of free cash flow since our Maxim acquisition, fiscal 2024's return was lower due to our decision to increase balance sheet cash during this period of macroeconomic uncertainty and to help us extinguish $400 million of debt coming due in fiscal 2025. That said, investors can expect us to revert to our targeted return of 100% of free cash flow in fiscal 2025. I'm now going to turn it back to Mike for Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Rich. Let's get to the Q&A session. I ask that you limit yourself to one question to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have follow-up questions, please re-queue. The waiting question time allows. With that, we have our first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. For those participating by telephone, dial in. If you have a question, if your question has been answered and you wish to be removed from the queue, please press star one one again. If you're listening on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset when asking your question. We'll pause just for a moment to compile the Q&A roster. And I show our first question comes from the line of Chris Danley from Citi. Go ahead.
Chris Danley: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just a little color on the auto strength. Can you talk about how big China is as a percent of your auto business? And then within that, how much of the strength was from, say, EV versus ICE or all these EV startups that we're hearing about from China? Thanks.
Richard Puccio: So I'll give you a little bit of the perspective, Chris, on the auto near term. So on the last call, we expected the sequential decline in Q4 given the drop we talked about in bookings during Q3. An adjustment to production for multiple of our OEMs. However, toward the end of Q3, bookings started to improve and that continued throughout our Q4, with stronger demand in China reflecting EV volume growth, share gains, and content growth. As for the other geos, we saw broad weakness, but upside in the U.S., which returned to sequential growth driven mainly by our BMS and wireless BMS portfolio. Secular demand for ADAS and next-gen infotainment continues to drive strength globally for our functionally safe power, audio, and video solutions. Content and share growth in these areas have helped offset broad inventory headwinds resulting in a shallower correction in other end markets. I'd also note that while BMS is still facing inventory headwinds broadly, we saw a strong uptick in China reflecting the expanded share we talked about on our Q2 call compounded by volume growth in the region. BMS also improved in the U.S., including growth for our higher content wireless solution, which is now 10% of total BMS. And as Vince mentioned, design win activity was strong in 2024, giving us confidence that BMS will return to growth in fiscal year 2025.
Vincent Roche: A little more color, Chris, than what Rich has just said. So you know, we've got a really high-performance portfolio. We've got many, many different SKUs, if you like, in that portfolio. And, you know, we're playing the high-performance game with the big players in China for merit. So that's the same business there.
Michael Lucarelli: And they've got some comments on the US-China kind of relative what's the mix of China. Our China business looks a lot like ADI enterprise where industrial are more of the two biggest percent of our revenue in China. I think about 80% of the China business. Comms is in the teens, consumers below 5%.
Chris Danley: Thank you.
Operator: And I show our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
CJ Muse: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Vince, you talked about a number of company-specific drivers that should allow you to outperform in calendar 2025. So I was hoping you could kind of use that as a backdrop and then maybe layer in kind of your thoughts on how the cycle will kind of emerge from today's trough. And you know, what your kind of thoughts are in terms of pushing, you know, business through 2025 and 2026. Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Thanks, CJ. So yeah, obviously, we've already stated our first quarter will be down, so we expect to start getting back to a positive growth trajectory in the second quarter. I think during 2025, if I were to kind of rank the market recoveries, you know, I think it'll be led by industrial. We have very healthy customer inventories. The channel is below seven weeks, and that's a big part of the supply chain into the industrial sector. You know, you couple that with the green shoots that we've mentioned already in areas like AI, tests, and aerospace and defense, which I called out in the script. So I think the compare is easier overall. And, you know, as a result, I think industrial, given the signs we see, will recover briskly in 2025. I've been in consumer, we have a much more diversified business than we've ever had. We've better portfolio than we've ever had. Inventory is normalized and we're already seeing the benefits. We saw it in our in our 4Q results, three and 4Q results, the strength of our consumer business. I think next is the comms business. You know, it declined by over 30% in 2024. And I think that was really an inventory digestion too. So we feel at this point that we're through the worst of the supply normalization. And as we talked about in the scripts, we're beginning to see steady demand improvement, particularly in wireline. Driven by the build-out of these new externalized intelligence systems. And you know, the AI infrastructure. So we're not seeing much on the wireless side. We've I think at a low point in wireless during 2024. So I think it'll all depend on the carrier CapEx investments in 5G moving ahead. Last but not least, the automotive sector. We expect to see continued momentum in areas of function, we say power, the connectivity things that I spoke about, and, essentially, it's globally to be driving share and penetration across all the different types of platforms. So you know, we've had a tough year in 2024 in BMS. 2025, we had expect to see that get back to a better shape, get back to a growth pattern. And you know, given that all of us down just 2% in 2024, it's a tough compare moving ahead. But overall, we feel that we'll be on a solid growth path as well. So that's the ranking, CJ, it's a long answer to a simple question. Thanks, CJ.
CJ Muse: Thank you.
Operator: And I show our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. My question is on Q4 Industrial and then how it sort of shaped fiscal 2025. I think for Q4 industrial, if I'm not mistaken, you had expected sales to grow high single digit. I think they went up only modestly. And then you're guiding Q1 Industrial down again sequentially. So Vince, my question is Industrial really out of the woods, what helps it grow above seasonal? Because just assuming seasonal growth for the rest of fiscal 2025 may not be sufficient, right, to really grow fiscal 2025 at a strong pace. So just maybe help us you know, understanding what's happening in the industrial market and when do you expect it to start growing above seasonal trends next year?
Richard Puccio: So, Vivek, I'll take that and so Q4, as you mentioned, was a bit lower than we expected. Driven largely by weakness in the broad market and our decision to reduce channel inventory during the quarter. Now as you know, reducing channel inventory has an outsized impact on our industrial business. At the same time, we did see continued strength in ADAS instrumentation and test and a return to sequential growth in automation. If you remember, in the prior two quarters, we've seen significant declines in automation. So to see that return to sequential growth was a very positive sign. You know, taking a step back, we've grown industrial sequentially now for two quarters. Of what we said was our trough in Q2 of 2024. So we feel pretty good that the recovery is still unfolding for us. And now we're gonna wait and give a bit to see what the macros do. But if I look to 2025, you know, one of the important signals for us continues to be we have been under shipping demand for the better part of 18 months. You know, and if you just normalize that for even our historical patterns, or the market patterns, you know, it would indicate we've under shipped something like 20%. Which is how we get confidence in coming out of Q1's seasonal down, we will start to see growth again in industrial in the remainder of 2025. Obviously, the slope of that will be covered a bit by the macro backdrop.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: And I show our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Shane: Hi. Thank you for letting me ask a question. This is Shane from Morgan Stanley on behalf of Joe Moore. Just on your automotive business, how have customer orders and pricing discussions tracked for the growth areas of your portfolio, such as A2B, GMSL, and functional safe power? And then how have they progressed for the sort of other half of the automotive business?
Richard Puccio: So I don't break that into two pieces, I guess. I'll talk about pricing first. So from a pricing perspective so far with customers, it's been largely as expected and continuing to exhibit the stability that we've talked about previously. Right? We continue to focus on the high end where our customers value performance versus price. You know, we can commend ASPs for X the industry average. And that has continued to grow over the cycle. You know, as particularly as we, you know, look across our broad large customers, you know, we're becoming more and more important moving from a essentially, a tier two contracting with tier ones to actually partnering with the OEMs at the early stages of design. You know, and we've talked about before prices set at the design in. Tend to stay pretty fixed throughout a long period of time. So sometimes over a decade on average. Although, there is some volume discounts that come through, so we trade off incremental volume for small decreases in price. And then we do look to mitigate those discounts with our vintage increases on our older products. The other thing that's helping on the pricing stability is we are clearly broadly across costs in our business experiencing inflationary environments, which supports continued stability on the pricing side.
Michael Lucarelli: And your company, guys, well, love the pieces of the automotive business. You're right we break it down. We got two One, we call it, like, the growth areas. Vince outlined a bunch of those, GMSL, A2B, functionally safe power, and BMS. They make up about half our revenue in auto. Those grew in 2024 over 10%. The other part of the business, the other 50%, is really more standard product portfolio that goes across all the OEMs all customers, and really goes up and down in production. That piece was down about 10% in 2024. And you fast forward to 2025, I think it was be more or the same? Or we see a lot of growth come from those GMSL, A2B, functionally safe portfolio. And we said a couple of times, I called BMS and returned to growth as well.
Vincent Roche: Go next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And I show our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. Vince, I had a sort of bigger picture question, especially as we embark on this new cycle. So as I navigate your website, I just see some more software products. And I'm just wondering as AI continues to move to the edge, what do you see as a differentiation here for Analog Devices? Especially in relation to some of your other analog signal peers?
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Thanks, Tore. Well, software is not particularly new to ADI in the sense that, you know, for many decades, now, we've had a vibrant DSP franchise. With a lot of, you know, tool chain capability, a lot of algorithmic capability, but we've begun really, I think, over the last decade, taking a more application view to the world across all our core markets, industrial, automotive, communications, etcetera, etcetera. And, you know, we've begun moving up the stack from the core base of analog signal power technologies. So we use, I would say, more algorithmic technology to kind of, at the copilot, so to speak, with the core franchise. So everything we do in software is essentially supports the cutting-edge strength that we have in the analog mix signal and power solutions. And you know, it's increasingly important for our ADI to present our solutions to our customers in a way that makes us easier and more enjoyable for them to use our solution that could complexity and sophistication of what we bring to them. So, you know, over the last couple of months, we announced two new parts to our software story. One is what we call CodeFusion Studio. And, essentially, what that is is an open-source software development environment that includes software development kits, tools, debuggers, and so on and so forth. And that enables our customers to get access. Know, to be able to embed ADI's analog and digital technology into their end system solutions. And the second piece is, it goes without saying, cybersecurity is top of mind for everybody. So we've released what we call the ADI Assure platform. And, essentially, what it is, it's a new security architecture that enables us to provide a root of trust from the hardware rights into the cloud, so to speak, and to understand the movement the creation and movement of data across that spectrum. So you know, we are spending more on software than we've done. But we're taking a very holistic view and I'd say using software to drive the innovation system of the company, the innovation within our products around our products, and making it easier for our customers to access our solutions. That's it in a nutshell, I think.
Operator: Thank you. And I show our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about gross margins. What are your thoughts on gross margins into Q1 as revenue declines? And do you think the Q1 is the bottom as it does seem like you do think revenue grows off of there? Like, how do we think about the trajectory off of that gross margins in the next year, what does it take to get them back into the 70% plus range?
Richard Puccio: Stacy, I'll take that one. So Q4 gross margin was lower than we'd expected due to mix. So with consumer and auto being so much stronger while industrial was weaker, you know, that created some downward pressure because then we had talked about a slight sequential increase, which we didn't see. For Q1, we expected slower slightly lower gross margin given sort of normal factory shutdowns around the holidays. As well as the seasonally lower revenue. You know, if we think about the when will we see sort of the 70% this is gonna continue to be driven by mix and utilization as we grow revenue. Right now, industrial is pretty low mix. And utilization, while no longer decreasing and coming off of our low points back in Q2, remain sort of well below optimal levels. Know, if you wanna think about it from a longer-term perspective, from a revenue view, we'd likely, you know, need revenue in the $2.7 billion plus to start seeing 70%. From a 2025 sort of sequential perspective, as we do, as we mentioned, expect revenue to recover to growth coming out of the Q1 seasonality. We would expect to see gross margin improvement as we work through the back half of the year. And then, obviously, as we've talked about the back half macros will determine how much revenue growth we get and how much incremental margin we see.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you.
Operator: And I show our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Rich, you just mentioned that fiscal Q2 is gonna be up. I'm wondering what you consider normal seasonal to be in fiscal Q2. It seems like it's up about three to four. So that's the first part of my question. And then the second part is, you sort of strip out autos, I wonder, like, how is book to bill if you could sort of, you know, strip out autos versus normal? Is it trending pretty much as you would? Thanks.
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, sir. So I'll grab the first question and then go to the book and build question. I was like, I lost the bet to myself. I thought the two key question me with the top three questions were number seven. So yep. That's what that'll go sometimes. But you're right. We keep on seasonality strength. What does seasonal mean into you? It's been a while since seasonality. Usually, you see industrial and auto up. About mid-single digits in Q2. Communication's up some, not as much. Maybe flat up slightly. Well, consumers down a little bit. So overall, you're up about to mid-single digits in a portal company level. Again, that's seasonal trends. There's a wide band. On that, typically how we think about Q2 for a seasonal perspective.
Richard Puccio: Yeah. On the booking side, so as we talked about after the decline in Q3 in auto, total bookings returned to growth driven by continued growth in industrial and a rebound in auto. Overall book to bill was below one, which we would say is pretty normal at this point. Reflecting our seasonally lower Q1 outlook. You know, regionally, bookings were up everywhere, excluding the Americas. And that largely reflects the seasonal decline in consumer.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks, Tim. Thank you.
Operator: And I show our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Thanks for letting me ask a question. Vince, a bit of a longer-term question for you. Cycle to cycle, you know, the good news is it sounds like you found the bottom especially on the industrial side. And you mentioned that it was kind of the worst downturn from an inventory perspective in a long, long time. I guess my question is the prior peak, I guess, in your fiscal 2023 is that attainable? And what are the puts and takes to get to that? Because I guess from a big picture question, was that overinflated or was that a realistic target that we should look forward to? And if so, at what time?
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Thanks, Ross. Well, I think, you know, first and foremost, our portfolio is in better position than it's ever been. I would say ADI's connection with our customers, big and small, is better than it's ever been. You know, we're investing in believe, in the right areas in the R&D sector. Our pipeline coming out of 2024, it grew double digits year over year. Opportunity pipeline. So I think the company is well positioned. We've also been very, very I would say, taking a very almost purest view to how we flush inventory. So my sense is you know, we've got a supply chain that is well capable of meeting what we believe will be good demand during 2024. To get back to the kind of the 2023 levels, you know, we believe that our business is capable of growing double digits. So, you know, through the rest of the decade here, given the position we've got, the demand that we see, the opportunity pipeline. So and I think know, we will see a good down payment on that future prospect. During 2025.
Operator: Thank you. And I show our next question comes from the line of William Stein from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
William Stein: Oh, great. Thanks for taking my question. Vince, I think you mentioned data center power management in the prepared remarks, but I'm hoping you can dig into this a little bit. There's been quite a bit of all very know, what some people call charismatic design win up opportunities in that end market. I know that at least one of the companies you acquired, Maxim, had a significant effort in 48-volt PMEC, and I suspect Linear had something there as well. I wonder if you can comment as to the medium-term opportunity as you all see it and maybe any comment on design win traction there. Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Thanks, Will. So you know, first off, if you just put the entire data center business in ADI perspective, you know, we have really two elements to our power story. I think one is the power solutions that go around the computing chips, and the rest of the, you know, the server infrastructure. The second piece is the control units, things like hot swapping, supervisory, so on and so forth. We've had good traction of that business a long, long time. We've got some new products coming to market. That will continue to boost us in terms of ASP, share, and so on and so forth. We're also getting good traction with our optical control solutions right up to 1.6 terabits. So that's kind of the landscape of products and technologies that we have. You know, if you're going to win anything in this in these this data center business you've gotta play an ecosystem game. So we play with the processor companies. We're playing with the data center companies themselves. And, you know, again, we're picking our places very, very carefully. We're going for the highest end solutions where we can make a big difference in the energy space. By the way, we're even attaching energy solutions at, you know, kind of the more between the grid and the data sector. So we view this power is just merely part of the an energy solution, and we're looking at that from the intersection with grid right down to the chip.
Richard Puccio: Thanks, Will. Can we get to our last question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And I show our last question comes from the line of Joshua Buchalter from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joshua Buchalter: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Wanted to ask about utilization rates. I think you might be the only company in broad-based semis that called out higher utilization rates this quarter. How should we think about how you're thinking about that trending into fiscal 2025? Are you you know, it sounds like sell-in is matching sell-through. Should we just think about that ramping basically directionally and linearly with your revenue or any other puts and takes we should keep in mind as we think about the impact of margins? Thank you.
Richard Puccio: Yeah. So I guess I would start with, you know, from a utilization perspective. We've talked about our agile. You know, one of the reasons we've been able to bring utilization levels up is our ability to swing capacity back into our internal fabs. So I think as I've mentioned, we're still not at anywhere near a normalized utilization rate. Our ability to swing during the downturn has allowed us to continue to grow off the drop that we talked about in Q2. So we have seen two quarters of sequential modest I would say modest sequential increases in utilization and as the revenue picks up as we work our way through best fiscal year 2025, I expect that utilization to continue increase to continue.
Michael Lucarelli: Alright. Thank you, Josh, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. A cockpit transcript will be available on our website. Thanks again for joining the call. Have a great Thanksgiving.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-08-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices ' Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Kevin. And good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our third quarter fiscal 2024 conference call. With me on the call today, ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche; ADIs CFO, Richard Puccio. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it in relating financial schedules and investor.analog.com. Onto the disclosures, information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release and our periodic reports and other materials follow the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information, as these statements reflect our expectations only as a date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update the statements except as required by law. Revenue, adjusted gross margin, operating and non-operating expenses, operating margin, tax rate, EPS and free cash flow in our comment today will be on non-GAAP basis, which excludes special items. When comparing our results to historic performance. Special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thanks very much, Mike, and a very good morning to you all. The stronger demand for a high-performance product portfolio and skillful execution resulted in third quarter revenue of more than $2.3 billion, operating margin north of 41%, and EPS of $1.58, all above the midpoint of our outlook. These favorable results, combined with improved customer inventory levels and order momentum across most of our markets, increase my confidence that our second quarter marked the cyclical bottom for ADI. My optimism remains guarded, however, as challenging economic and geopolitical conditions are limiting a sharper recovery. We continue to balance near-term fiscal discipline with strategic investment in our long-term growth initiatives, positioning ADI to capitalize on the extraordinary opportunities that we see ahead. Now I'd like to draw attention to our industrial end market, which is our largest, most diverse, and most profitable business, generating durable revenue streams that last close to two decades, on average. As our business begins to recover from the pandemic's volatility, we're excited about the tremendous long-term growth opportunities of the industrial market. We offer our customers an unparalleled suite of high-performance solutions stretching from antenna to bits, sensor to cloud and nanowatts to kilowatts. Our extensive technology portfolio, combined with our deep domain expertise and engineering muscle, has enabled us to secure leading positions across the most attractive industrial sectors. Now, with growing digital software and algorithmic capabilities augmenting our cutting-edge analog portfolio, ADI is strongly positioned to solve our customers most difficult challenges in factory and process automation, energy efficiency, secure connectivity and many, many more. To illustrate the power and potential of our industrial franchise, let me share with you a few examples of how our recent innovations are unlocking new revenue streams and positioning us for strong growth in the years ahead. For example, our Instrumentation and Test business, which includes scientific instruments, electronic test and measurement, and automated test equipment is essential to the important scientific and technological advancements of the digital era. Within automated test equipment, for example, our next generation solutions increase channel density and throughput, while reducing energy consumption by up to 30% per system. These are crucial parameters for testing complex, high performance compute GPUs and high bandwidth memory systems for AI. As the AI infrastructure build up remains a priority for global hyperscalers, we expect growth to continue into 2025 and indeed well beyond. Turning now to Aerospace and Defense, which has been our most resilient business during this downturn, ADI's domain expertise and high performance portfolio across orphan microwaves, high speed and precision converters, power and MEMS uniquely positions us to deliver complete edge solutions offering our customers scale, velocity and lower total cost of ownership. As an example, we're building upon our programmable Apollo signal chain platform today to create full software defined RF communications and sensor systems, which has the potential to increase our sound by five times in commercial, defense and aerospace communication systems. Indeed, we see a path to double-digit revenue growth in this sector in 2025, fueled by several high value design wins that are going to production. In Automation, though we've seen a slow recovery to date, we remain strongly confident in its future growth potential as the benefits of increased productivity are ever more clear. Customers are prioritizing enhanced digitalization and IT/OT integration on their factory floors. Their deployments of in-line instrumentation and advanced robotics are driving the need for more sensing, edge processing, secure connectivity, and car management. Within robotics, we're seeing a progression from fixed-arm machines to autonomous and mobile robots to eventually humanoid robots. This evolution creates additional opportunities for a precision signal chain franchise. And sensing, connectivity, and motion-controlled subsystems with fully isolated and efficient power solutions can drive content from hundreds of dollars in robots today to thousands in autonomous and humanoid robots. What is additionally exciting about these advances is their broad applicability beyond factories, such as surgical robots and imaging systems in healthcare. ADI's products have the potential to dramatically improve a surgeon's effectiveness through a more precise surgical experience with lower latency connectivity. Additionally, patients gain the potential benefits of shorter hospital stays and fewer complications. The evolution in robotics is expected to unlock billions of dollars of potential opportunity for a high-performance analog, mixed signal, power connectivity, and sensing solutions. We see the potential for a doubling of our robotics revenue in the years ahead. Turning now to Energy Transmission and Distribution, our customers are modernizing and digitalizing the electrical grid to respond to exponentially accelerating energy demand driven in part by the proliferation of electric transportation and rapid AI adoption. This process is resulting in a grid that is distributed dynamic and bidirectional, a paradigm shift from the past model of linear stable supply. We're working with traditional suppliers and disruptors to enable the necessary intelligence for the new grid from decentralized power plants to the distribution edge. We're leveraging our analog and algorithm capabilities in cutting-edge energy monitoring and management solutions. Additionally, our battery management technology increases capacity and improves energy utilization in the grid's renewable energy storage systems. This reimagined intelligent grid of the future has the potential to expand our return by over $10 billion and creates tailwinds for our energy franchise for many years to come. Given the synergies across our industrial portfolio, our pace of innovation and the emergent signs of market recovery, we're optimistic for our industrial business that has turned the corner and 25 will be a robust growth year. So in closing, our investments in high-performance analog solutions are enabling us to intersect with and leverage the numerous concurrent secular trends that transcend the business cycle and will propel us into the future. Our commitment to our customers' success and to impactful innovation will be the path that carries us there, ultimately increasing long-term shareholder value. And so with that, I'm going to turn it over to Rich, who'll take you through the numbers.
Richard Puccio : Thank you, Vince. And let me add my welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Third quarter revenue of $2.31 billion came in above the midpoint of our outlook, finishing up 7% sequentially and down 25% year-over-year. Industrial represented 46% of revenue in the third quarter, finishing up 6% sequentially and down 37% year-over-year. Every major application increased sequentially except for automation, which declined at a much slower pace than it had in previous quarters. Automotive represented 29% of revenue, finishing flat sequentially and down 8% year-over-year. We saw continued double-digit growth year-over-year for our industry-leading connectivity and functionally safe power platforms. Conversely, automotive production cuts are extending inventory digestion across customers, particularly impacting our legacy automotive and electrification businesses. Communications represented 12% of revenue, finishing up 10% sequentially and down 26% year-over-year. Slowing customer inventory digestion enabled both wireless and wireline growth sequentially. And lastly, Consumer represented 14% of revenue, finishing up 29% sequentially and increased year-over-year for the first time since 2022. We saw diversified growth across applications with notable strength in portables and gaming. Now let's move from the top line to the rest of the P&L. Third quarter gross margin was 67.9%, up 120 basis points sequentially, driven by higher revenue, higher utilization and favorable mix. Operating expenses in the quarter were $619 million, up modestly sequentially, driven primarily by higher variable compensation. Operating margin of 41.2% exceeded the high end of our outlook. Nonoperating expenses finished at $70 million and the tax rate for the quarter was 10.8%. The net result was EPS of $1.58, which finished near the high end of our outlook. Our financial position is solid and I'd like to call out a few items from our balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended Q3 with more than $2.5 billion of cash and short-term investments and a net leverage ratio of 1.2. Inventory decreased $51 million sequentially and days declined to 178 from 192. As planned, we reduced channel inventory further this quarter with weeks ending near the low end of our 7 to 8 week target. Operating cash flow for the quarter and trailing 12-month was $0.9 billion and $4 billion respectively. CapEx for the quarter and trailing 12-month was $154 million and $1 billion respectively. For fiscal 24, CapEx is tracking to our $700 million plan, which is down roughly 45% versus 2023 as our hybrid manufacturing investment cycle tapers. Not included in these figures are the anticipated benefits from both the European and U.S. CHIPS Act. During the last 12 months, we generated $2.9 billion of free cash flow or 30% of revenue. Over this same time period, we have returned $2.8 billion via dividends and share repurchases. As a reminder, our strategy is to return 100% of our free cash flow to our shareholders over the long term. Now I'll turn to the fourth quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be $2.4 billion plus or minus $100 million, up 4% sequentially at the midpoint. We expect sell through to be roughly equal to sell in this quarter. At the midpoint on a sequential basis, we expect industrial and consumer to increase, communications to be flattish and automotive to decrease. Operating margin is expected to be 41% plus or minus 100 basis points. Our tax rate is expected to be between 11% and 13% and based on these inputs, EPS is expected to be $1.63 plus or minus $0.10. In closing, our third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook support our view that we have passed this cycle's trough. However, challenging economic and geopolitical conditions are limiting a faster demand recovery. I will now give it back to Mike for Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli : Thanks, Rich. Let's get to our Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow -up question, please requeue and we'll take your question if time allows. With that, we have our first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you so much. Great to see the turn here. Vince, could you maybe elaborate a little bit more on this sort of mixed environment, right? Because inventories have bottomed, access to inventories have bottom, at the same time end demand seems to be kind of mixed. So, as you navigate through this period, could you elaborate a little bit on your visibility, how's backlog trending? Are you finally starting to see new products ramping more into production? Because these are typical signals that you want to see at the beginning of a new cycle.
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks, Tore. Well, I'd say first and foremost, we run this company on POS signals. That's how we plan our production, how we run the company operationally. So, we pay very, very close attention to what's happening in terms of the end market demand. And my confidence has increased since last quarter that indeed 2Q was the cyclical bottom. We've exited 3Q with very, very lean channel inventory. We've taken inventory of our own balance sheet though. We're positioned with a very, very healthy backlog of inventory on our own balance sheet so that the anticipated demand upsurge as we expect in 2025 were very, very well equipped and ready to meet that. So foray in the fourth quarter, as we've said, we expect to see continued sequential growth. And indeed, we'll also see, I think, particularly in the industrial area, continued improvement on customer inventory levels. So, look, it's all the whole recovery, the ramp of the recovery will depend on the macro situation. But nonetheless, given the design wins, we've a record design win pipeline in the company. So we're facing many, many secular tailwinds with a very strong pipeline, a very, very good supply line, and with a very, very lean inventory on the customer's balance sheet. So that gives me the optimism, Tore, that we're very, very well positioned coming into the new year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Yes, thank you. My question is on the trajectory of automotive versus industrial. It seems like automotive entered into an inventory correction a little bit later, and so far, has been much less severe. I guess you sort of talked about some ongoing headwinds in that space. Can you just talk about what overall drawdown might you expect in automotive and where are we in customers kind of growing down safety stock inventory
Richard Puccio : So, Joe, this is Rich, and I'll take a crack at that one. So, I'll just level set a little bit from our perspective. And what we're seeing in the market cars continue to become more electric and software-defined, which is also driving our semi-content growth, largely trying to address increased battery densities, more sensors displays. And we do expect that is going to be a long-term tailwind to our business. However, and this is where we're starting to see some of the pullback. The vehicle market has softened in the near-term. We're seeing our customers pull back on their production. And at this point, we're seeing them start to choose to burn off some inventory. So we are seeing that, right? The softness is evidence in our results. Auto has been down year-over-year for two straight quarters and we expect it will be down again in 4Q. And from a bookings perspective, we did see a decline in bookings in auto. In particular, we've seen inventory digestion in our legacy auto and in our BMS portfolios. And we expect that's going to continue into at least the fourth quarter, particularly when you consider the challenging purchasing environment that currently exists for customers. However, to your question around the peak to trough unless our returns to pandemic levels, we don't see the peak to trough being nearly as dramatic as we saw in our other end markets. The underlying secular growth trends that I described driving higher semi content. Also, we've continued to see more penetration and value capture across all vehicle types, whether it's ICE, plug-in hybrid of electric or full electric in the fastest growing applications. If you think about that, ADAS, digital cockpit and electrification. So we will be down, but we don't expect that the cycle depth to be as severe as we saw, for example, in industrial.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you very much. And I guess as a follow-up, are you seeing that behavior any different regionally? Is the China automotive market different than the western markets in terms of where they are?
Vincent Roche: No, I'll say overall, it's pretty unanimous across all markets. I'd say China, all of us did okay. We talked about some design and branding there, so that's helping offset some of the softness. But it's an overall comment, auto is a bit weaker today than it was 90 days ago, whether it's North America, Europe or Asia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Vince, glad to hear about your optimism about turning the cyclical corner. Do you think the environment allows for sequential growth to continue into Q1? Seems like industrial could grow, autos, I'm not sure, given some of the bookings commentary. And consumer tends to be down seasonally. So just conceptually, how should we model the shape of this recovery into Q1? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yes, well, at this point it's hard to call, given that the environment is still a little, let's say, a bit of disequilibrium, but I think generally speaking, we would probably expect to see a bit of a seasonal decline in the first quarter, and then a bounce back in the second, and I think that's the sentiment, but overall I maintain my outlook that we will see a brisk growth year in 25.
Richard Puccio : And then I'll help you out a little bit on the seasonality question. It's been a few years now since we've seen seasonal trends in our business. You're right. If you look back over the past 10, 15 years for ADI, consumers down 10%-plus sequentially in 1Q, and the BV markets of industrial, auto, and comms are down low single digits, as Vince said, there's probably no belief today that we'd be any better than seasonal given where we are today, but we'll update you in 90 days of how we feel about 1Q.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think the big modulator for us will be what happens in industry in particular, and what I can tell you is that the various C-suite conversations I've had with our industrial customers would suggest that their optimism is also strong for 25.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I just wanted to ask on that answer. So you were above seasonal in fiscal Q3 or above seasonal in fiscal Q4. Sounds like you're not willing to commit that you're going to be above seasonal in fiscal Q1. The street's modeling like 5% or 6% above seasonal for fiscal Q1. Was there something that happened in bookings? Did bookings like slow in the last couple of weeks or the last month or something to make you not want to commit to the fact that fiscal Q1 would be above seasonal or just that it's 90 days away and you just don't want to comment on it? Thanks.
Vincent Roche: I'll start out on the street expectations and then Rich talk a little about bookings. We never guided 1Q. I think the street makes up -- the street expectation for 1Q. I think the street is of everyone better than seasonal for a calendar 4Q or a fiscal 1Q. I would hope of a snapback. I would say, yes, there are things that have changed in 90 days, but we're optimistic about 25 and full year. We just don't know if it's above seasonal in that outlook for a good year in 25. I'll pass it to Rich to go through some of the bookings dynamics.
Richard Puccio : Yes, so from a bookings perspective up until Q2, as we talked about, we'd seen three straight quarters of broad-based bookings improvement. However, Q3 was different. We saw continued bookings growth for industrial, consumer, and communications, but we did see automotive orders decline, which resulted in a modest drop in our total bookings during the quarter. We did still end with a book to bill around parity. If I look at it from a geographic perspective, regionally bookings were the weakest in Europe. Americas was modestly weaker, which offset bookings growth in Asia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. It was good to see inventory on your balance sheet come down again, and you guys spoke to channel inventory coming down as well. As you look forward, what are your thoughts on utilization rates internally? How are you engaging with your foundry partners, and what's embedded in your October quarter outlook as it pertains to the channel? Thank you.
Richard Puccio : So, as I noted in the last call, we said both utilization and, in fact, gross margins had bottomed in Q2, and that is proving to be true. From an inventory in the channel perspective, the expectation is we will ship to end demand. We are currently at the very low end of our range in the channel at seven to eight weeks. And I think we've mentioned previously if we saw continued improvements, we would start shipping to end demand. So we will do that in the fourth quarter.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Obviously, when it comes to the balance, we have a hybrid manufacturing system which enables us to keep utilization rates as high as possible internally, and when our factories run out of capacity, then we have lots of choices externally for silicon capacity. So obviously, we've got a lot of inventory on the balance sheet, and our factories are well capable of improving utilization rates as the demand continues to improve over the coming quarters.
Toshiya Hari: As a quick follow-up, I think your internal utilization rates last quarter were in the mid-50s, if I'm not mistaken. Are you at or above 60% at this point, or if you can comment on that.
Richard Puccio : We have to be -- given our look at the utilization towards as we give the rate, I would say there were lower last score to move in higher here in 3Q and 4Q, and there were well off the normal level, they're all called 85% to 90% utilization.
Toshiya Hari: Got it, thank you.
Richard Puccio : And then I'll give you some context -- I'll give you some little context. What does this mean as utilization ramp? What does that mean for gross margins? If you look at the decline of gross margins over the past year or so, about half the decline relates to utilization, the other half relates to mix. So you can see as you listen, pick up what that means for gross margin expansion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you could give us a little more granularity on the segment guide for next quarter. And then you said industrial, and I think consumer up and auto down. Any more for the color, like is consumer usually up, is it up double digits, is industrial up mid-single, auto down by low single, like any further color you could give us on the segments would be helpful.
Vincent Roche: Sure, Stacy, I'll grab that one. Yes, so let's start with consumer. You're right, consumer's up about double digits, about 10% or so embedded in our outlook. Industrial's had another also solid growth quarter, probably high single digits sequentially. We had cases about flattish plus minus, depending on kind of how things go here, and although the weak market as we discussed and hit a little bit earlier on the call, probably down low single digits sequentially.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's helpful. If I could have a quick follow up, just how are you thinking about OpEx growth in the next quarter? It was pretty well under control this quarter. Is there anything that drives that up? Like what do you think about the OpEx trends as we're going to the end of the year?
Richard Puccio : So Stacy, I'll take that one. So obviously we exceeded the high end of our outlook in the third quarter, given the beat on gross margin and revenue as well as our continued cost management. Our Q4 guide obviously does imply a modest margin contraction sequentially despite our expectation for higher revenue and gross margin. The main driver of that is our increase for merit increases that will go into effect during the fourth quarter. So that will be a downward pressure as we head into the fourth quarter.
Vincent Roche: I mean, the big margin on our OpEx, Stacey, is obviously the bonus. And that obviously with declining profit and revenue over the past several quarters, that dropped accordingly. Now, with increase, with growth in revenue and improvement in profitability that will obviously increase. But that's self-funding, so to speak.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. How much do the OpEx go up then?
Vincent Roche: For our fourth quarter outlook, Id say sequentially increase in our OpEx around 5%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christ Danley with Citigroup.
Christopher Danley: Thanks guys. First, just a little clarification on inventory in the auto market. Vince, I said it, I think at the beginning you talked about inventory is very lean out there, but then you're also saying that there's inventory digestion going on in the automotive market. Can you just expand on that a little bit?
Richard Puccio : Dan, I'll grab that, and then Vince, talk about the overall customer inventory. Yes, I think every market spawned in different cases of inventory digestion. We feel good about industrial consumer comms have really normalized inventory levels. There are pockets on the auto side that's still, I'll call it digesting. I mean, production levels have been cut over the past quarter, whether it's an ICE car or an EV car. That impact inventory levels and desire to hold inventory on their balance sheets. From that standpoint, Chris, I don't know, Vince, if you have anything to add.
Vincent Roche: I think, Chris, overall, we've seen the worst is behind us, I think, in the industrial consumer and comms market. But automotive, I think, is a sector where we will see some inventory digestion issues into at least the early part of 2025.
Christopher Danley: Great. Thanks. That's helpful. And then just a quick clarification on industrial. How would you characterize your, I guess, booking/ visibility on the industrial market now versus three months ago? Is it roughly the same, or has it improved a little bit?
Richard Puccio : Hey, Chris, it's Rich. I would say visibility is pretty consistent. And as we talked about, we're seeing continuing growth sequentially across all of the sub-elements of industrial with the exception of automation, which we are seeing improvements, but not yet seeing growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So for fiscal 23, China domestic consumption, I think was about 18% of their total revenues, it was the worst performing geography. Last couple of quarters where bookings in China have been growing sequentially. Did that translate into sequential revenue growth out of the region in the July quarter? And then it looks like orders from the China region grew sequentially in July. How are they trending so far quarter-to-date? Are you still seeing sort of positive signs out of this region?
Vincent Roche: Yes, we continue to see strong performance from a bookings perspective in China. We did see double digit growth across industrial, auto and comms being slightly offset by a decrease in consumer. So China does continue to perform well. And our design win and our pipeline there are very strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Butler with TD Cowen.
Joshua Butler: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Maybe you can walk through some of the puts and takes into gross margin into the October quarter. Back the envelope, I'm getting to roughly stable sequentially despite the revenue increase and I imagine utilization is improving as well. How much of that is mixed? And in particular, is there any changes in the pricing environment as we get sort of through this digestion into what I would imagine is a more competitive environment. Thank you.
Richard Puccio : Yes. I'd say it's, as we previously mentioned, it is significantly impacted by the favorable mix. Obviously, we get a benefit out of the revenue upside. From a pricing perspective, and I've talked about this before, we continue to see pretty stable pricing, and I do expect that to continue. Obviously, it's different by geography and for big and small customers, but on balance, we are continuing to see stable pricing, and I expect we will see that going forward.
Vincent Roche: Once our products are installed in a particular customer's design, they tend to, in the industrial business, they will stay for decades, and pricing is very, very stable there. Where the pricing, or the competitiveness, is for new sockets, new wins, but nothing is new there. Now, we as a company -- we play in the high end of the game in terms of innovation, service, support, and so on and so forth. So that's the game we play. In the game we will continue to play. We significantly higher ASPs than most. And those ASPs increase with each new generation of product. So I think overall, as Rich said, the pricing environment is stable. And so I don't see that as a headwind on margin.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Josh. I think that's all the time we have for questions today. I thought we had a little more time, but it's August. You guys can go out there and enjoy the weather a bit. So thanks for joining us, all. We look forward to future calls with you guys, and have a great rest of summer.
Vincent Roche: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices Conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices' Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Judy. And good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter fiscal 2024 conference call. With me on the call today, ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche; and ADIs CFO, Richard Puccio. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it in relating financial schedules and investor.analog.com. Onto the disclosures, information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release and our periodic reports and other materials follow the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information, as these statements reflect our expectations only as a date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update the statements except as required by law. Revenue, adjusted gross margin, operating and non-operating expenses, operating margin, tax rate, EPS and free cash flow in our comment today will be on non-GAAP basis, which excludes special items. When comparing our results to historic performance. Special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thank you very much, Mike. Good morning, and a big welcome to you all. In the second quarter, a strong focus execution resulted in revenue of $2.16 billion, with profitability and earnings per share finishing above the high-end of our outlook. With 2Q now behind us, we believe, we've passed the low point of this cycle. Notably, global manufacturing PMIs, which are highly correlated with our core business are improving, customer inventories are stabilizing and our bookings have improved for a third consecutive quarter. Our growing optimism remains guarded, however, as short-term economic and geopolitical uncertainty persists. As such, we will continue to manage the near-term with great discipline, as we fund and execute against our longer-term strategic priorities to drive increasing levels of value for all of our stakeholders. With that framing, I'd like to share some examples with you of how we are continuing to strengthen ADI's high performance franchise across all markets and creating unique growth drivers that will be additive to what we hope will be a strong cyclical recovery. For example, in healthcare, we have exciting wins in areas such as the rapidly expanding surgical robotics market, where the performance of our precision signal processing and connectivity solutions is critical. In the fast growing, continuous glucose monitoring space, we've won multiple opportunities across several customers. Our unique digitally enabled analog front end solutions increase the accuracy and power efficiency of sensors and extend battery life from days to weeks. In industrial automation, the growth of the digital factory is accelerating upgrades to higher bandwidth, deterministic industrial Ethernet that can support up to 10x the number of edge devices across the factory floor. We believe our leadership position with key customers will create a durable revenue stream, beginning next year that can grow to several hundreds of millions of dollars as deployments ramp over time. Turning to automotive. Our solid performance is being driven by the proliferation of higher content vehicles that use more power management, more connectivity and an increasing number of sensor platforms that open new signal processing opportunities for ADI. The increasing content per vehicle is a pervasive trend across all vehicle types combustion engines, hybrids and full EVs. For example, in advanced safety, we've increased our GMSL design wins from 12 to 15 of the top 20 OEMs, and expanded our engagements at two European and one Korean OEM, who intend to deploy our high performance, high bandwidth connectivity solution across a larger share of their fleets. We've also seen strong attach for functionally safe power, which is used with sensors and displays in ADAS systems and recently increased share at the leading global car manufacturer. In electrification, we've expanded our battery management system share at leading Chinese OEMs and more than doubled our BMS share in upcoming European OEM model launches, and two manufacturers intend to deploy our higher content wireless solutions starting next year. Now I'd like to use the rest of my prepared comments today to share our perspective on the role that artificial intelligence is playing and will play at ADI in the future. This technology has clearly reached a tipping point and our AI opportunity spans from sensor to cloud. While we've been adding algorithmic and software intelligence to our products now for decades, we've expanded the scope and pace of our investments in recent years. Today, we are increasingly leveraging AI in and around our products, as well as in our operations to more fully meet our customers' needs and extend our industry leadership. We're deploying AI internally to help to accelerate engineering development, enhance manufacturing efficiency and create a better customer experience. But the majority of our activities are centered around product portfolio innovations that position us to take advantage of AI's enormous potential. We see this business opportunity coming in two distinct waves. The first wave focused on infrastructure is now underway and as we all know is growing very rapidly. In order to tackle the intensified energy and processing demands of AI compute systems, data center customers are investing in new vertical power architectures. As we highlighted previously, our vertical power technology, which can reduce power losses by up to 35% compared to existing architectures is gaining traction with hyperscalers. We continue to leverage our heterogeneous integration expertise to create more efficient, smaller vertical power solutions that deliver more value and enable us to capture more share in this nascent space. Power efficient computing though is just one challenge the AI ecosystem faces. Data must also be transported efficiently, securely and at much, much greater speeds. This is driving wireline customers to upgrade connectivity infrastructure, sparking a transition to 800 gigabit and 1.6 terabit optical modules. At the electro optical interface, our ability to provide high performance solutions that integrate analog, digital and memory in a reduced form factor is indeed a key differentiator. Our high precision controller was recently designed into a 1.6 terabit optical module used in the next gen AI systems of the high performance compute leader. In industrial, AI is fueling extraordinary demand for high bandwidth memory and high performance compute. This in turn is driving a new growth vector for our instrumentation and test business, particularly in SoC and memory test. We are working with key players globally to enable faster digital scan speeds, higher channel density and the improved energy efficiency necessary to scale production of AI systems. The significantly greater amount of ADI content in these systems is positioning our high performance compute and memory test sectors for record revenues in the near to mid-term. The opportunity ahead for ADI is to compound the impact of this first wave by bringing application-specific AI models and high performance compute right down to the physical edge, creating greater system value with added improvements in latency, power efficiency, security and cost. Let me share some examples of how we are working to amplify the second wave. For example, in acoustic systems, we are combining our application specific algorithms with ultra-low energy processing hardware to enrich our audio platform offerings. We are also developing a mixed signal processor with embedded neural networks that enable a system to learn and adapt to the highly variable nature of sound in real time. Excitingly, we have strong traction with multiple customers in this area. Now in the same vein, we're leveraging our rich domain expertise with our growing processing capabilities to enhance our advanced connectivity platform in next generation 5G radios. For example, we've implemented the first AI enabled technology, combining an energy efficient real time neural network with an AI assisted development tool to give customers the ability to solve their linearization challenges in a fraction of the time. In our power management platform, we're using AI to address the arduous challenge of tuning power trees for volatile consumption patterns in data centers. Our solutions reduce complexity for power engineers and compress the time required from weeks to hours, helping to lower costs, and of course, accelerate time to market. The ADI is always operated at the physical edge, where the world's most important real data is born. As multimodal AI becomes more pervasive at the edge and a diversity of sensor types is used to unearth deeper insights, we expect to see an explosion of demand that will accelerate growth for our broad signal chain, as well as power portfolios. In short, ADI's AI future looks bright across the continuum of sensor to cloud. In closing, I'm very proud of how our team has executed in one of the largest downturns the semiconductor industry has seen. More importantly, I've never been more excited about how we are positioned for the future and what it holds for ADI. With that, I'm going to hand it over to Rich.
Richard Puccio: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our second quarter earnings call. As a reminder, our first quarter 2024 was a 14 week quarter, so we are going to limit our comparisons this quarter to year-over-year only. Second quarter revenue of $2.16 billion finished above the midpoint of our outlook. This result was down 34% year-over-year. Industrial represented 47% of revenue in the quarter and was down 44% year-over-year. As expected, all applications were impacted by inventory digestion. However, aerospace and defense revenues outperformed broader industrial. Automotive represented 30% of revenue and was down 10% year-over-year. Continued growth in our leading connectivity and functionally safe power franchises balanced broad-based declines elsewhere. Communications represented 11% of revenue and was down 45% year-over-year. Inventory digestion and weaker demand impacted both our wireline and wireless businesses. Lastly, consumer represented 11% of revenue and was down 9% year-over-year with growth in portables, partially offsetting declines across other applications. Now let's move from the top-line to the rest of the P&L. Second quarter gross margin was 66.7%, down sequentially and year-over-year, driven by unfavorable mix, lower revenue and lower utilization as we continue to reduce inventory. Operating expenses in the quarter were $598 million, down significantly year-over-year, driven by lower variable compensation and strong organization wide execution on cost control. Operating margin of 39% exceeded the high end of our outlook. Non-operating expenses finished at $64 million and the tax rate for the quarter was 10.6%. The net result was EPS of $1.40 above the high end of our outlook. Our financial position is solid, and I'd like to call out a few items from our balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended Q2 with more than $2.3 billion of cash and short-term investments and a net leverage ratio of 1.1. During the quarter, we raised $1.1 billion of debt for general corporate purposes, including upcoming debt maturities. Inventory decreased $74 million sequentially, and days declined to 192 from 201. As planned, we have reduced channel inventory this quarter with weeks ending at approximately eight. Operating cash flow for the quarter and trailing 12 months was $0.8 billion and $4.3 billion respectively. CapEx for the quarter and trailing 12 months was $188 million and $1.2 billion respectively. We continue to expect fiscal '24 CapEx to be roughly $700 million, which is a reduction of approximately 45% versus 2023, as our hybrid manufacturing investment cycle tapers. Not included in these figures are the benefits from both the European and U.S. CHIPS acts. During the last 12 months, we generated $3.1 billion of free cash flow or 29% of revenue. Over the same time period, we have returned roughly 110% of our free cash flow via dividends and share repurchases. As a reminder, our policy is to return 100% of free cash flow to our shareholders over the long-term. Now I'll turn to the third quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be $2.27 billion plus or minus $100 million, up 5% sequentially at the midpoint. Once again, we expect sell through to be higher than sell in. At the midpoint, we expect all B2B markets to increase sequentially with the fastest growth in industrial, and for consumer to exhibit seasonal strength. Operating margin is expected to be 40% plus or minus 100 basis points. Our tax rate is expected to be between 11% 13%, and based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.50 plus or minus $0.10. Before passing it back to Mike to begin Q&A, I'll share some final thoughts on our near-term. As Vince indicated, we believe we are at the beginning of a cyclical recovery as our bookings increased throughout the quarter and we exited 2Q with a book-to-bill above parity for the first time in well over a year. No doubt cyclical transitions can be challenging, but they also provide opportunity for outsized business acceleration when approached with a balance of fiscal discipline, smart risk taking and strong execution. ADI has always excelled in these areas and we look forward to driving outstanding value for our stakeholders in the quarters to come. With that, I'll pass it back to Mike for Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Rich. Let's get to the Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to 1 question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question, please re-queue and we'll take your question if time allows. With that, we will have our first question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on finding the recovery here. I had a question about the outlook for Q3, specifically in Industrial. I think you indicated that, you expect Industrial to be the strongest performer this quarter. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what's behind that strength between end market demands, inventory replenishment and if there's any sub-segments within industrial that's driving that outperforming growth?
Richard Puccio: Sure, Tore. This is Rich, and I'll take that one. Industrial obviously is our most diversified and profitable end market, and it's weathered an unprecedented broad-based inventory correction over the past year. Importantly, we expect Q2 was the bottom for industrial and it will grow in the second half starting here in 3Q. Stronger PMIs are supporting the broad-based bookings we've seen for the three consecutive quarters now. As mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are planning to reduce channel inventory further in Q3, which impacts industrial more than any other market. This will be more than a year of under shipping consumptions, one reason we believe inventory headwinds have stabilized for industrial. Given these dynamics and the exciting design wins and AI related tailwinds in our instrumentation and test business, which Vince alluded to, we feel strongly we are at the beginning of the industrial recovery.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think one other piece of color, Tore, is that, the obviously, the aerospace and defense business is doing well. We've a lot of high prospects for that over the coming years. But I think, in general, geographically, it's been on the upward in terms of demand and across most of the segments, and particularly the ones that Rich pointed out.
Michael Lucarelli: Tore, on the outlook comment, you're right. Just to clarify what we said, of the B2B markets, industrial grow the fastest, consumer will grow faster than industrial in 3Q. If you want to just kind of back it down a little bit, consumer is probably growing about 10% sequentially and industrial is probably closer to mid-single-digits and the other two markets are probably a little bit below that industrial level, but all markets should grow in 3Q.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the book-to-bill. It's above one. Is it above one in all the segments, or is it just above one in industrial?
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, sure. It's actually good question. It's above one in all end markets. Not all applications within end markets are above one though. And if you think about the shape of that bookings throughout the quarter, we talked about last earnings call, bookings improved. It started below parity and exit the quarter above parity and that's across all markets and geographies. But again, I reiterate, it's not all applications and we talked a little bit about on the last question about what applications are above one. You can think of some instrumentation, some automation, some aerospace and defense within industrial. Broad-based improvement in bookings across all market geographies is really the main takeaway.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the back half of the calendar year and how you're thinking about the shape of the recovery. Vince, you've lived through many cycles. I think typically the same way we underestimate the magnitude of the pace of the downturn, we collectively underestimate the pace of the upturn. I'm curious if you expect this upturn to be similar to past cycles and we kind of follow those patterns or do you see anything in the marketplace today or anything from customers that would indicate something materially different in terms of the shape of the upturn? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Toshiya. Look, first off, we believe we've seen the bottom of the cycle. As Mike indicated, the stronger PMIs that we've seen, particularly in the industrial sector, give us a lot of confidence, and there's a strong correlation between our industrial business, which is about half of the company's total revenue. As we've said now a few times, bookings and backlog coverage for the next several months beyond this quarter would give us strong indications that we expect continued growth during the second half of the year. I'll also point out, I think for 2025, we will have a brisk growth year, that's my sense. We are asked all the time, what's the shape going to be? I don't really know what the exact shape is going to be, but I think we're on the upward trajectory. We have confidence in that across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Vince, what is the right way to understand the true change in end demand, if we set aside all the inventory fluctuations? For example, is it worthwhile seeing what the distribution sell through do year-on-year in Q2? What is the assumption for Q3? Does that inform us in any way about can Q4 be seasonal, whatever is the version of seasonality? I'm just trying to see, the right apples-to-apples way of looking at what is end demand doing, setting aside all this inventory noise.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Look, I think it's very hard to answer that question, simply because when history is written, we're going to get the average of what's happened pre-pandemic and post-pandemic. There's been so much ringing in the system, demand overshoot and then demand undershoot. But my sense is, certainly from our perspective, I think we are very well-positioned to be able to capture the upside if things grow faster than we expect. We have got a lot of inventory on the balance sheet. We've kept inventory closer to ADI less downstream. We've got as well a tailwind here from AI, which I think is going to be a multi-year tailwind. We have got that pushing us along. But at the same time, still we've got high interest rates, we've got still relatively high inflation in many places. I think ultimately the size of the recovery and the pace of the recovery will have a strong economic and geopolitical tone to it. But, overall, my sense is, we'll see good growth for the remainder of this year and strong growth in 2025. Beyond that, I think we've got many, many growth drivers that we feel very confident about. We're selling more value into each of our customers and each of our segments. I feel good about the place that semis are in as an industry right now as well in terms of overall demand, as the edge becomes more intelligent and the cloud builds out. But very, very hard to give you an answer on the puts and takes. I mean, the dynamics of the relatively near-term are hard to decode. But what we can tell you is, given where PMIs are at, given where our demand is at, we are in a recovery phase.
Richard Puccio: Vince, I would add to that. While it's impossible to get perfect visibility into our end customer inventory, certainly the signals that we monitor tell us that, customer inventories are much healthier than they were previously as we enter the second half. This is also aided by our belief that, we have been under shipping under consumption for over a year now both in the channel and direct.
Vivek Arya: But that's Quantification, right, of what the sell through has been in the reported quarters year-on-year?
Vincent Roche: Yes. I can help you out there, Vivek. I think your question is kind of what sell in versus sell through. We talked about last year. We talked about reducing the channel inventory by about $100 million. We achieved that in our 2Q. We actually did a little better than that. As you look to 3Q, we'll reduce channel dollars again, but not by that much, not nearly $100 million, much less than $100 million. So, we're getting more normal in the channel as our weeks are coming down into our target range. That normalization is helping some of the growth, but sell through is also increasing in 3Q from 2Q, which is really how we drive the business and look at for indication. As you fast forward to 4Q, if these bookings continue, we don't know. There's no reason to think we won't be more in balance in 4Q from a ship in versus ship out perspective as well, and then we'll see how 1Q goes from there. I think that's kind of the question you're asking is, there's piece Rich talked about and Vince talked about the customer's inventory that's leading out. If you look at us and what we're shipping in the channel that's also normalizing setting us up for a good second half in 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Danley from Citigroup.
Christopher Danley: Can you talk about the gross margin drivers from here? Maybe touch on utilization rates and inventory trends and some of your competitors have talked about pricing returning to historical norms. If that happens, can you still get the gross margins back to the previous peak?
Richard Puccio: Sure. I'll take that one. From a gross margin and utilization perspective, we talked a little bit about this in the first quarter call. We expect both utilization and gross margin bottomed in our Q2. However, we do expect the pace of gross margin expansion in the second half to be modest. Specifically for Q3, we anticipate gross margin a bit above 67%. Looking from here, gross margins expansion is going to be dictated by continued revenue growth, mix of business and utilization. From a balance sheet perspective, since our peak in Q3, we've reduced balance sheet inventory significantly, including over $70 million in Q2. For the third quarter, we expect to reduce inventory again by a lesser amount than in Q2. Overall, we executed pretty strongly against our inventory reduction goals, while mitigating the impact on gross margin, leveraging our dynamic hybrid manufacturing model. One of the things that's been super helpful in protecting us in this trough is the flexibility to swing capacity back into our fabs to help to maintain utilization. We've done that effectively, which is why we called the floor on utilization. I expect that utilizations as the demand continues to increase will start to increase and aid in our margin expansion. From a channel, as Mike mentioned, from a channel perspective, our goal was to reduce by $100 million we achieved. We will reduce an additional amount in Q3 to a lesser degree. Ultimately, we expect that this will get us firmly back into our target range of seven to eight weeks of inventory in the channel.
Vincent Roche: Let me make a comment on the pricing side of things. Across the portfolio, our pricing has been very, very stable and I expect that to continue. Our products are very sticky. The franchise is very, very diversified. It's got lots of long life products in it. We tend to hang on to our sockets for, I think, on an average more than a decade. Clearly, where the competition is for the new sockets. But ADI has the premier innovation system in the analog mixed signal space and we have been pushing that innovation. While others are focused on volume, we're focused on value. I think it's a very, very different approach to things. We are not a commodity supplier at all. So we are not immune to price pressure, but we are more protected I think and we have better meat because of the innovation that we generate. I'll note as well, our ASPs are more than 4x the average. It's our innovation premium that enables us as well to capture more value and to produce the kind of gross margins that that we do.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Congrats on marking the trough and turning the corner. Vince, I wanted to ask a bigger picture question. I think it's been four years since you guys bought Maxim and I believe it was four years prior to that with Linear. How are you looking at the M&A environment? Are there any kind of pieces to the puzzle that you wish you had?
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Ross. We've always acquired assets that get ADI ahead of customers' needs. We tend to take a long-term view, get ahead of our customers' needs. Obviously, we've been very, very selective. I will say, Ross, it's fair to say that, in terms of scale and scope of analog high performance franchise, we are where we need to be. Analog mixed signal power, we've got a wonderful power franchise now. But we've been adding, I alluded in my remarks or stated in my prepared remarks that, we have been putting more software content, more digital content and we've also been for about seven or eight years now developing machine learning, neural networking capability. Those are areas where as the world becomes more and more software defined, that is clearly an area where ADI has been organically investing. We've done some more tuck-in type acquisitions as well that help us in that area. But I think right now, we are really focused on making sure that, we fully capture all the synergies, from the revenue synergies from Maxim. But we're always looking, by the way. We're always looking for assets. But clearly I think analog is complete and it's other areas we're now looking.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis from Evercore ISI.
Mark Lipacis: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Vince, it's for you, I think. If you look at your -- if you adjust your revenues for the step function increase that you had for pricing, it looks like on a unit basis, you're shipping 25% below the trend line. I don't think you shipped that far below your long-term trend line since the world financial crisis. At the same time that's happening, you talked about your customers lowering, the supply chain lowering inventories, you are lowering inventories. It seems like there's a real risk that the industry is setting up for you and the industry is setting up for like a really tight supply environment, maybe even as they're early as the end of this year or early next year. I'm wondering, how do you think is there a risk that we enter that kind of a scenario? It seems like your customers never learn about trying to get their inventories right and the order see you on time. Is there something that's changed in your operations that will enable you to adjust to that, what has historically happened, which is your customers overshoot on the downside on their inventories and then come in at the last second when things are really tight?
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, yes, I think surging demand is a problem of a high quality. And as -- we have virtually 200 days of inventory in our balance sheet, stage primarily at the die socket level. So that gives us a tremendous amount of output that we could bring within weeks to the market. It's a question of packaging and test to a first approximation. Obviously, we're carrying finished goods as well. We have also spent $2.5 billion plus on making sure that we have internal capacity in our 4 internal fabs to be able to meet the demands across the nodes that produce most of the revenue for ADI. We've got great partners, partners like TSMC, for example, who are a critical part of our hybrid manufacturing model. So I think in terms of the ability to be able to address a really short order snapback is good, just given the coverage that we've got with internal inventories. Our distributors are carrying virtually 8 weeks as well as inventory. And then we've got all this new capacity. We've more than doubled the internal capacity on the critical nodes that address every single market that we that we participate in. So I think in terms of manufacturing agility, inventories, we're in good shape.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Great job on the quarterly execution. Within your distribution business, it's about 60% of your overall revenues. You can monitor sell-through in near real-time which allows the team to tightly control the inventories into this channel. On the direct business, less visibility on consumption levels of inventory here. I think direct customer orders to you are probably the best indicator of where they are in terms of their inventory targets. So is the return to quarter-on-quarter growth in July and second half optimism on growth being driven by order growth at direct customers as well? And then just any qualitative differences on the residual excess inventory distri versus direct?
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, Harlan, it's Mike. Yes, the direct order we talked about our -- direct orders as well as channel orders, but what's driving the growth is direct sales, out of the channel on a sell-through basis as well imaged directly to our end customers. So yes, it's not about -- we're not growing because the channel is refilling. We're growing because there's real demand out there on the end market level across all of our markets.
Richard Puccio: We expect to reduce both balance sheet and channel inventory further in Q3 while growing.
Michael Lucarelli: Did that [indiscernible] to your question, Harlan?
Harlan Sur: Yes, it does.
Michael Lucarelli: We'll go to our last question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Moore from Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great. I wanted to also touch on your margin profile. You used to peak with operating margins in kind of the low 40s. And now you're -- as you said you would, in a very difficult trough, you're troughing for the full year, probably above 40%. So that's pretty good structural improvement. Can you talk about that, what's going on if you sort of look over a decade, why is your through-cycle margin profile going up so much?
Richard Puccio: Yes. So I think a couple of things, right? As we talked about -- the resiliency of our manufacturing process allows us to swing capacity in and out which allows us to offset some of the down cycle pressure on margins because we're able to keep utilization at a higher level given that swing capacity. Obviously, we continue to look for productivity and are executing on productivity improvements across all of our internal fabs. So I think that helps. And then if you think at an overall operating margin perspective, we've been demonstrating and we'll continue to demonstrate pretty strong operational control over expenses. Look, we expect we'll continue to see expansion in the margin as we grow and as revenue returns to a growth phase, we will get comfortably back into our long-term margin model.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think, Joe, as well, in addition to what Rich has said, it's important to point out that, first and foremost, we're innovation-centered, and if you look at the vintage bands of our products in each of the segments, the big segments that we address, industrial, automotive, consumer and communications, we're seeing ASP increases year-on-year. We're putting more value into our products. We're capturing more value. So I think that is kind of the root of things when I look forward. That's -- I mean that's what's happening to -- that's the origin, if you like, of the margin story for ADI. Our diversity helps us a lot. Our franchise isn't as price-sensitive as many. And as I said earlier, the life cycles matter. When we get our products designed in the pricing is tremendously stable. The other thing that's been happening from a price dynamic over the last several years is that whereas Moore's Law kind of taught everybody that we could give back a lot of the value that was generated in prior years, in the New Year. That has stopped. We asymptote roughly to zero now. We don't give price away. We compete for sockets, computed innovation, but that is really the origin of ADI's margin story.
Michael Lucarelli: All right. Thank you, Joe, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website, and all reconciliations are there as well. Have a great Memorial Day weekend, and thank you for listening on ADI's call.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Analog Devices First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web.  I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli : Thank you, Josh. And good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our first quarter fiscal 2024 conference call. With me on the call today, are ADIs CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche and ADIs CFO, Richard Puccio. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it in relating financial schedules and investor.analog.com.  Onto the disclosures, information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release, our periodic reports and other materials follow the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information, as these statements reflect our expectations only as a date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update the statements except as required by law.  Revenue, adjusted gross margin, operating and non-operating expenses, operating margin, tax rate, EPS and free cash flow in our comment today will be on non-GAAP basis, which excludes special items. When comparing our results to historic performance. Special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2024 was a 14-week quarter.  And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche, Vince?
Vincent Roche : Thank you very much, Mike, and good morning to you all. But before I begin, I'd like to welcome ADIs new CFO Richard Puccio to the call, which is only a few weeks in, but we're very excited to have him on board. He brings tremendous financial experience and capability from complex technology sectors, which I think will be very valuable, as we continue to extend our leadership in the Intelligent Edge era.  I'd also like to recognize Jim Mollica for serving as Interim CFO and thank Jim for his continued partnership and contributions to our success.  Now on to the results for the first quarter. ADI delivered revenue of more than $2.5 billion, operating margins of 42% and earnings per share of $1.73, all above the midpoint of our outlook. As we previously discussed, the inventory rationalization that our customers that began during the middle of 2023 is expected to continue through our second quarter. Encouragingly, first quarter bookings improved sequentially, growing our confidence that inventory related headwinds will largely subside this quarter. That said, the macro situation remains challenging, and the shape and timing of a second half recovery will be governed by underlying demand.  Importantly, the strength of our balance sheet, operational agility, and prudent capital management are serving as well during this downturn. We've invested heavily in R&D, customer engagement, activity and manufacturing resiliency, fueling our future growth, even as we maintain the industry leading profitability that supports our practice of robust capital returns. To that end, I'm pleased to highlight that we announced the 7% dividend increase yesterday, making 2024 the 20th consecutive year of higher dividends for shareholders.  Now, digging a little deeper into our investment philosophy, we continue to focus on anticipating our customers future needs. And what's becoming a software-defined AI-driven world leveraging pervasive sensing, Edge computing and ubiquitous connectivity. The technological complexity facing our customers is compounded by their need to deliver solutions that are both secure and extremely power efficient.  So let me share a little more now about how we are strategically allocating our capital to deliver more solutions value to our customers, and further support their confidence in the long-term supply assurance? Since our acquisition of Maxim, we've increased our engineering population by around 10% complementing our world class Analog talent, with increasing levels of digital software, AI, and systems expertise. This breadth of engineering gives ADI the capabilities to tackle more of our customers' challenges, and grow our sell-in across markets.  In addition, as our engineers increasingly work shoulder to shoulder with our customers to co-architect their solutions, we further deepen our understanding of their technological and market complexities. This strengthens our ability to deliver increasingly stronger innovation from components to physical Edge systems.  And I'd like to share now a few examples of what I mean. For example, in the industrial sector, digital transformation is driving investment in Edge-based connectivity and control platforms that enable secure power efficient monitoring and control of automation systems.  Last month, Honeywell announced it will use ADI's Deterministic Ethernet and software-configurable IO solutions across their factory automation and building management offerings. Our portfolio enables customers to securely deliver end-to-end signal integrity between the Edge and the cloud in a power efficient and highly flexible platform configuration. This system approach enables us to capture three times more value, and we expect additional design wins due to high customer interest globally.  In the automotive sector, we've aligned our business to the second are trends of electrification, advanced safety systems, and immersive digital in-cabin experience. For example, our Gigabit Multimedia Serial Link or GMSL Solution continues to gain broader adoption, as customers seek to extend high performance data and video capabilities across their fleets. Weve recently increased our share at a top three global auto manufacturer extending our position across all their brands and quintupling our GMSL opportunity at that customer.  In datacenters, AI and machine learning computing systems require orders of magnitude more processing and thus energy, compared to traditional workloads. Our portfolio of high-performance power and protection solutions, specifically designed for vertical power delivery is helping customers re-architect their datacenter systems to improve power delivery and system performance. Last quarter, we secured a significant design win from a large hyperscale customer for our multiphase vertical power solution that reduces power losses by 35% when compared to conventional ones. In Healthcare, this market continues to digitalize to enable more predictive and preventative treatment regimens. ADI has been on the forefront of this transition, and I'm pleased to let you know that we've recently received FDA clearance for a non-invasive remote monitoring platform, that enables home-based management of chronic diseases such as congestive heart failure. This solution leverages our deep domain expertise, leading-edge capabilities across signal processing and sensor modalities, and unique algorithms that enable medical providers to act early, precisely and effectively.  As a platform, this also allows us in the future to use our data-driven AI algorithms to make this even more personalized. This advance unlocks a new growth vector for ADI, adding more than $5 billion of new sell-in. Switching now to the evolution of our supply chain, I'd like to share some of our progress in manufacturing resilience, which is a growing priority for our customers. Over the last two years, we've invested record levels of CapEx to expand our capacity and to enhance resiliency. Now with line of sight to achieving our goal of doubling front and back-end internal capacity in 2025 and will begin to significantly reduce our capital spend. Notably, approximately 10% of our investments have been focused on implementing more efficient systems that will deliver sustainability benefits, including greatly reducing input resources and emissions, which, overtime, will also lower our operating costs.  These investments enable a more flexible hybrid manufacturing model and will increase our swing capacity to around 70% of revenue in the coming years. This unique ability helps to capture the upside in strong demand backdrops and better protect our gross margins during more challenging times. Complementing these organic investments, we also extended our foundry partnership with TSMC to secure additional 300-millimeter fine-pitch technology capacity at their Japan subsidiary. Our investments, combined with the support of our foundry partners will enable us to manufacture our products in multiple geographic locations, enhancing our resiliency and giving our customers greater optionality and assurance over their supply chains. So in closing, as always, we're keeping one eye on the present and one eye on the future. I have confidence in the steps that we're taking to preserve our capital and navigate the near term challenges while ensuring that we make the necessary investments to increase our competitiveness and accelerate our business in the future. And so with that, I'd like to pass the microphone over to Rich.
Richard Puccio : Thank you, Vince. And let me add my welcome to our first quarter earnings call. I'm excited to have joined ADI and look forward to helping the company navigate the near term while ensuring we are well positioned to capitalize on the tremendous opportunities ahead of us.  Despite continued challenging business conditions, we achieved first quarter revenue, which was slightly above the midpoint of our outlook or down 8% sequentially and 23% year-over-year. Industrial represented 48% of revenue in the quarter, down 12% sequentially and 31% year-over-year. As expected, we experienced broad-based weakness as customers continue to work down their inventory levels.  Automotive, which represented 29% of revenue, was up 2% sequentially and 9% versus the year ago period, representing 14 consecutive quarters of growth. Notably our leading connectivity and functionally safe power solutions collectively increased double digits year-over-year. Communications, which represented 12% of revenue, declined 10% sequentially and 37% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, wireline fared relatively well driven by AI-related demand, while wireless decreased as global investments in 5G remain depressed.  And lastly, consumer represented 11% of revenue, down 7% sequentially and 22% year-over-year driven by continued sluggish end demand across applications.  Now on to the rest of the P&L. First quarter gross margin was 69%, down sequentially and year-over-year, driven by unfavorable mix lower revenue and lower utilization. OpEx in the quarter was $679 million, down 2% sequentially despite the extra week, driven by lower variable comp, disciplined discretionary spend and structural cost improvement. As a result, operating margin of 42% finished near the high end of our outlook.  Non-operating expenses finished at $75 million, and the tax rate for the quarter was 11.8%. All told, EPS was $1.73, slightly above the guided midpoint. Now on to the balance sheet. Cash and equivalents increased more than $340 million sequentially and ended the quarter at $1.3 billion. Our net leverage ratio remained below 1. Inventory decreased nearly $90 million sequentially, driven primarily by finished goods, while days increased to 201 due to lower revenue. Channel inventory dollars declined again in 1Q with weeks of inventory finishing slightly above our target range of seven to eight weeks. Moving on to cash flow items. Over the trailing 12 months, operating cash flow and CapEx were $4.6 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. We continue to expect fiscal 2024 CapEx to be approximately $700 million. As a reminder, these are gross CapEx figures, not including any of the anticipated benefits from both the U.S. and European Chips Act.  Over the last 12 months, we generated $3.2 billion of free cash flow or 28% of revenue. During the same time period, we have returned more than $4.2 billion through dividends and share repurchases. And since our Maxim acquisition, we have returned nearly $12 billion or more than 130% of free cash flow to shareholders, reducing share count by 8% while also increasing our dividend per share by 33%, including our most recently announced 7% increase.  As a reminder, we target 100% free cash flow return over the long term. We aim to use 40% to 60% to grow our dividend annually with the remaining free cash flow used for share count reduction. Now moving on to guidance. Second quarter revenue is expected to be $2.1 billion, plus or minus $100 million, once again, we expect sell through to be higher than sell-in. At the midpoint, we expect all end markets to decline sequentially with the largest decline in industrial as we continue to meaningfully reduce channel inventory.  Operating margin is expected to be 37%, plus or minus 100 basis points. This includes the impact of unfavorable mix and lower utilization as we further reduce balance sheet inventory. Our tax rate is expected to be 11% to 13%. And based on these inputs, EPS is expected to be $1.26 plus or minus $0.10. In closing, the actions we've taken to protect profitability in the near term as well as the natural shock absorbers embedded in ADI have enabled us to maintain strong profitability even as our quarterly revenue has fallen significantly from its peak. Importantly, with the strength of our financial profile and the growing importance of our technology, we will continue to invest confidently in our future, regardless of where we are in the cycle. I will now give it back to Mike for Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli : Thanks, Rich, and welcome to the call. Lets get into our Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have follow up question, please requeue, and well take your question if time allows. With that, we have our first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Joseph Moore : Great, thank you. You guys are guiding down now mid-30% year-on-year. If I go back to historic drawdowns, you haven't seen revenue fall that far other than 2001, 2009, where we had kind of significant demand destruction. So it kind of looks like the worst inventory correction maybe we've ever seen. Can you just talk to that? Does that reflect how much inventory excess there might have been? Or just any kind of sense check as we approach the bottom as to why the downturn looks kind of severe?
Vincent Roche : Yeah. Thanks, Joe. I think first and foremost, the -- if you like, the events that caused the supply chain fracture was unique. And every single segment was impacted every single customer, every single business. So this is truly the broadest base demand inflection I've ever seen in my 30-something years with ADI. And I've been through all those different perturbations.  So I think that's the uniqueness of the event itself, I think is what caused the level of impact. And we see everything compounded. We saw the supply chain fracture. Then we saw the shortage, and then we got the behavior that we typically see in a shortage situation. You get double ordering, you get holding. And we're seeing that everywhere. The area that we've probably seen, I would say, the biggest correction is in the industrial market. And I think our sense is that it began in the second -- kind of the second half of the past year. And that will take four to five quarters to correct, I believe, from the beginning of the decline to when we start to see growth again. So I think that's pretty much it. But now we're in a situation where the lead times are very uniform. And actually, we got ahead of the supply chain issues, I think, faster than most. We've got our lead times back into better shape than most quite quickly. And so we saw the downturn, I think, more quickly than others. So all that said, Joe, I think the underlying demand for our products and technologies in the years ahead. We remain very, very bullish about that. And I expect, as we've indicated that we'll see a return back to growth in the second half of our fiscal year.
Michael Lucarelli : Thanks, Joe. Operator, next question please?
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. You may proceed. 
Stacy Rasgon : Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Rich, I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on the segment guidance next quarter. I know you said everything down in industrial worse. But I mean like industrial has got to be down probably more than 20% sequentially, and that would probably still assume everything else is down double digit sequentially. Is that what you have in mind? And any further color you could give us would be great.
Michael Lucarelli : Yeah. I'll grab that one. It's Mike. So you're right to think industrial is the weakest. I would say, 20% sequentially, sure, you can put that number in your model if you want to, 20% plus or minus sequentially.  I would say comms is also probably worse in the midpoint of your guidance, so down more than the 16% we guided to. While auto and consumer probably do a bit better, but are both down pretty significantly sequentially as well. And really, the big driver on the industrial piece, as we laid out is the channel reduction in the -- for the inventory in the channel, which is impacting industrial more so in other markets. I hope that helps, Stacy. 
Stacy Rasgon : Yeah. 
Michael Lucarelli : Well go to the next question. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. You may proceed. 
Chris Danely : Hey, thanks, guys. Just to follow up on that question. How much of this downturn do you think is just pure inventory correction versus demand? And then any comments you could you could have on just demand trends as far as what you're hearing from the distribution channel and your customers?
Michael Lucarelli : Sure. I'll start and then I think Vince will add some clarity also on it, but this really is a supply-driven demand correction, what you're seeing here. And Vince outlined that in the answer to the first question where the supply chain fracture lead times extended for an extended period of time. Those have normalized.  We're still seeing what are happening as our customers is, they build a lot of inventory over that time. Why our lead times are extremely long. Now our lead time is back to normal, so they're seeing them reduce their balance sheet inventory to match our short lead times, so the cycle times match up. So really also a majority supply chain some demand. There's some areas of pockets of weakness in demand. But really overall, I'll call it more of a supply than demand correction in our business.  And we talked about in the script and as well the press release that supplied normalizing here in our second quarter.
Vincent Roche : Yeah. I think, Chris, if we look at the two halves of FY24, I believe the first half is all about inventory in digestion and digestion. And as Mike said, we largely get through that part of the headwind by the end of our second quarter. And then in the second half, all the indications our bookings are getting stronger, cancellations are abating. Our conversations with customers suggest that we'll begin to return to a growth pattern in the second half.  The big question is the macroeconomic dial where that's positioned. And I think at the margins, if I look at where we are this quarter versus last quarter, at least from a macro standpoint, maybe with the exception of China, we're more bullish than we were.
Chris Danely : All right. Thanks, guys. 
Michael Lucarelli : Thanks, Chris. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. You may proceed. 
Vivek Arya : Thanks for taking my question. Vince, on the last earnings call, you mentioned bookings were stabilizing. I think this quarter, you're saying bookings are improving. And I'm curious which end markets are showing the best recovery in bookings? And then importantly, how should this inform us about what ADI will see as we get into the July quarter? Should we be assuming some kind of seasonal recovery, should we assume things flatten out first?  And if I could attach kind of part B of that, which is what happens to gross margins as you start to see that flattening out and potential recovery? So just the shape of what recovery looks like in sales and margins if bookings flatten and now they seem to be improving?
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Well, I think, look, as soon as demand in flex, and we get back into a more normalized growth pattern, Vivek, everything will improve. Our utilizations will improve. We have under-shipped the channel, we've under-shipped our customers. So we've been working very, very hard in the company to make sure that when demand and flex that we will get a -- we've got the supply in place. We've got lots of finished goods and deadstock inventory. So we're in a great position to address the recovery. On the first part of your question about where are we seeing the bookings improvement, pretty much everywhere, pretty much everywhere, across all the segments. And if you look at industrial, I'd say the two healthiest parts of industrial right now is, as we message to the external world, aerospace and defense and healthcare, they've got fundamentally quite different drivers to, say, the factory automation or instrumentation business. But those two sectors are holding up better than the rest. But even in a more traditional industrial sector like instrumentation, all of these new high-performance computing systems need you test equipment, so that benefits ADI. So I think, in general, it's true to say, maybe with the exception of our wireless business, most sectors are seeing a return to a more normalized bookings pattern.
Richard Puccio : And Vivek, I'll give you a little more color on the gross margin outlook. So in the last call, we talked about gross margin will be 68% to 69%. We came in at the high end, a good result given the large drop in industrial that we've been talking about and with an inventory takedown of almost $90 million quarter-over-quarter.  The 2Q outlook implies 67% plus or minus, a bit lower than what we thought would be given the weaker revenue, especially in industrial and the fact that we're taking down factory starts further in 2Q to reduce inventory by another $50 million to $100 million. And if I think a little bit further out to the half two outlook, tough to predict right now is the revenue and the shape of the revenue recovery will be the governor on gross margin trajectory. But our best sense is gross margin trends higher in the second half, as we don't see utilization going much lower as inventory continues to decline meaningfully at these start levels and we'll continue to leverage our swing capacity.
Michael Lucarelli : And Vivek, as you asked a three-part question, I'll chime in as well for third quarter outlook. I know you gave me the outlook question. So it's hard to say, right? Our lead times are 13 weeks are lower. So we don't really have visibility into the third quarter today. But if you look back over history over the past decade, our B2B markets are about flattish sequentially in 3Q from 2Q, sometimes they're up a little bit, sometimes they're down a little bit depending where you are in the cycle, while consumers start seeing some holiday builds kind of up mid- to high single digit sequentially. So that's kind of historical context. We're not guiding in the third quarter, but that's how we should frame it. And then to add on to what Vince said about bookings. Bookings actually increased last quarter, and the quarter before that. So 4Q and 1Q bookings both improved. And what's interesting now is you look at our bookings, they're approaching parity, which is a good sign that we just see a pickup in the back half of the year.
Vivek Arya : Very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Harlan Sur : Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So if I look at fiscal '23, China was about 18% of your total revenues. It was the worst performing geography down about 13% for the full year. Because Lunar New Year was so late this year, it feels like this did add a little bit of uncertainty at the beginning of this year, but obviously, now we're post-Lunar New Year. What are the demand signs out of this region? Are orders also growing sequentially in the China regions? Are cancellations also showing signs of stabilization patterns as well? Maybe even signs of a potential pickup in the China region? Just want to get your views.
Michael Lucarelli : So if you take a step back from a geo perspective, whole regions are weak, North America, Europe, China. China has been weakest the longest, I would say. The rest of Asia is doing better than the big three, but still weak as well. And like I said, China is the weakest source of demand.  Around Chinese New Year, honestly, if there's something unique about it, we called out. But I think what Vince said in the last question basically was bookings are improving globally as well as in China before and after this year. So really no impact from Chinese New Year and kind of the commentary we've made.
Harlan Sur : Perfect. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Toshiya Hari : Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. Vince, I'm curious how you would characterize sell-through today versus sell-in. I think at a conference a couple of months ago, you had mentioned that sell-in was tracking 15% to 20% below sell-through. Is that still the right ballpark number? And is that what you're seeing in the current quarter? And I guess, if so, if the end demand environment doesn't deteriorate over the next six, nine months? Could there be a quarter later in the year where your revenue run rate is tracking above $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion? Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli : I'll grab the first part of that on the sell-in and sell-through part of it, Toshi. So selling and sell-through really relates to the channel. We reduced our channel inventory dollars the past two quarters, I would call it around a $50 million reduction, plus or minus per quarter over the last two quarters.  Looking at embedded in our guidance is a much bigger reduction of channel inventory. If you want to put a number around $100 million or so in our outlook, that's probably what we're seeing on the channel side. So we're reducing a lot in the channel.  Now as you look at the back half of the year, from a channel perspective, we think the sell-in and sell-through should be better matched given the actions we've taken over the last three quarters. And I'll pass it to Vince to talk a little about the customer inventory situation on the end customer side.
Vincent Roche : Yeah. On the customer side of things, we've been monitoring very, very carefully across the various segments. Our customer shipment rates, their inventories and their ADI goods on hand. And we're clearly under-shipping our customers' current demands. So we feel that we've got a situation now in terms of our -- we're in a good inventory position on hand. Our customers are beginning, as Mike indicated, to replenish their order books, ADI's goods.  And that gives us the confidence as the book-to-bill approaches unity that we're seeing the worst of the inventory correction. And in the second half, we will get back to a more normalized growth pattern. So as Mike said, there's a very good balance between the direct channel, the distribution channel in terms of the inventory situation, but we're ready for the upsurge.
Toshiya Hari : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities. You may proceed.
William Stein : Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I want to welcome, Rich, but direct a couple of questions to Vince, please. Vince, the more vertical capabilities that you talked about, it sort of suggests that you're needing to either partner more closely with a smaller number of customers or maybe you wind up pushing somewhat into their capabilities and are potentially competing with some of them. And I wonder how you contemplate managing that dynamic?
Vincent Roche : Yeah. Will, thanks very much. You're -- unfortunately, the line shopped. I think I got your question about verticalization, competing with our customers potentially. Hopefully, you can hear me, okay, that it's not a two-way line problem here. Will, look, the -- we've been on a journey over many, many years now to continue to build out our core component franchise, but also add more value to our solutions.  Our business has become more solutions-oriented particularly over the last decade in every single segment that we play. And that kind of domain application-driven engineering that ADI has been distinguishing it so at the edge over the last decade, that will continue, and we're continuing to build that. I talked on the -- in the prepared remarks about this point of care, acute health care solution that we've just brought to market where we've got an FDA approval. I think what's happening, Will, in the world is that there are certain places like that where we have a white space to attack. We're building a complete solution that has both hardware and software makes a lot of sense. But the truth is, even in the traditional markets and with the larger customers that we deal with, more and more footprint capture, if you like, has been taking place. Why? Because we tame our customers' complexity.  And I've talked before about the asymmetry and capabilities in the Analog space between the capabilities ADI has got and our customers have got. They expect us actually to add more solution value and build more complete solutions and clearly define where the line is between where their core value is versus where ADI's core values. So I think we're not competing with our customers, but we have very vibrant discussions about where we draw the line of the labor divide, so to speak.
William Stein : That helps. If I can ask a follow-up. You talked a bit about AI. It's sort of a familiar topic to us lately. Maybe too much so. 
Vincent Roche : Not much. 
William Stein : There's a narrative here where there are some creative capabilities, in fact, I would say, engineering-focused capabilities that maybe made more efficient or productive with Generative AI. In a world where the story about Analog design engineer capability being so limited and that driving a significant advantage for ADI. I wonder if that story changes at all because of this capability. Have you started using this for circuit design? Or do you anticipate that it could be used by others, either competitors or customers? Thank you.
Vincent Roche : Yeah, it's a good question. Well, look, everybody is trying to figure out the meaning of the AI in their businesses. We're using AI today in our tool chains. We're using machine learning and AI in our products, around our products. We're starting to use it in our business. And I think -- I believe that anything that can be -- anything that is routine -- and that can be automated, that's the way of technology. Technology automation will take over the things that are more routine. We play very much at the high end of the performance spectrum. So unless there's generative intelligence that can outperform our imaginations, which I don't see any time in the foreseeable future. We're truly in a realm where the intellectual property value and the learning system that we've got in this company will matter more and more. But yeah, I think we view AI as a tremendous opportunity. As clearly in the product development process from how the products are designed, what we put as ingredients in our products, and we're also, by the way, putting AI into the customer support tool chain. So it is a part. We're embracing it, and we believe that it will be an accelerator and the copilot, if you like, with our engineering population.
William Stein : Thank you. 
Michael Lucarelli : Thanks, Will, it sounds like from your cell phone line, we do need some more 5G coverage. So next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. One moment for questions. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. You may proceed. 
Timothy Arcuri : Hi, thanks a lot. Can you talk to any period costs versus underutilization charges that you're taking? And any of those -- how much of a headwind are those now? And how much will those help you as they might reverse themselves coming out of the downturn? Thanks. 
Michael Lucarelli : So I think your question is on how much of the impact on our gross margins underutilization versus mix. I think if you look here, our peak gross margins were about 74%. Our outlook, as Rich pointed out, embeds about 67%. That decline is really mix and utilization, about equal parts, I'll call it.  As you look to the back half of this year, it depends what mix is going to do. I think industrial is bottoming here, so that should help a little bit. From a utilization standpoint, Rich also pointed out, our starts are low enough to reduce inventory meaningfully. We've been doing that. We'll do it again in 2Q. So I don't see it starts going down, they're probably start going up, which should provide a tailwind to gross margins. How fast the gross margins pick up really depends on those 2 factors, how fast the revenue picks up and how much of it relates to the industrial sector.
Timothy Arcuri : Okay, Mike. But I guess, are there any inventory charges? That's the question.
Michael Lucarelli : So from inventories, yeah, I would say, a good question. You're right. We have a lot of inventory. As you can see on our balance sheet. The -- there's no acceleration of inventory charges in our gross margins. The inventory charge from a reserve standpoint have been elevated for the past few quarters, and they probably stay that way as you go into the back half of this year into next year. But that's not a headwind anymore. It's already kind of built in the run rate.
Timothy Arcuri : Okay, awesome. Thanks, Mike. 
Michael Lucarelli : We will go to our last question, please.
Operator: One moment for our last question. And our last question comes from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. You may proceed. 
CJ Muse: Yeah. Thank you for taking the question. You talked about auto being down sequentially, but seeing, I guess, the best performance out of all the different segments. Curious if you can kind of walk through what you're seeing from Tier 1 auto correction and whether you think that will be completed exiting April as well? Thanks so much. 
Michael Lucarelli : Yeah. Sure. From the auto standpoint, C.J., I would say, yes, there is definitely an inventory correction going on in auto like or market as Vince pointed that out, the supply fracture at everyone is, to a lesser degree, than auto than other markets, but it's not really because of the inventory. It's because of the growth drivers in that business, whether it's BMS, GMSL AB functional safe power, the growth in those areas are offsetting the overall call it inventory digestion in automotive area.  You're right to say that on the Tier 1 side or the OEM side, there's some froth inventory. But we're seeing that being digested. Will it be all complete? By the second quarter, we'll see, but I do feel good about those growth areas continue to grow this year. And for the full year, will auto grow, I don't know. We'll see. But it really depends on how strong the growth is in the growth areas and how much of the overhang on the inventory side is. But net-net, we do feel good about auto being our best performing end market here in 2Q and for the full year '24.
Vincent Roche : All right. Thank you, CJ. Thanks, everyone, for joining our call this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on the website. Thanks for joining us, and have a great rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Analog Devices Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. Id now like to introduce your host for todays call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Abigail and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining our fourth quarter fiscal 2023 conference call. With me on the call today are ADIs CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche; and ADIs Interim CFO, Jim Mollica. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it in relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. On our disclosures, the information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release and our periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information. These statements reflect our expectations only as the call today. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. Our references to gross and operating margin, operating and non-op expenses, tax rate, EPS and free cash flow will be on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes special items. When comparing our results to historical performance, special items are also excluded from our prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in todays earnings release. Two comments before we go prepared remarks. We adjusted our mapping to better align revenue to customer end markets. This resulted in slight changes to our end market mix with industrial increasing at each of the other markets slightly lower. These changes are reflected on our web schedule in the quarterly results section for the last 3 years. And second, one more quick reminder, the first quarter of 2024 is a 14-week quarter. And with that, Ill turn it over to ADIs CEO and Chair, Vincent.
Vincent Roche: Thank you very much, Mike and a very good morning to you all. Though the industry is obviously moving through a more challenging period of the business cycle, I am very pleased to share that we are preserving the strength of our financial performance while preparing for the markets recovery. Fourth quarter revenue was $2.7 billion, led by double-digit year-over-year growth in our automotive sector. The combination of careful expense management and our employees commitment to high standards of execution enabled us to deliver operating margins of 44.7% and EPS of $2.01 for the quarter. For the fiscal year, 23 again set new high watermarks with revenue reaching $12.3 billion, supported by all-time highs in the industrial and automotive sectors. This resulted in EPS of $10.09 up 5% from a year ago. Notably, we returned a record $4.6 billion to shareholders in 2023, exceeding our 100% free cash flow return target. Since the closing of Maxim just over 2 years ago, ADI has returned roughly $12 billion to shareholders or nearly 15% of our market cap. Over the same time, we have reduced our share count by more than 6% and increased our dividend per share by 25%. Now looking to fiscal 24, the near-term dynamics remain uncertain. As you will recall, last quarter, we outlined a broad-based inventory correction across all markets and geographies, reflecting the deteriorating macro conditions and our improving lead times. Consistent with our view 90 days ago, we expect the customer inventory overhang to persist through the first half of the year. Challenging times like these confirm the wisdom and the strength of our business model. The diversification of our business across customers, applications and products helps to limit volatility while preserving profitability. Building upon that foundation, we took actions to better ensure we can deliver operating margins in the low 40s and solid free cash flow despite the revenue decline. Importantly, however, we are not simply battening down the hatches. Our resilient financial model enables us to continue making the strategic investments necessary to allow us to capitalize on the upside when the business inflects higher. That longer term focus and commitment is why our customers have the confidence to increasingly depend on us as a key strategic partner. I have been very heartened by my conversations with customers across many markets and geographies over this past quarter. Despite the near-term challenges, they share our optimism that the intelligent edge is enabling a future replete with opportunity, and they are clear about the expanding role that they expect ADI to play in their success. Our customers optimism is reflected in the continued expansion of our design win pipeline, which increased by double-digits again in 2023. That growth was enhanced by sustained momentum in our Maxim revenue synergies pipeline, which is tracking ahead of our initial expectations. We expect synergy-driven revenue acceleration in 2025 putting us on a path to achieve our goal of more than $1 billion in revenue synergy by 2027. The combination of our strong design win growth with recurring revenue streams from our 75,000 product SKUs, which have average life spans of a decade or more creates a business with high barriers to entry thats both resilient and rich with growth opportunities. Now, let me share some examples of recent wins with you. In Industrial Automation, we are increasingly delivering more complete solutions. At a top digital factory automation supplier, for example, we have recently leveraged our anchor position in software configurable I/O to attach additional solutions value across power, isolation and connectivity. As a result, we captured 3x the bill of materials and secured design wins across their entire platform. In Industrial Instrumentation, we have increased our design wins at SOC and memory test market leaders. Our next-generation solutions increased channel density and throughput while reducing energy consumption by up to an incredible 30% per system. These are critical parameters for testing complex, high-performance compute GPUs and high-bandwidth memory for artificial intelligence systems. Looking now to automotive. In electrification, momentum continues for our wireless battery management system. This novel solution enables lower weight, greater scalability and improved manufacturing productivity, driving down the total cost of ownership for our customers while increasing ADIs content. Last quarter, we secured our fifth customer, a top 10 EV OEM. Well begin to deploy our wireless solution in their next-gen EVs in 2026. Now furthermore, during the year, ADI reinforced our industry-leading position in automotive, high-performance functionally save power. To that end, we won next-generation power for ADAS systems at four top suppliers this past year. These wins add another growth vector to our automotive franchise, which has benefited from strong momentum across electrification and in-cabin connectivity. This proliferation of ADAS is benefiting our high-speed GMSL connectivity portfolio. GMSL has been one of our fastest growing areas and a major revenue synergy generator for us. In the last year, we were awarded 4 new wins across leading North American, Asian and European OEMs. We are also expanding our opportunity and increasing our ROI, winning multiple design wins in industrial areas  in adjacent areas such as autonomous robotic systems. Our cloud infrastructure business is beginning to benefit from the power challenges and connectivity requirements necessary in AI ML systems. Notably, a large hyperscaler designed our high-performance power and protection solutions into their next-generation AI platform. And in connectivity, systems are upgrading now to 1 terabit per second and require our highest level of precision control solutions to efficiently support the growth in data generation. In consumer, we won multiple power management sockets in a portable application and a key customer. These wins truly show the combinatorial power of our acquisition strategy. We leveraged our industry leading cell and switcher, Maxims cost optimized process technology, and our customer relationships to secure these wins. And lastly, in healthcare, Maxim strengthened our comprehensive suite of technology for personal monitoring solutions, adding sensor AFEs, microcontrollers and ultra-low power technologies. We secured a design win at a leading continuous glucose monitoring customer this year. Our solution increases the robustness, accuracy and power efficiency of their glucose center, thereby helping to extend its life from days to weeks. So in summary, were proud of another year of record revenue and earnings. We continue to demonstrate the power of our business model, which delivers results through all phases of the business cycle. Our continued strong investments in technology and business innovation, customer engagement, and our hybrid manufacturing model positions ADI and our customers to take maximum advantage of the opportunities at the intelligent edge when the business recovery arrives. Now Id like to pass the call over to Jim. Over the past 35 years, Jim has taken on a number of critical financial leadership roles across ADI, enabling him to develop a breadth and depth of understanding of our business that very, very few possess. So Im pleased now to have him on my leadership team and to be joined by Jim on todays call. Over to you, Jim.
Jim Mollica: Thank you for that introduction, Vince, Im excited to be here today, and let me add my welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Starting with a brief recap of fiscal 2023 results. Revenue increased 2% to $12.3 billion, marking ADIs third consecutive record year. Gross margin of 72.5% moderated from last years record results of 73.6%. Operating margin of 48.9% decreased 50 basis points, roughly half the decline of gross margin, reflecting strong operating expense control. All told, EPS increased 5% to a record $10.09. Now moving to fourth quarter results. Revenue of $2.72 billion declined 12% sequentially and 16% year-over-year, finishing above the midpoint of our outlook despite the challenging operating environment. Industrial represented 50% of quarterly revenue, declining 19% sequentially and 20% year-over-year. As expected, we experienced broad-based weakness as inventory adjustments continued across our diverse customer base. For the full year, Industrial increased 6%, achieving its third straight record result with strength across instrumentation, test, energy and aerospace and defense. Automotive, which represented 27% of quarterly revenue was down slightly sequentially and up 14% year-over-year, marking 12 straight quarters of double-digit growth. For the year, Automotive also achieved its third straight record result, increasing 19%, with strong growth across our functionally safe power, battery management and in cabin connectivity solutions. Collectively, these were up more than 30%. Communications, which represented 13% of quarterly revenue, declined 6% sequentially and 32% versus a record fourth quarter 2022. For the year, Communications decreased 13%, with steeper declines in wireless versus wireline. And lastly, Consumer represented 11% of quarterly revenue, down 6% sequentially and 28% year-over-year. Consumer decreased 20% in fiscal 2023, driven by industry-wide weaker demand and ongoing inventory corrections. Now on to the rest of the P&L. Fourth quarter gross margin was 70.2%, down sequentially and year-over-year driven by unfavorable product mix, lower factory utilizations and lower revenue. OpEx in the quarter was $692 million, down $60 million sequentially. These significant savings were driven by disciplined expense management and lower variable compensation. As a result, operating margin came in at the higher end of our outlook of 44.7%. Non-op expense finished at $65 million and the tax rate for the quarter was 12.5%. All told, EPS was $2.01, slightly above our outlook. Now on to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with approximately $1 billion of cash and cash equivalents and a net leverage ratio of 0.9x. Inventory decreased nearly $70 million sequentially, driven by finished goods. Channel inventory also declined as we actively manage sell-in to be less than sell-through. Given lower revenue, inventory days increased to 188 and channel weeks ticked up slightly, ending within our target range of 7 to 8 weeks. Now moving on to our cash flow items. Operating cash for the quarter and the year was $1.2 billion and $4.8 billion, respectively. CapEx for the quarter was $476 million and for fiscal 2023 was $1.3 billion. These CapEx numbers are gross figures, which do not include the benefits of the investment tax credits or grants related to both the U.S. and European Chips Act. Full year free cash flow was $3.6 billion or 29% of revenue. During the year, we returned 130% of free cash flow via roughly $3 billion in share repurchases and $1.7 billion in dividends. Now moving on to the guidance for the first quarter, which will be on a 14-week basis. First quarter revenue is expected to be $2.5 billion, plus or minus $100 million. Once again, we expect sell-through to be higher than sell-in. At the midpoint, we expect all end markets to be down sequentially. Industrial is expected to be down the most, followed by Consumer and Comms with Automotive faring the best. Operating margin is expected to be 41.5%, plus or minus 70 basis points. Our tax rate is expected to be 11% to 13%, and based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.70 plus or minus $0.10. I will conclude my remarks with a brief update on the current operating backdrop. As Vince mentioned, we continue to see broad-based weakness across markets and geographies as customers work to reduce inventory and a stressed macro backdrop. Importantly, our lead times are now back to normal levels with 95% of our products shipping within 13 weeks, given our customers high confidence and timely supply. Encouragingly, during the fourth quarter, weve seen cancellations fall and bookings stabilize. This gives us greater confidence that the ongoing inventory correction will taper through the first half of the fiscal year. As we discussed last time, weve taken actions to preserve the integrity of our income statement, our balance sheet and our cash flow statements. Let me provide an update in these areas. We are once again lowering internal utilizations with a goal of significantly reducing inventory in the first half of the year. Our hybrid manufacturing model and ability to swing in external wafers will help us moderate the decline in factory starts. The unique ability positions us to deliver healthy gross margins despite the significant revenue decline from a year ago. Given the enhancements made to our hybrid manufacturing model over the last 2 years, we now plan to slow the expansion of our internal fabs and back-end facilities. As a result, we expect 2024 CapEx to be between $600 million and $800 million or down about 45% versus 2023. Importantly, this CapEx reduction does not compromise our long-term growth or resiliency efforts that gives customers multiple locations to source ADI supply. And lastly, we took additional steps to structurally reduce our OpEx. These actions, combined with lower variable comp and seasonally lower spend in the first quarter will result in a slight decline in OpEx sequentially even with the extra week. So in closing, our ability to generate operating margins in the low 40s, which were our previous highs in the last cycle demonstrates the durability of this franchise and how weve enhanced our operating model over time. And with that, Ill give it back to Mike for Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Jim. Welcome to the call. Its great to have you. Now lets get to the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] With that, we will have our first question please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you. Thank you very much for taking my question. Vince, it looks like order has been restored in the diversified Analog world with  it looks like a very normal cyclical downturn and with you, what youve built is a structurally more profitable company holding to 40%  low 40% operating margin line. My question is on a bottoming process. And I know were not there yet, but can you just remind us or help us understand metrics youre following regarding cancellations, pushouts, backlog, you did talk about cancellations, Jim. And then kind of related to that, is if you look at past cycles, does automotive needs to go down double-digit year-over-year decline as industrial has been there? And how should we think about that? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yes. God morning, Ambrish, and thank you for the question. So yes, we noted last quarter that we believe the inventory digestion issue would last two to three quarters. And Id say, given the new information that we have, our conviction of that has actually grown. We have, through careful analysis and observation, weve seen inventory digestion accelerate at our largest direct customers across the board and across all the various segments that we support. And were continuing to reduce our channel inventories as well. So I think very encouragingly, even with normalized lead times, as weve said, were shipping that kind of 95% of customer requests within a quarter, which is very, very normal. We saw against that backdrop, a sharp drop in cancellations, and though the book-to-bill was below unity in the fourth quarter. We did see our bookings improve sequentially. So that gives us a lot of confidence as to whats going on. Regarding Automotive, Im not sure, by the way. The automotive  the assumption youre making is that there could be a double-digit drop in Automotive. Im not sure about that because we know that cars are consuming about 10% more silicon per year. And in fact, we continue to grow in share and ASP in the car. So my own sense is that against what could be a very challenging macro backdrop during 2024, that of all the elements of our portfolio, automotive, we expect will fare best of them all. And we still have pretty strong confidence that well grow in 2024.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you, Vince.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Ambrish. Next question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. Vince, Im trying to reconcile the comments that were made about some stabilization in bookings. That sounds like a positive. But I think in the prepared remarks, you also said some headwinds that could persist through the first half of the fiscal year, suggesting that April could be a sub-seasonal quarter. So I know youre not guiding specifically out to April, but what is the right way to look at the puts and takes as we think about April? Can it be seasonal, whether it not be seasonal? And also this extra week from January, did that really give you that 7.5% push, so we should be taking that out of April. So any way to help us give us a sense for how the April could shape up would be very helpful. Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, I think its  Vivek, thank you for the question. Its one quarter at a time here. What I will say contextually is that we expect the inventory overhang to have been depleted by the start of our third quarter, which is in May of next year. So, we still remain pretty confident about that, given the dynamics that I just outlined. But the other parts of the cycle that were really  I think everybody is seeing pressure from is the macroeconomic climate and particularly the decline of semi business in China. So thats the piece. I mean that is the piece that isnt well understood. But all that said, the macro will be the governor on what happens in the second half of the year. And I think another quarter or so will give us a lot more confidence in terms of what is possible in the second half. But I will let Jim answer as well give you some particular statistics to underpin our assumptions here.
Jim Mollica: Thanks, Vince. Yes, let me just speak to  let me unpack lead times a bit first. As we said, lead times are now kind of back to where they were, 95% of our products are shipping within 13 weeks. And weve seen steady improvement in lead times in both 3Q and 4Q. And I guess from the refreshing side of that is from a customer viewpoint, customers have now adjusted to those shorter lead times. And our order rates basically in the fourth quarter basically stabilized in fact, picked up in 4Q versus 3Q. So thats good news for us as the customers have shopped and their signal into us. As Vince said, our book-to-bill will still be low on there, but it is kind of the first lines there. Additionally, cancellations in the fourth quarter were down meaningfully for the first time and probably close to a year. And cancellations on a shorter time fence were also very, very low. So thats good for us. From a channel perspective, were being cautious. We continue to basically ship into the channel less than our sell-through, which basically will position us well for when the upswing occurs. And from an end market viewpoint, let me just close on that point. All markets in 1Q will be down on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Yes, thats it. Mike, anything else?
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. And its very confusing with a 13 to 14-week card, youre right, Vivek. Ill kind of add some commentary around that, how to think about that. Normally, 2Q from 1Q and a 13-week to 13-week basis up about 5%. And given what have been said, inventory overhang and bookings getting better. It still feels like we should probably grow some, but I dont think 5% is likely. Why? Theres still an inventory overhang going on. So if you think 13-week to 13-week were about flattish, plus or minus, in 1Q to 2Q, thats probably the way to think about it. That means if you include the extra week, its probably down about 5% plus or minus sequentially. So I hope that helps back a little bit because it is confusing. And with that we go to our next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wonder, I mean now that youre in a revenue downturn that looks more severe than we saw the last cycle, what are you seeing in terms of pricing? And are people  you obviously raised prices during the upturn. Are people asking you to give that back? And is that a different conversation on kind of a like-for-like basis versus approaching kind of new design win activity?
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Joe. So look, I think overall, the pricing of our existing portfolio is very, very resilient, very stable. And I think something to note as well is that every new generation of product that we build is capturing more value. And  so if you look at the legacy, its very stable. You look at the legacy franchise. Weve got tremendous stability. Were capturing more new value per new socket. And I dont see any particular change. And we, as a company, play at the high end of the performance curve, which enables us to get this innovation premium that is a very, very critical part of our gross margin structure and our revenue growth. And our job is to continue to invest to make sure that we stay on the cutting edge and get well rewarded for that. We fight very, very intensely at the inception of new designs. But as I said in the prepared remarks, Joe, were seeing generally speaking, our pipeline of new product design wins as well as the more established products continue to grow quarter-by-quarter, year-over-year. So I feel confident that the pricing that we have managed to increase over the last couple of years, 2.5 years that theyre about to reflect the increased cost of goods. Well hold those prices. So overall, were bullish about where we are and what the pricing environment holds in the future.
Joseph Moore: Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a question on OpEx and gross margins into Q1. So you said OpEx was down slightly even with the extra week. So, if I sort of understand a little bit, it would imply the normalized like 13-week OpEx would be running around, I dont know, 640 maybe, maybe a little lower. Once we get through into Q2 when the ex-week rolls off, is that the right sort of like steady-state OpEx run rate to think about as we go through the year and some  are there some other drivers? And I guess if those numbers are right, it sort of implies gross margins implied in Q1 maybe a little below 70, maybe 69, is that the right kind of level that you are thinking about as the revenue is going to drop here?
Jim Mollica: Yes, Stacy, its Jim. Let me take that. Let me the margin one first, and then I will talk about the OpEx for the quarter. There is many inputs. There is many levers to the gross margin. There is revenue thats priced, there is mix as factory loading utilization levels. And let me just try to unpack that a bit. Vince mentioned on the pricing side, basically, thats stable. So, thats not a drag to gross margins as we move forward. On the revenue side, basically, we are down  the midpoint of our first quarter guide on a 13-week basis is down, approaching 30% from our previous peak. So, basically revenue is a headwind for us there. Mix basically is unfavorable as well. As you heard in my prepared remarks, industrial was down 19% and 20% last quarter on a year-over-year and sequential basis, and that will be down again in first quarter. So, mix is a headwind for us. When you put all those puts and takes together, we would expect basically gross margin will fall below 70% in the first half of the year at these trough levels. I think if you think about something in the 68% to 69% range, is probably a good range for this trough revenue range. So, thats kind of the gross margin. On the OpEx side, as I mentioned, our 4Q OpEx basically was down about $60 million on a sequential basis. This was the combination of reducing discretionary spend and of course, a much lower variable comp. Looking into 1Q, we expect that to be down again even with the extra week. And its fair to say that probably you can think about 1% to 2% there. This reduction relates to the actions that we structurally took to reduce OpEx as well as a lower typical seasonal spend in 1Q as well. We dont guide 2Q, but just to give you a sense there, when you look at 2Q, its probably best to compare that to the 4Q, which was a like 13 to 13-week comparison. And when you are looking at 4Q 23 versus 2Q 24, given some of the structural modest reductions we had made, we would expect OpEx in 2Q to be down a few percent from the 4Q operating levels, so I hope that helps.
Stacy Rasgon: Thats helpful. Thank you so much guys.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks Stacy. I always appreciate your two-part and one-part question. With that, next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hey. Thanks. Just a question on industrial, historically this has been a pretty strong sector for you guys, but it seems like its  the revenue decline in industrial is worse than the overall company. Can you just talk about why that is and maybe broader speaking, are the bookings or the revenue falling more because the macro is worse than expected, or the inventory situation out there is just worse than you guys thought? And do you think you will be able to hold that 70% gross margin floor for the fiscal 24? Thanks.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks Chris. So, yes look, we have come off a record year for ADI and for the industrial sector. But I would say in the second half of 23, we began to see momentum slow on the order side of things. And in the fourth quarter, its true to say that weakness in the industrial sector broadened and hit all the various market segments with one exception, the aerospace and defense area. And I think when we look into 2024, given the weaker macro backdrop, and we expect the inventory digestion to continue through the first half particularly at the broad market customers who are suffering most here. So, I think, as Jim said, when we talk about gross margins, the weaker industrial over the first half of the year, that weaker mix, if you like, will impact the gross margins. And for the trough periods here, we are thinking kind of 68%, 69% as reasonable assumptions for gross margin in that period of time. So, it really is, at this point, its an adjustment of inventories at our customers and how fast we experience the recovery will determine on the macro. But again, I think its true to say, during the first half of this year, we do expect to get this overhang of inventory behind us and get back to a more normalized growth pattern in the second half of the year. Jim, do you want to take a comment?
Jim Mollica: Yes. Chris, I think just a couple of points there. Vince talked about at the trough revenue, gross margins in the 68% to 69% range, gross margins at 70% for the year, I think that was the first part of your question as well. A lot of that will depend upon when the demand comes back in terms of  so we dont really guide for the year, but thats probably dependent upon revenue coming back to a more normal level. Let me just add a few points, though. We are  utilization levels basically brought them down in 4Q, we are going to bring them down again in 1Q. You see the inventory reduction of $70 million in 4Q, which was a little bit better than I think we guided last quarter, you are going to expect that inventory to be reduced at a similar level in 1Q and again in 2Q. And what we are also doing now is we are activating our hybrid manufacturing strategy. So, we are actually swinging wafers from external back in-house, which moderates the factory load, which gives a little bit of a cushion on that gross margin side as well. So, just a little bit more color as what you can expect for us in the second quarter here.
Chris Danely: Thanks a lot guys.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks Jim. With that, next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on the results in this tough environment. I had a question about CapEx. So, one of your competitors talk about this geopolitical dependable capacity that they are investing in. You are going showed the complete other the way, you are reducing CapEx a lot for this year. Help us understand a little bit what your partners are doing  your founder partners are doing for you to sort of feel comfortable that you dont have to spend as much in CapEx going forward? Thank you.
Jim Mollica: Thanks Tore. Why dont we take that in, so I will start.
Vincent Roche: I will sort of add some color.
Jim Mollica: Yes. So let me just  let me pause and take a step back on CapEx for a second. So, at our Investor Day, we outlined basically elevated CapEx in the high-single digit range for 2022 and 2023. And then long-term, that would actually trend back down to mid-single digits. As I have said, this past year, CapEx was about $1.2 billion on a gross basis, which is about 10% of sales, which was a bit higher basically due to the revenue fall off that we saw in the second half of the year. This year, as I have said, we are basically slowing our capacity expansion and our CapEx, given kind of the short-term demand that we are actually seeing there. So, from a CapEx viewpoint, we are going to expect that to drop by about $500 million in our FY 24. And as I have noted, this figure doesnt reflect any of the benefit from either the U.S. or European Chips Act. From a capacity viewpoint, what does that mean, that basically means that we will be able to still double our internal capacity footprint by 2025. Originally, we were thinking that was going to take place more in the 2024 time period. But given the macro and the demand outlook, we are comfortable with that. So, we dont need basically all of that capacity in the short-term. From a customer viewpoint, from a swing capacity viewpoint, our goal is to be able to basically swing 70% of our product portfolio from internal to external fabs. Thats good for our customers because it gives our customers the ability to dual source, and that really creates a rich and resilient supply chain with multiple options for our customers. And from a gross margin viewpoint, internally, that allows us to moderate the factories a bit with this additional swing coming in-house as well. So, we are comfortable with that strategy. I dont know if Vince has?
Vincent Roche: Yes. So, let me  good morning, Tore, let me add a couple of piece of color to what Jim has just said. So, most of ADIs revenue today is built on process technologies that are 180 nanometers [ph] and above. Now in digital technology terms, thats a very, very old process technology. Thats more than 25-years-old in terms of its currency. But in the analog space, that is still a very contemporary process node, so more than 70  a little more than 70% of our revenue today is produced on process technologies at 180 nanometers and above. And as Jim said, we have gone through a major internal expansion to give us more flexibility and agility in terms of where and how we manufacture those process technologies. And we are making all these investments that we have made on the internal fabs of 200-millimeter wafers. So, the tool chains are less expensive, and we are able to get tremendous return on investment over many, many decades on the investments that we are making. So  and I think below that, for the, lets say, at the final line geometry nodes, we have very, very good alternatives with our external partners who are in a very, very really important piece of how we make the hybrid manufacturing model work. So, anything that is kind of 90 nanometers and below, its 300-millimeter wafers, and we secure that production with multiple sources across the globe.
Tore Svanberg: Very helpful. Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks so much Tore. And we will go to our last question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our last question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I had a question on inventory. It sounds like you are planning to bring it down quite a bit from here. And you mentioned that the target is 120 days, but of course, it depends on what the base of revenue is. So, can you quantify how much more you plan to take out of your inventory? It seems like it could come down maybe a couple of hundred million dollars more from here? And then also maybe if you can also quantify  and this is kind of a hard question to answer, but how much is selling below sell-through? I know you get some metrics, particularly inside of distribution? Thanks.
Jim Mollica: Hey Timothy, let me take that. Just to be clear, let me kind of we step that back what I have said. So basically, inventory in fourth quarter was down $70 million, and that was on a quarter-on-quarter compare. That was almost all at the finished goods level. In 1Q, we plan to take inventory down by a similar amount. And then we will do that again in 2Q. Thats on a dollar basis, not on a days basis, just to be clear there. So, over the course of three quarters, fourth quarter and the first half of 24, we expect inventory to be down in the $200 million plus range for that. In terms of the channel, as I mentioned, we are  our sell-in to the channel is lower than our sell-through. And in the fourth quarter, that was  it was in the $50 million range. And I would probably expect probably a similar number there in first quarter, yes. And with that
Vincent Roche: Tim and your question on the days of inventory, I would say our pre-COVID target was 120, we are close to 190 today. I think both of them are going to be wrong when all the dust settles, but we will re-up you on kind of the long-term inventory days model at a future call. And with that
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. Thanks.
Vincent Roche: Good Tim. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website. Thanks for joining the call. I appreciate your interest in ADI and have a great Thanksgiving.
Operator: This concludes todays Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our third quarter fiscal '23 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release, and other periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information, as these statements reflect our expectations only at the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. We are comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Mike, and a very good morning to you all. ADI executed well in the third quarter and delivered results within our expectations despite the challenging operating environment. Revenue was nearly $3.1 billion, led by growth in our Industrial and Automotive markets once again. Gross margin remained strong, above 72%, operating margin was nearly 48% and EPS was $249 million. This continued profitability reflects our portfolio's resilience as well as the innovation premium that it commands. I want to turn to the current business environment now just for a moment. As we shared last quarter, we believe we're in a period of customer inventory reconciliation following three consecutive years of steady growth. Through our customer conversations, it's evident these accelerating inventory adjustments relate to the weakening macro backdrop and ADI's rapidly improving lead times. Importantly, we believe we shipped below end market consumption in the third quarter and expect to do so again in the fourth. This will help normalize our customers' inventory more quickly and position us to return to growth more quickly in the coming quarters. Stepping back, while near-term dynamics or turbulence, our long-term confidence remains undiminished. Over the last several decades, we have enhanced the resiliency of our global business, defined by our diversified customer and product portfolio and flexible hybrid manufacturing model. This enables us to ensure softer demand periods while sustaining strategic investments to ensure that we capitalize on the upside when the business inflects. It's these characteristics and our alignment to numerous concurrent secular growth trends that give us confidence that ADI will deliver on our long-term model of 7% to 10% revenue CAGR. Now one area underpinning this growth outlook are the applications tied to sustainable use cases, which currently represents about 1/3 of our total revenue. And today, I want to unpack a vital part of this, the evolving electrification ecosystem that is driving growth in our industrial and automotive markets. As the world marches to net 0, we need to eliminate 51 gigatons of global greenhouse gases emitted every year. Fossil fuels are by far the largest contributor accounting for more than 75% of all emissions. And at the same time, global energy consumption is forecasted to increase by 50% by 2050. A major unnecessary energy transition is underway and an upgraded and expanded energy grid is foundational to support a decarbonization pathway. Making the shift through renewable energy sources in both commercial and residential infrastructure as well as electric vehicles and global transportation will reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These moves also create new challenges in the generation distribution, consumption and smoothing of energy supply. ADI solutions are embedded across all phases of this electrification journey from upgrading the grid infrastructure to forming and managing the vehicle battery. The common thread woven through all these applications is the high-performance precision signal processing, control and power management capabilities they require, capabilities in which ADI excels. Now today, I'll bring the story to life at the application level, starting with grid infrastructure. Overall, today's electrical grid is undergoing modernization to meet current and future demands. Historically, traditional energy sources like coal, oil and gas were centralized and distributed in one direction from the grid to the consumer. Today, renewable energy sources like wind and solar are more distributed necessitating a dynamic bidirectional flow of energy. To achieve this, the grid must be able to adjust performance across the network in real time, which requires an exponential increase in monitoring and storage capabilities. And for example, our collaboration with the Enel Group provides smart meters and grid digitalization solutions for distribution system operators. Here, ADI's control and sensing technologies are enabling high-performance, precision monitoring and data creation at the heart of the digital substation. And we're leveraging our mixed-signal digital and algorithm technologies to enable greater intelligence at the grid's edge. Now moving to energy storage systems, which are critical to mitigate intermittency issues across the network. ADI is a leader with our technologies used in 60% of energy storage systems across residential, commercial and grid scale networks. Leveraging our battery management system technology or BMS. We're increasing capacity and improving energy utilization in energy storage systems, which maximizes the battery's lifetime value. These monitoring and storage challenges extend to the grid's edge as well, including EV charging stations, ADI's energy metrology, isolation and sensing technologies, help enable a broader range of applications in AC and DC charging equipment. In addition to these important applications in our highly diverse industrial segment, our high-performance signal processing platforms and domain expertise are helping to electrify the automotive market. Here, our technology is a key enabler in the transition from combustion engines to cleaner electric vehicles by increasing range and lowering cost. And I'll start with BMS. As we've shared before, we are the leader in this area with our BMS solution designed into 16 of the top 20 EV manufacturers. We're currently sampling our eighth generation solution, which utilizes software and algorithms to enable physical measurement capabilities all the way into the battery cell. These advances in edge processing change the game in how the internal battery health is managed, supporting faster charging and better range prediction. An extension of this is our wireless BMS solution, a first in the industry. It has all the benefits of our wired solution and enables a scalable battery architecture, with quicker and more cost-effective production cycles. Currently, our wireless BMS is designed in at four OEMs, and we expect another large OEM to adopt it in the coming quarters. Given this momentum and the cutting-edge value proposition, we believe the wireless platform will represent a large portion of our BMS revenue by the end of the decade. And looking ahead, we're broadening our EV capabilities beyond battery management and storage to power conversion solutions. Specifically, we're developing a silicon carbide-based smart switch for bidirectional onboard charging that significantly reduces charger size and weight by over 50%, thus driving down cost. Notably, this intelligent integrated switch enables the EV to transfer energy back into the network, creating a more reliable grid. And this innovation solution more than doubles our content opportunity per EV powertrain. So in summary, ADI is driven by a deep sense of purpose and a desire for our innovations to positively impact all stakeholders. We're immensely proud of the role our technologies play to improve the well-being of humanity and indeed the planet, and I remain very confident in our future. Our portfolio of cutting-edge technologies, world-class talent base are aligned with an unprecedented number of attractive secular trends, where the semiconductor content per dollar of CapEx is increasing tremendously. This presents ADI with continued profitable growth opportunities as well as the ability to shape the future of industries. And so with that, I'll hand it over to Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our third quarter earnings call. My comments today, with the exception of revenue will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. While demand continued to soften throughout the quarter, ADI delivered nearly $3.1 billion revenue, in line with our guidance. This was driven by continued year-over-year growth for both Industrial and Automotive. Looking at our performance by end market. Industrial, which represented 53% of revenue, finished down 7% sequentially after a tremendous stretch of 13 straight quarters of sequential growth. On a year-over-year basis, revenue increased 4% with most applications up, led by sustainable energy as well as aerospace and defense, which each grew double digits. Automotive, which represented 24% of revenue, was down modestly sequentially in line with our expectations. Year-over-year growth of 15% was broad-based. We saw continued outsized growth for ADI's leading battery management and in-cabin connectivity solutions, which collectively increased nearly 30% year-over-year. Communications, which represented 12% of revenue, decreased double digits, both sequentially and year-over-year due to the broad-based inventory correction we flagged previously. And lastly, consumer, which represented 10% of revenue came in stronger than expected, finishing up 15% sequentially, but down 21% year-over-year. We remain optimistic that our second quarter marked the bottom for this business despite the ongoing inventory correction. And now on to the rest of the P&L. Gross margin of 72.2% remains industry-leading, but declined sequentially due to lower utilization and product mix. Operating expenses of $752 million were roughly flat year-over-year and up sequentially. This quarter's OpEx reflects the full impact of annual merit increases. Operating margin of 47.8% contracted 230 basis points year-over-year, roughly in line with the gross margin decline. Non-op expenses were $57 million, and our tax rate was 11.2%. All told, EPS came in at $2.49 within our guidance range. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with over $1.1 billion of cash and a net leverage ratio of 0.8. Given the revenue pressures and our decision to hold more finished goods versus restocking the channel, inventory dollars increased and the days of inventory moved higher to 179. As a result, channel inventory remains below our target level and slightly declined. Specifically, we strategically undershipped Asia, especially China, due to weaker demand trends. CapEx was $325 million for the quarter as we invest to enhance ADI's global resiliency and offer our customers options on where their products are sourced. 2023 should represent the high watermark for CapEx, and we expect it to decline in 2024. Importantly, our investments do not include the benefits of tax credit and grant funds that we anticipate from both the U.S. and the European Chips Act. Over the trailing 12 months, we've generated $3.7 billion of free cash flow or 29% of revenue. And over the same period, we've returned nearly $5 billion to shareholders or over 130% of free cash flow via more than $3.3 billion in buybacks and more than $1.6 billion in dividends. Now turning to the Q4 guidance. We expect the fourth quarter revenue to be $2.7 billion, plus or minus $100 million. This outlook assumes sell-in to be below sell-through. At the midpoint of our outlook, we expect all markets to be down sequentially given the broad-based inventory correction. On a relative basis, Auto and Consumer should perform a bit better than Industrial and Comms. Operating margin is expected to be 44% plus or minus 70 basis points. This margin outlook embeds planned utilization reductions and a decline in OpEx. Our tax rate is expected to be between 11% and 13%. And based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $2 plus or minus $0.10. As our outlook is lower than expected, let me provide some context on what we're experiencing and how we will navigate. Our revenue outlook reflects the broad-based macro softness across all end markets, all geographies and customers both large and small. We are also strategically improving lead times to get a better view into demand and enhance customer satisfaction. Today, we're shipping over 85% of our products within 13 weeks, and this is up from 35% a year ago. As Vince mentioned, we are seeing customers accelerate inventory adjustments due to both the softer environment and our lead time improvements. And as such, we're taking measures to preserve the integrity of our balance sheet, cash flow and income statement. This includes further reducing utilization and lowering external wafer purchases with a goal to decrease inventory meaningfully in the coming quarters. And importantly, as we've outlined before, we expect gross margins will maintain a 70% level on a trailing 12-month basis. This gross margin resiliency is a testament to the flexibility of our hybrid manufacturing model and our unique swing capacity capability. In addition to the naturally lower variable comp, we're also taking steps to reduce total OpEx by roughly $50 million sequentially. So stepping back, we're not ready to call the bottom yet but our history shows that we cycle up quickly. And when we do, we will achieve higher highs. ADI has built a very resilient business, rich with opportunities. Our diversification and exposure to numerous secular trends drives our durable earnings stream and solid free cash flow, enabling us to consistently return capital to shareholders. And to that end, over the trailing 12 months, we've returned $5 billion to shareholders or more than 5% of our market cap. As this is my last ADI earnings call, I'd like to give a quick thank you to Vince for his mentorship and counsel over the past six years to the ADI Board, including our audit chair, Karen Golz, for their unwavering support and most importantly, to the world-class finance staff, including young Mike here for always reminding us of our commitments to you, the company's owners. I look forward to seeing many of you in the coming weeks as we get on the road. Mike, let's go to Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. I don't think I've been called young in some time, but I appreciate that. Now let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] With that, can be our first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. I have a question for Vince. So I know you're not ready to call a bottom. But some industry observers would say that this sort of inventory build started maybe late 2021, early 2022 based on your guidance for the October quarter, you're sort of back to that level. So then you've seen these cycles, you've seen many of them. They're all different. But just wanted to get a sense for you what you think we're getting close, especially given what I just said about that inventory adjustment now sort of being complete?
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Tore. When I look at this current cycle, the symptoms are always the same in these cycles, but the causes tend to have different components. And I think right now, there are two kind of inputs to this particular correction. I think one is the inventory in digestion that exists out there that has been building for 18, 24 months now. And the second, of course, is the macroeconomic situation, which is a major governor as well. But I think if you look at what we understand from the direct side of our business, for example, when we look at our largest customers revenue growth and their forecast compared to our growth at these very same customers, we believe that we've been shipping the low-end consumption in the third and will in the fourth quarter. So I think one way to look at this is how long will the inventory correction take? My sense is it will be two to three quarters before we get through the inventory digestion cycle, and I think we're positioned as a company to get beyond it quite fast because we've been managing our factories very carefully, managing our inventories, both on our own balance sheet as well as our distribution channel. So we've also, I think, taken a long-term view to the demand patterns of our customers. We haven't, in any way, forced them into, for example, long-term supply agreements, essentially, at this point in the cycle, that will be forcing them to take products that they don't really need. We've been managing our channel aggressively. So as I said, we're keeping more inventory on our own balance sheet. So again, we will get to distribute the supply ultimately where we think it's needed when the recovery gets underway here. So that's my sense, sorry. I mean, in the industry, if you look back to the dot com cycle, you look at the 2008 financial crisis cycle, most of the downturns tended to last three to four quarters. So my sense is over the next two, three quarters, we begin to see a recovery here, at least on the inventory side. And then it's really a question of how does the macro-economy perform?
Tore Svanberg: Great perspective. Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks Tori. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks Dan. Best wishes again to Prashanth on his next adventure. You said that you're not ready to call the bottom yet and Vince, you mentioned that the inventory digestion period could last for some more time. How should we think about Q1 seasonality? It tends to be down kind of mid-single digit. Do you think we should be prepared for something different than that? Right? And if it is worse than kind of mid-single digit, do you still think that ADI can maintain gross margins above 70%. So just kind of puts and takes to help us align our models would be very useful.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Why don't I take that, Vivek. So first, quick comments just to make sure everyone has the Q4 guide, correct. So on the channel, as I said in the prepared remarks, we are shipping in below the forecast we have from our channel partners. So we are intentionally bringing channel inventories down to help set us up for some better strength. The -- included in the guide is the backlog coverage has some turns, but less than normal given the higher level of uncertainty. So we would need some more turns and positive book-to-bill, which Vince mentioned is likely to be a quarter or two out. And then just from an end market standpoint, we've got all end markets down quarter-over-quarter. So as you know, we don't guide out further than the current quarter, but some color is I think you essentially have it right. There's no reason to think that first quarter would not be down seasonal on a, which would call it, mid-single digit quarter-over-quarter. But that we -- our view is going to be driven by the holidays and the customer decisions to reduce inventory as they go into the year-end. So we're not, at this point, seeing a more meaningful step down in Q1 based on what we can know today. And I will just remember to plant and everyone as you start to model out Q1 that every once in a couple of years, we have a 14-week quarter, and that will be Q1 of '24. And then on gross margins, I think we're actually quite proud of our gross margin story here that we've been -- we've messaged a number of times that we would have the ability to maintain a 70% gross margin in a -- on a trailing 12-month basis with a peak to trough decline of 15%. Q4 is down about 17% from the Q2 peak. And while we didn't give you a gross margin number, if you impute it from the OpEx math that I gave you, you'll see that we are able to hold that north of 70%, and we'll continue to work that. For Q1, gross margins, my best sense now would be that we are likely to face a little more challenge on the utilization level as we bring inventory levels down, but we have been very successful in activating our swing capacity. We're actually doing about 10% better on utilizations because we have swing than if we hadn't activated it. So it's been a very powerful lever for us. And we need to see how the math on all of that works out for Q1, but I wouldn't expect Q1 to be notably different from kind of where we are for Q4.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I'd like to add one other comment, Vivek, to what Prashanth has said. So the other side of margin is pricing, and pricing is very stable. It's very, very stable, resilient. I don't expect that to change. And our products are very, very sticky. We've got tremendous life cycles and that part of our business, this is really a unit correction in the business rather than price or share.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for that. Helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. This is old Ambrish, Young Mike, can feel free to chime in. I was looking at the year-over-year comms, and I look at TI as your closest peer rival competitor. Vince, they started going into a year-over-year decline in 4Q '22 and you are just starting, and you said two to three quarters. So in the past history does suggest that usually on a year-over-year basis, we see roughly around four to five quarters of year decline. Is that the right way to think about your business? You said two to three quarters of digestion and I'm assuming that means year-over-year decline in reps, right?
Vincent Roche: Yes. Good question, Ambrish. So yes, look, I mean, Comms is just a piece of ADI's overall story. We've actually seen -- I mean, we have two components as well. We've got wire line, we have wireless. I would say on the wire line side of things, we've seen the malaise going back into the late part of '22, early part of '23. So that's really things like optical control for data center and carrier networks, and power. We've got a power business there as well. So we think we'll see that, we expect to see CapEx somewhat recover in that space to be able to catch up with the needs, for example, driven by the explosion in computing power that's required to handle the AI inflection here, for example. So -- my sense is the wire line part will probably start its recovery in the first -- second quarter of the year. Wireless is a little harder to call. It's very, very dynamic. We all know that. The developed countries, particularly North America, 5G deployments, which have really been focused on coverage rather than capacity. They're going to be weaker than we thought. So that's probably going to give us headwinds for how long, we don't know, but I think it could be several quarters during our FY '24. India has been very strong this year, of course. And I think we're expecting to see more commitments to lay in both coverage and capacity in India during our FY '24. So look, we've got leadership in many of these areas, like optical control systems, 5G, software-defined solutions. It's really a question of timing in my mind. But -- there's a lot of uncertainty in the communications market in totality and particularly in wireless at this point. So hopefully, that gives you the answer to your question.
Ambrish Srivastava: Well, I was asking about the overall business, Vince, not just about the Comms, sorry.
Vincent Roche: Okay. yes. Look, I think, Ambrish, the overall business. We see some trends, for example, that will transcend the inventory digestion problem. And even the macro-economy areas like digital healthcare, like aerospace and defense, the sustainable energy theme that we spoke to a little while ago. So again, I will just reiterate my sense is the inventory digestion problem will last probably two, three quarters, and then we'll get back into a unit volume increase from there on.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Thanks Ambrish.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys, thanks so much for taking my question. Prashanth, I don't want to be pedantic on Q1, but I know you said right now, down seasonal, but also as an extra week. That extra week, if I just linearize it is like a plus 7. So do those cancel out? Or is it like it's the week between Christmas and New Year, so it's not a lot of revenue? Or just how do I think about the balance of those two things into Q1, assuming a Q1 that was...
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So when I gave you my comments of down seasonal that was on a 13-week basis, the 14-week was just a reminder as you model it. So Mike, do you want to do the math, but I think you're essentially thinking about it right.
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. So as Prashanth said, let's take a first 13-week quarter. What happens normally in 1Q and a 13-week quarter our business is down, call it, 5%, plus or minus, total business. Now with an extra week, that adds about 7.5%, both on the revenue side and the OpEx side. So there's two pieces, normal, down 5% total company, in the 14-week quarter, you can add 7.5% of revenue and OpEx. That's the best way to think about it.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And thank you for clarifying that, Stacy, I wasn't clear in my answer.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. And then that would drop off into Q2, though, you go the other way in Q2. So Q2 under like normal circumstances would be worse than seasonal because you have that extra week drop off?
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. So again, you can parse it in normal times, 2Q is up, call it, 2% to 5% and a 13-week to 13-week quarter, if you take away an extra week, yes, you have a 7.5% headwind. They have got 1Q.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. I have another one, but I guess I don't want to get that band next time, so I....
Michael Lucarelli: I'll allow another question because that's a good clarifying question, Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. I just wanted to ask about OpEx into next year. So it sounds like you're guiding it to about $700 million in the Q4. How do I think about it next year into a revenue year that's likely to be down potentially reasonably materially. Like how should we think about OpEx just year-over-year for fiscal '24 versus '23?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. I think, Stacy, as we've always said, we run this business for the long term. So we're going to make the adjustments that are prudent to make on the discretionary side, adjusting the variable comp and where we can, but the value of this company comes from its innovation. So I wouldn't expect meaningfully more attack on the spending into 2024. But remember that our variable comp is designed to be highly accordion. So if '24 plays out as a down year, you will see that meaningfully unwind for us. Anything else...
Stacy Rasgon: Is that $700 million runway Mike, is that like the right run rate to think about?
Michael Lucarelli: That's not a crazy level to think about for the year. I think if you take a step back and look at kind of what we're trying to manage within our control. We talked about gross margin maintaining at 70% a trailing 12-month basis. So for the full year, I think we can do 70% gross margins, and our goal is to maintain our operating margins within our long-term target and the low end of that account 42% to 45%. So that's kind of some guardrails we think about as you're modeling out next year and what would be a down year for revenue.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks Stacy.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: Hi. Thanks guys. Congrats Prashanth on retirement. I wish I was joining you. I just had a question on the Auto end market. So you're saying that you expect it to do, I guess, better relatively than Industrial. Given how much inventory has been built there, and the upcoming UAW strike, do you think it's possible that Auto could get materially worse? Are you baking that into any kind of forecast? And then are you I guess, Auto supply chain customers talking about a potential strike and the impact on their inventory.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. All right. So thank you for the question. Chris, I think we're going to see you in a couple of weeks in New York. So on Auto, I guess some context first, we've grown for 12 consecutive quarters year-over-year. And including the fourth quarter, we're going to be up again. We said in the prepared comments that the lead times and the confidence supply is driving some of that acceleration in inventory adjustments and that's happening across all our markets. When we look specifically at Auto in the quarter and our growth rates there, the same strong growers, BMS, GMSL, A2B. They grew in the third quarter and both on a sequential basis and year-over-year. We expect kind of the similar strength from them into the fourth quarter. So I think that our outlook is, as Vince said, is really end market units driven and we have not yet put in a number nor have we received indicators from our supply chain partners that we should be making adjustments based on any disruption that could come from the negotiations that are going on right now.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think one other thing, Chris, to note is that, in general, there's more and more silicon value in cars every year, and that's true of ADI. We've got the switch to the electrification, which is, again, in pretty much the early stages of adoption. So there are some great growth drivers that will somewhat transcend the malaise, the economic malaise. But we still expect, overall, as Prashanth said, we've got many growth drivers that Automotive will continue to be the one of the better growth areas for ADI for the foreseeable future.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks, guys.
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Harlan Sur: Hi. Good morning. Sorry about that. So in Q3, disti was down, was about 62% of sales. It was down about 4.5% sequentially. So that's less than the total business. Shipments to our direct customers came down around 8%. So maybe you guys can just discuss the shipments and excess inventory dynamics around both for Q3 and here in Q4. Is the excess inventory situation a little bit more pronounced than direct customers? And maybe similar to your disti customers where you have systems in place to monitor sell-through? Like how do you monitor the levels of sell-through and inventories at your direct customers?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Great. Okay. So let's do a couple of pieces on that. First, as a reminder, for a distribution company to do business with ADI, you have to give us your sell-through data on a weekly basis in arrears via electronic data feed. So we know exactly where our distribution guys are doing business, and we use that to run the company, as Vince always said, we run it on a POS basis. We said in the third sorry, in the second quarter earnings call, we said that we had gotten a little ahead of ourselves in China and that we intended to undership China. In the third quarter, we have done that. We are now intending to undership all markets generally in the fourth quarter to continue to bring the channel level inventories down. We have limited direct data visibility into our end customers inventory levels, except for those customers where we have consignment. But what we do have is the which you don't have access to is we can see the sales data of our products into our broad set of publicly external customers and their corresponding revenue growth. And our team builds correlation data based on that to tell us how we're doing versus how their growth is. And that's what Vince was referring to that we have seen that their growth is accelerating versus our growth to them, which is why we have confidence that we are undershipping their end market demand, allowing them to pull inventory levels down, which, of course, it is safe to do so because now we can get our products to them within 13 weeks.
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Prashanth that's a great point you made the less lead times is the best indicator of what our customers' inventory levels need to be. if a customer can get product quick, they need to hold a little less inventory. So our lead time is improving is helping us give us better visibility into what the customers need to hold and what they're holding.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think Prashanth said earlier, 85% of our total portfolio now is available in less than 13 weeks. Big, big change since this time last year.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Harlan.
Harlan Sur: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I had two quick ones, if I may. One on pricing. Vince, you mentioned that in the near term, it's more of a unit correction as opposed to a correction in pricing, which makes sense. To the extent foundry pricing improves into 2024, would you be in a position to share that sort of cost down, if you will, with customers the same way you've sort of passed on higher costs over the past couple of years? And then a second quick one for Prashanth. DOI 179, I think that's up, call it, 50, 60 days vis-a-vis pre-pandemic. How should we think about the new normal going forward? And how quickly can you get there?
Vincent Roche: Sure. Let me answer the pricing piece first, Toshiya. There are really two parts to it. One is we have 75,000 product SKUs that are established and are the bedrock of the franchise of the ADI. They're very sticky. The product life cycles tend to be very, very strong. And they tend to be once they're designed and fairly price insensitive. And we're actually -- we're also, by the way, increasing the value of our products each year. We're managing the portfolio in terms of pricing. We're looking for elasticity, which is just a normal part of portfolio management. But -- we're also adding more value to the products that we're introducing to customers, the new products. I think the benefit of lower costs will come at the design-in phase if we do get lower cost, which from our third-party which, by the way, I think, is very, very unlikely. So I think the message is pricing is stable and very, very franchise is very durable.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And I'll do the DOI one very quickly here, Toshi. So 179 days, balance sheet inventory grew call it, low single digits sequentially on a dollar basis. We have high confidence that we will exit Q1, taking out at least $100 million of inventory value. and the production plans are being oriented to allow us to do that. The days target, we have a model, but we've agreed that it is appropriate for the next CFO really to bless that model because they're going to own that and they need to kind of go through that map. So I can tell you that it's not going to be at 180 days, but I don't think we get back to 120 days. So we'll come back to you at some point on what that looks like.
Toshiya Hari: That's very helpful. Thank you, both.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks Toshi. Take last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Josh Buchalter with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Josh Buchalter: Hi, guys, thanks for squeezing me in. And Prashanth, congratulations on the great run. You mentioned a few times under shipping in the print and the guidance. I was hoping you could maybe quantify the extent or maybe provide any sort of guidance to the amount that you're under shipping? And then given it sounds like seasonal fiscal first quarter isn't off the table. Does that mean we kind of expect you could be shipping to end demand exiting the October quarter? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I'll let Mike take the second part of that question because I'm not sure I fully comprehended it. But on the first one, so we have our business that goes through the channel and the business that goes direct. Business through the channel, we have the demand forecast from our distribution guys, and we are under shipping into the channel to help them pull inventory levels in the channel down. We said that in the second quarter earnings call that we were going to do that for China. This quarter, we're going to do it across the globe for all distis. Your second question on how to think about the under shipment into end demand that Vince referenced to. All I can really do is refer back to sort of the data analysis that we do. There's not a real way to aggregate that, except to say that we have a relatively good correlation between our end customers revenue growth and our growth to those end customers on an individual basis and when we look at how they grew in third quarter versus our shipments to them and how they're forecasting or you guys or consensus forecasting their fourth quarter growth versus our shipments to them, we know that we're going to be helping them to pull inventory levels down, which again makes tremendous sense because lead times have improved. And Mike, I didn't...
Michael Lucarelli: Sure. On the first -- it's good question. If you look at the first quarter, we always typically undership consumption in the first quarter, why? You see a lot of our customers reduce their working capital going into end of the year-end. So the down 5% in our -- seeing the seasonal first quarter is below consumption. I think after that, you get back to kind of what Vince was saying you get coming back to demand and consumption, all kind of imbalance. And then it comes to a question of macro, what's happening in macro in our second quarter. Thank you, Josh.
Josh Buchalter: Okay. Definitely helpful. Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Any time. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We once again will be on the road a lot this quarter. You'll find us in New York, Chicago, Florida, London and San Fran. Reach out to IR team to be notified when we are in your ZIP code. And with that, thanks for joining us and the interest in ADI.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-05-24 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter fiscal '23 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial statements and schedules at investor.analog.com. On to the disclosures, the information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release and other periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements, and these statements reflect our expectations only as the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law. Our commentary will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. We're comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vince.
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to you all. Well, I'm very pleased to share that ADI continued to execute well in the second quarter. We delivered our 13th consecutive quarter of revenue growth and record earnings per share. Notably, revenue was $3.26 billion, growing 10% year-over-year. And once again, this was driven by record results in our industrial and automotive sectors. Gross margin was nearly 74% and operating margin surpassed 51%, reflecting the innovation premium our portfolio commands and our strong financial discipline and EPS increased an impressive 18% year-over-year. Now I'd like to spend a moment on the current business conditions. We previously shared that our business was at an inflection point due to uncertain economic and the geopolitical backdrop. After three years of steady growth, customers are beginning to adjust their forecasts and rebalance their inventories. This is most pronounced in Asia, while North-America and Europe demand is moderating, but at a more measured pace. We expect this normalization of revenue will persist through the second half of 2023. Importantly, given our customer conversations and proactive decisions to improve lead times and right-size our backlog, we're in a position to deliver on our goal of delivering a soft lending. Stepping back, we've successfully navigated macro challenges many, many times before. Today, ADI has an even more durable franchise, defined by an unmatched diversity of products, customers and applications. A hybrid manufacturing model that better adapts to demand fluctuations, and of course, a fortified balance sheet. These characteristics instill a resiliency, that helps ADIs mitigate market weakness, and invest through economic cycles in critical areas that will define our future. Notably, unlike previous economic cycles, we have numerous concurrent secular growth drivers across all of our markets that drive more semi-content per dollar of CapEx. And we have exposure to sectors that will transcend the macro uncertainty, including areas like digital healthcare, aerospace, defense and the electrification ecosystem. So to that end, I want to highlight our digital healthcare business, which resides in our industrial end market. Healthcare is a market that is ripe for renovation and it's one that requires the highest levels of performance. Now currently, the United States leads the world in healthcare spending with more than $4 trillion spent in 2022 alone, approaching 20% of GDP. This amount has steadily increased over several decades, and unfortunately does not correlates to worlds leading health outcomes. Both the U.S. along with most international healthcare systems are still reliant on serving the majority of patients with critical or chronic conditions in large, centralized, acute-care hospitals, where specialized expertise and equipment resides. The pandemic highlighted the fragility of the system, underscoring the urgent need for remote physician consultation and distributed clinical grade patient care. This vision of a decentralized system to improve the accessibility, affordability and efficacy of global healthcare can only be realized through the proliferation of edge-based diagnostic and therapeutic technologies. ADI saw this promising opportunity early and made digital healthcare a strategic focus area over a decade ago. Over that time our R&D investments have expanded our portfolio from core signal processing, sensing and power technologies to more highly integrated application specific products to now full system level solutions. The result, our healthcare franchise has delivered seven straight record revenue years, generating $900 million annually and we're on track to achieve a new high watermark in '23 despite the macro backdrop. Importantly ADI has become an industry leader in three primary areas. The first is medical imaging, where our highly integrated products performed critical functions. This includes enhancing image quality, minimizing radiation dosage, improving system assembly, and simplifying field maintenance. Today, we've strong share positions in areas like CT scanners, digital X-ray and ultrasound. Next is automation and instrumentation. For example, our broad portfolio enables us to create the optimized signal chains required in applications such as infusion pumps, ventilators and defibrillators. Third is personal health monitoring. Here, our highest performance products are used throughout the operating room and the ICU, while more compact versions with lower power are designed into wearable devices performing both clinical and consumer wellness monitoring functions. Now let me share some of the examples of how we're seeing ADI's solutions shape the future of healthcare. The ultrasound industry is migrating from large cart based equipment to more compact mobile systems. Recently, ADI won the design as a market leader for their compact ultrasound system. Our solution leverages our complete portfolio including high speed signal chain and high voltage power technologies, to deliver the highest quality images at the lowest power in a smaller footprint. We're also developing an echo to bits technology to untether the ultrasound modality from the hospital and enable hospital grade care in even the most remote locations. Our solution uses proprietary ultra-low power analog technology that performs both the data acquisition and beamforming functions at extremely low power levels with embedded software algorithms. This allows the user to get cart based performance in a handheld form, without compromising image quality, resolution, or functionality. Now turning for a moment to robotic surgery. Currently, only about 15% of the world's surgical procedures use robotic technology despite the many benefits. These include greater precision, flexibility, and control during surgery and shorter hospital stays, fewer complications, and lower levels of pain for patients. We already designed in, at the largest robotic surgical suppliers with our suite of precision motor control, signal processing, power management and sensing solutions. And with content per system in the thousands of dollars and performance demands increasing exponentially, this application is poised to deliver significant growth in the years ahead. In the area of personal health monitoring, clinical grade vital signs monitors are converging with consumer wellness wearables. Now this is an emerging market for our comprehensive suite of technologies, including our sensor AFEs, microcontrollers and ultra-low power technologies, which has been strengthened by the integration of Maxim. For example, in diabetes management, ADI has long been a leading supplier of blood glucose monitoring technology. Now we're working with key customers in the next-generation of continuous glucose monitoring. Our solution increases the level of robustness, accuracy and power efficiency of the glucose sensor, thereby extending its life from days to weeks. And there is much, much more to come. We are extending our reach into innovative medical products that connect our hardware with cloud-based connectivity analytics and service. I'm delighted to share with you that our first non-invasive chronic disease management device is undergoing marketing clearance with the FDA and I look-forward to sharing more as this new market has the potential to significantly expand our healthcare segment (ph). So big picture, we're shaping the digital revolution in healthcare. ADI's ability to go from component to system supplier underscores our deep domain expertise and unrelenting focus on innovation. Setting us apart from the pack, not only in healthcare, but in all of our markets. So while there is near-term uncertainty, we are excited about the long-term opportunities that lie ahead. The center of gravity for data processing is shifting from the cloud to the edge. And ADI where data is born is at the center of this evolution, enabling the next waves of innovation for our customers. Now before I hand over to Prashanth, I want to address our announcement that he will be leaving ADI at the end of the fiscal year. I want to recognize, Prashanth for his many contributions and for his partnership over these past six years. He has played an important role during a period of extraordinary growth and value creation for ADI, including help build a robust finance function and fostering strong investor community engagement. Please know that Prashanth will be remaining in his full capacity and continuing to engage with all of you while we identify our next CFO through a search process that is now underway. And with that, I'll hand it over to Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. It has been an honor to serve as the CFO of this phenomenal company and lead this world-class finance organization. As Vince mentioned, I'm fully committed to ensuring a smooth transition and I look forward to engaging with all of you during the coming quarters. I do want to express my deep appreciation to Vince, both as a coach and a mentor, but also for introducing me to this magical world of semiconductors. As my boss often says, we truly are the bedrock upon which the global technology industry is built. Now turning to our second quarter results. As usual, my comments today with the exception of revenue will be on an adjusted basis, which exclude special items outlined in today's press release. We delivered another very strong quarter, record revenue of $3.26 billion exceeded the midpoint of guidance and represented ADI's 13th consecutive quarter of sequential growth. On a year-over-year basis, we grew 10%, led once again by all-time highs in industrial and automotive. Breaking it down by market, industrial, our most diverse and profitable business represented 53% of revenue and finished up 3% sequentially. Year-over-year growth of 16% was broad-based, notable gains in sustainable energy, aerospace and defense. These markets in addition to healthcare, which Vince just highlighted are much better positioned to withstand cyclical slowdown and together they represent roughly 40% of industrial revenue. Automotive, which represented 24% of revenue, once again exhibited broad based strength, growing 10% sequentially and 24% year-over-year. Secular tailwinds fueling content growth continue to drive ADI's leading battery management and in-cabin connectivity solutions, which combined increased nearly 40% year-over-year. Communications, which represented 14% of revenue, decreased both sequentially and year-over-year, due to the ongoing inventory corrections across this end market. And lastly, consumer at 9% of revenue was down more than 20% sequentially and year-over-year, after several quarters of softness, consumer revenue is close to its COVID low, suggesting that the correction is nearly complete. Moving on to the P&L. Gross margin of 73.7% was up slightly sequentially due to favorable product mix. OpEx at $733 million was in line with last quarter and op margins of 51.2%, up roughly 100 basis points year-over-year set a new record. Non-OP expenses were $48 million and our tax rate was 11.4%. Remember that Q2 is typically our lowest rate. All told, EPS came in at $2.83, up an impressive 18% year-over-year. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of cash and a net leverage ratio of 0.8. We've discussed many times our decision to hold more finished goods inventory versus restocking the channel. Thus, our days of inventory increased to 168, and channel inventory weeks were basically unchanged. As we outlined a quarter ago, we expect inventory dollars will decline in the second half as we balance the replenishment of die bank and moderate external purchases. Moving to cash flow. CapEx was $284 million in the quarter and $930 million over the trailing 12 months, representing 7% of revenue. As a reminder, we outlined at our Investor Day that we expect CapEx to be high-single digits as a percentage of sales in 2023 and then declined in subsequent years to our longer-term target of mid-single digits. These investments will support our long-term growth plans and enable strategic swing capacity between our fabs and our foundry partners. The flexibility of our hybrid model across different geographies, enhances our resiliency. It offers our customers additional optionality and it provides an important financial shock absorber during times of volatility. Of note, our CapEx spend to-date does not include the benefits of both the U.S. and the European tax credits and grant funds that we anticipate from both the U.S. and European CHIPS Acts. Over the trailing 12 months, we generated $4 billion of free cash flow or 31% of revenue. We've returned $5.1 billion to shareholders, $3.5 billion in buybacks and $1.6 billion via dividends. We remain committed to our shareholder friendly policy of returning 100% free cash flow over the long term. Now before moving to the outlook, I do want to provide some additional details on the evolving business conditions. As Vince shared in his remarks, customers are adjusting forecasts and rebalancing inventory. At the same time, our lead times continue to improve with over 70% of our portfolio now shipping in under 13 weeks. This gives customers high confidence into the timeliness of our supply. The result book-to-bill as we outlined last quarter remains below parity in all markets and our backlog due in the current quarter has returned to its typical coverage range. As a result, total backlog continues to decline, but just under a year of revenue, it's still 2x regular levels. And lastly, after a strong start to the second quarter, demand quickly deteriorated in Asia, impacting channel sell-through. As a result, we plan to reduce channel inventory in this region. And in the third quarter, we are planning for sell-in to be below sell-through for the total company. Given these dynamics, we are guiding third quarter revenue to be $3.1 billion, plus or minus $100 million. At the midpoint of our outlook, we expect industrial and auto to be down low to mid-single digit sequentially, communications down around 10% sequentially, while consumer will increase sequentially. Op margin is expected to be 48.5% plus or minus 70 bps. The decline in op margin relates to our annual merit increases, changing product mix and a reduction of manufacturing utilizations given the softer environment. Our tax rate again between 11% and 13%. And based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $2.52 plus or minus $0.10. While the near-term operating environment is a difficult one, our diversification and exposure to key secular trends is expected to help mitigate the revenue impact. In addition, we have key levers to help us minimize margin volatility. This include our flexible hybrid manufacturing model, which allows us to quickly reduce spend on external wafers and moderate the impact on internal utilizations. Our variable compensation program, which has a true accordion like function, allowing us to reduce spend, while still investing in key long-term areas. As a result, we expect a durable earnings stream, and solid free cash flow generation, enabling us to take advantage of any share price dislocations. Before handing off to Mike, I want to remind folks that in June, we will be doing a deep dive on the burgeoning opportunity for ADI in the construction of gigafactories. And with that, let me pass it to Mike for Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. I want to echo Vince's comments and thank you for the partnership over the past six years, but I will warn you, it's not done yet, weve couple of more earnings calls together. So with that, let's get to the Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question please requeue and we'll take your question if time allows. With that, can we have our first question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for the question and thanks and best wishes to Prashanth. So my question really is, I'm trying to understand where is the incremental weakness, is that limited to Asia and within Asia is that industrial or automotive or both? And what about non-Asia demand, how has that changed versus what you had thought three months ago?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Vivek. It's been a pleasure to work with you, Vin, (ph) we still have a few quarters together. Everyone is focused on quarter-over-quarter, but I -- before I get to your answer, I do want to take a step back and look at the year-over-year because I do think that tells the story of share gains and the increasing content per dollar of CapEx, which is what we believe delivers that long-term shareholder value. If you look at our industrial and auto business, they are up year-over-year at the midpoint of guidance. Industrial call it roughly mid-single digit and auto mid-teens year-over-year. And this comes at a time when PMIs are below 50 and auto SAR is relatively modest. So while the economics and the cycle dictate the number of units our customer sell, which will impact our business, our share gains and our increasing content per dollar of CapEx is what we expect to help us outperform, which means we're going to decline less in bad times and accelerate good -- accelerate in good times. To your specific question, China definitely was, sort of the piece of new information that has developed over the year, over the more recent period. We are -- we have had three quarters of decline in China and we're expecting a fourth. We did see an uptick following kind of the resumption or the return to office after Chinese New Year, but that did fade quickly, and the result was we've got inventory a little higher in the channel there than we expected. Very confident that this is not a share issue. This is a reflection of what's going on in those markets. And it's broad-based across both the industrial and auto. Outside of China, I'd say that industrial and auto is holding up relatively well, especially North America, Europe and Japan. Not as strong as it was prior quarter, but it's not falling rapidly. And I would characterize it more as a measured slowdown. Comms and consumer, we've been talking about those in all those geographies, those remain weak.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. Prashanth, it's been great working with you. Wish you all the best. I know we're together for a few more months, but anyway wish you all the best. My question is on utilization and inventory levels. So could you give us a sense for where utilization is today, what's your plan for the second half, you did talk about inventory in dollar terms coming down in the second half, but if you could give us any color on the extent of that would really appreciate it. Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Tore. It's been great working with you. So, as we think about inventory, inventory is going to remain higher than normal because we're keeping the channel lean. This is something we started two or three quarters ago. From a dollar basis, inventory has peaked in second quarter as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and you should see dollar start to trend down from here, given the actions that we're taking, which is both reducing our external wafer builds, which is an opportunity that we have because of our swing capacity in our hybrid manufacturing model, and that also allows us to balance out the die bank building in our internal factories with softer demand and tap the brakes on internal (ph) utilizations. Utilizations, I would say, still are at elevated levels, so we expect them to start getting closer to what we would consider normal levels in the -- in our fiscal fourth quarter.
Vincent Roche: Tore, to give you a little context, in the outlook we gave, its about (ph) 48.5% operating margins that assumes gross margins come down from where they are today. That's mix and also it is utilizations, Prashanth mentioned. And then, OpEx was up a little bit in the third quarter based on merit increase offset some by the variable compensation. So that's kind of the math around that. And then as you said, as you look out, utilizations probably don't go higher in 4Q after 3Q. Just kind of give you a feel for the back half of the year.
Tore Svanberg: Great. Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Thanks for the question. We'll go to next one.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi.
Vincent Roche: Hi, Ambrish. We hear you.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, sorry. Sorry, I lost you for a sec. Thanks. Thank you, Prashanth, pleasure working with you as well. I just wanted to come back to the backlog. And you just went through this comment a little bit too quick for me. So the backlog as you said, 2x regular levels, but book-to-bill below and it is where the typical coverage ranges at this point. So I was really unsure what that means. More importantly book-to-bill should then be trending lower, as we go over the next couple of quarters, is that the right conclusion I should take away from those comments?
Vincent Roche: What I would -- I guess, let me, let's do this in two pieces. First, let's talk about our view on this correction. Obviously no correction is the same. But if you look over at history, Ambrish, most of these sort of downturns last for somewhere between two to four quarters, and it's our view that, that we're going to have weakness for the second half. But a couple of points around that. First, we are really seeing this as a rolling correction across the market, because obviously no market is fully immune, but I do think that we're better-positioned. Comms and consumer, I think we -- you would agree with us, the worst is largely behind us with. We've seen those correct over the last couple of quarters and we're actually being a little bit more optimistic about consumer as we go forward. Industrial and auto, we're starting to see some softness, but that's probably not going to just last a quarter. It's important to point out that we do have some areas of strength in industrial. We mentioned that in the prepared remarks. And auto really is going to continue to be a function of the of the SAR activity. From a bookings and backlog standpoint, the takeaways you want is, bookings overall continue to decrease, but they're basically sitting at about a year of revenue, the total backlog. What that means is that the backlog for the current quarter is now to normal levels, which means that we're back to a point where we will be relying on some book and ship to hit the guide and that's back to normal pre-COVID levels, and on a book-to-bill were below parity, which we had said for a couple quarters now that this was coming and that's pretty broad-based to sort of all markets, industrial and auto are a little bit better, but all markets, all geographies, I did call out on -- in I think Tore's question that China is certainly the weakest of that.
Ambrish Srivastava: Got it. Thank you. I'll queue back for another follow-up.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Ambrish. We'll go to next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great. Hi. Let me add my congratulations to Prashanth. Can you talk about the backlog being out over a year, when 70% of lead times are below 13 weeks. How much -- I know you've been pretty aggressive scrubbing that backlog. How confident are you that, that reflects real demand? And then, can you sort of describe, it seems like you're still getting a pretty decent amount of bookings, considering that people have booked out 52 weeks and can get product within 13. Can you just -- are people still placing orders beyond lead time to try to assure continuity? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah. Great question, Joe. Thank you. So first, yes, you're exactly right. When we talk about backlog being kind of roughly a year in value, that's phased over several quarters. So we have delivery dates from customers that are in future quarters, which sort of gives us confidence to what the future looks like. And now, we're sort of back to that stage that we've always operated in pre-COVID levels where there is a percentage of the current quarter's revenues that comes from turns business. So we're back to that state of normalcy, with the lead times down as they've improved with our manufacturing capacity additions. Now, there's no incentive for customers to keep giving us orders out with a significant advanced notice, they can get most of what they need pretty quickly. And that's the transition that you're seeing being reflected in the book-to-bill rate. But again, as I mentioned, we are expecting. And Vince has talked for a couple quarters now that, that we were expecting the macro impact to hit us, but we remain very confident that the content story we have is going to help mute the impact relative to others and given our end market exposure, as I mentioned, it's sort of going to be rolling through us. Consumer and comms are largely behind us, we will see auto pressure on units for a couple of quarters -- sorry, industrial pressure on units for a couple of quarters. And auto, we can't give you a good sense of, except to say we know we have a phenomenal content story growth there and it really will depend on consumer purchases.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. I think, Joe, at the margins, I think our customers have changed their behavior. It used to be that the world expect to be able to operate on a very rapid turns cycle. Now I think that, that will persist, but what will also persist is the change in behavior around aligning long -- customers allowing their long-term or longer-term demands with supply. And those are conversations that we're having continuously. So I think the behavior has changed somewhat, and perhaps we've got a new normal.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Joe. We'll go to next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with Citi.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. I'll add my congrats to Prashanth. I wish I was retiring too. I just had a, I guess a question or some more color on the correction. What do you think triggered it? Do you think it was just a function of the shortages going away and people always had a little bit inventory out there. And now they can -- they can start to cancel orders and then how bad do you think it could get. I mean your auto businesses tripled and your industrial business has doubled in the last two years unchanged. So what should we think it for like the October quarter and beyond?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah. Chris, I don't know that I would call it a trigger per se. I think that -- as I mentioned, we've been sort of rolling through this. It is just that there has been enough growth in some parts of our market that have overshadowed the pressure we've seen on comms and consumer. Now industrial, which is really the flagship is starting to feel a little bit of the impact from the higher interest rate environment. So that's coming through. But again I would call out that we've got a pretty sizable portion of that industrial market that is very recession resistant, that's the healthcare business, which Vince talked about the aerospace and defense, as well as our energy business. I think what I mentioned I think to Ambrish's question is, the piece that perhaps with most surprising to us is, we were expecting a stronger bounce in China, as they reopened from COVID and they got on the other side of Chinese New Year, and that recovery has not happened. And again, as I mentioned, we know that it's not a share issue. It is macro issue to that market. And what was the -- what was the second part of your question?
Chris Danely: Just how bad do you think it could get? Any color on October and beyond?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I'm going to -- I'm going to turn to the 40-year veteran of this business, who has seen multiple cycles and let Vince take that.
Vincent Roche: Yeah, Chris. I think first and foremost, what we're seeing now in our business is that the troughs are not as deep and the peaks are steeper than they used to be. There is more and more content in every one of the market segments that we participate in. So I think that's the way to look at the troughs are probably going to be -- they're probably going to be shallower. And also we've been very careful at managing our factories and making sure that we don't unnecessarily build inventory and ship product that perhaps isn't needed. So my sense is, we set ourselves for a softer landing just given how we've managed through the cycle and try to match demand of our customers as tightly as we can with the supply system. So, I think perhaps just given where PMIs are at, we would see at least a couple of quarters here of muted demand. And my sense is, when the central (ph) begins to turn, it will turn quickly.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah, Chris. Ill add a little bit about -- unit demand for the couple of quarters here. It's good to think like, we've grown 13 quarters of relatively. I think investors and sell-side people forget that you do have down quarter sometimes. And we're kind of going back to, what I'll call a bit more normal and a more normal 4Q, you kind of -- you see industrial kind of flat to down from 3Q, orders about flat. Comms not much activity happening right now in that market and consumer usually up a little bit. And if you look at our 1Q, a normal 1Q for us, the B2B markets, which is industrial, auto, and comms are down, kind of low mid-single digits and consumer is down a bit more due to holiday builds. And then you get a 2Q pickup. Now that's not an outlook. That's kind of what the normal shape was pre-COVID.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. I can tell you as well, Chris, from conversations with our industrial and automotive customers, their sentiment is quite strong. I met the CEO of one of the largest industrial automation companies, very, very recently. And they see tremendous secular growth drivers. There is a rebound in demand from the pandemic stage, where a lot of factory, the CapEx to improve factories, efficiencies and so on was not spent, so that continues. The whole sustainability challenge is on everybody's mind. So there are many reasons to believe that we're going through a short-term period here of reconciliation, normalization of demand and supply, but my sense is, things will recover in the industrial market pretty rapidly. And in automotive, it's a case of, we're getting more and more share in the areas that count with our connectivity products, the electric vehicle portfolio that we've got. And there still reasonable demand, I would say, for mid to high end automobiles. So, we see this as a relatively short-term reset.
Chris Danely: Thanks, guys. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Just want to echo the congrats for Prashanth. A quick clarification then a question. The clarification is when you talk about the second half being a little bit weaker is that fiscal year or calendar year? And then the two question is on the automotive side of things. You've mentioned a couple of times that it's kind of SAR dependent, but the bigger trend in automotive over the last few years has been mainly content. And you guys have benefited from that as well. I think you're one of the first companies in the semi side to guide that down, albeit minimally on a sequential basis. Has something changed there, that you're seeing that others aren't, is it inventory, is it demand, just anymore color on that would be helpful?
Vincent Roche: Yeah, Mike. You want to take that?
Michael Lucarelli: Yeah. I'll go the first part, Ross, I gave a little bit of comments around kind of what I thought would be for our fiscal 4Q and fiscal 1Q outlook based on kind of normalization. So you can kind of take from that and parse that with your question about is it fiscal second half or calendar second half and put it along that, it's both. With that, I'll pass it to on the auto side.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I'll take it. All right. Yeah. So look, we've grown 10 quarters in a row and the growth was -- for the last quarter was very broad-based, again across all applications. As we think about the outlook, we are beginning to see some softening though the underlying content growth continue and our top line should still prove to be a strong multiple of SAR. There is some decline that relates to our strong position in China EV. So when you asked about what's different for ADI, Ross, I think that the share position we have in China EV is probably one of those differentiating factors. And that is going through an adjustment as well. While China EVs are still expected to grow, it's not going to be growing as fast as we had originally thought. And so, as this market comes back, it's going to provide the tailwinds we need for our automotive businesses because we have very high share. Again take a step back, we remain very confident that this is a business with the strong product portfolio we have, battery management, in-cabin connectivity with GMSL, A2B, and functional safe power. These represent about half of our business and in a flat SAR environment, we are still going to be able to do double-digit growth.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Ross. And Liz, we go to our last question, please.
Operator: This question comes from the line of William Stein with Truist Securities.
William Stein: Thank you for taking my questions. Two quick ones, if I can squeeze them in. First, I wonder you've been very optimistic or relatively optimistic about pricing in the past few discussions we've had, essentially highlighting that foundries are either still raising or certainly not lowering and you're having no problems passing that on. I'd like you to comment if there is any update in that regard. And then the other is just to try to get maybe linger a moment and get a better understanding for what happened in China, because earlier in the quarter, I think you've met with us and some other investors and discussed how business there was recovering. What -- how can you explain how quickly this seems to have changed from improving in China to suddenly getting even worse? Thank you very much.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah. Thanks, Will. I'm going to do the China one first, so Vince can address the pricing one. The China one is pretty straightforward. We -- as most of the industry, we were watching the recovery coming out of the multi-quarter shutdown in China as well as the Chinese New Year activity looking to see business begin to return to normal levels, given that we had couple of down quarters. We saw a pop-in activity and order activity in the -- as we came out of Chinese New Year. Based on that, we made supply available to the channel that supply did not move as things kind of quickly got softer or didn't move as much I can say, didn't move as much. And therefore, that's why we've now said, for the current quarter, we are going to ship in less than we sell-through to help readjust that level in primarily in Asia. And with that, I'll hand-off to Vince to take the pricing question.
Vincent Roche: Yeah. Thanks, Prashanth. Yeah. Well, I think that the headline of pricing, is that it is very, very resilient. And I expect that to persist. In general, we're getting -- we're putting more value to our customers, we're giving more value to our customers. And in fact the core ASP of our product portfolio has been increasing, not including incidentally inflationary cost that we pass to our customers. So, I think one thing we can say for sure about our franchise is. Our products are very, very sticky, our products persist for many, many decades for example in the industrial sector. And we're in the post Moore's Law era, where the economic conditions have changed fundamentally. So I expect the pricing arena to be very steady across the industry. And in general in the years ahead and we will look for opportunities to pass on inflation, which is going to be persistent in the industry, I believe, in the coming quarters.
William Stein: Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Will. I thank everyone for joining us this morning. A couple of items before I'll let you go on your way. First, we are playing combined, our general ledger (ph) ERP systems this quarter. This represents one of our final steps for the Maxim integration. Given our typically fast reporting cycle, we've given ourselves an extra week to ensure everything runs smoothly. As such, we plan for our earnings call to be held in the third-week of August versus the second. Also, I wanted to flag that during these more uncertain times and consistent with our commitment for transparency for our owners, we plan being even more available for investors. Vince and Prashanth will be in New York, Boston, The Bay Area and London in the next quarter. Please reach out to the IR team if you be notified when we are in your neighborhood. And with that, a cognitive transcript will be available on the website. Thanks again for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-15 16:20:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. Id like to now introduce your host for todays call. Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Gigi, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our first quarter fiscal 2023 conference call. With me on the call today are ADIs CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche; and ADIs CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. On to disclosures. Information were about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as further described in our earnings release and in our periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only as date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in todays release. And with that, Ill turn it over to ADIs CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thanks very much, Mike, and good morning to everyone. Well, Im very pleased to share that ADI continued to execute exceptionally well in the first quarter of fiscal 2023, despite continued macroeconomic uncertainty. Revenue was $3.25 billion, up 21% year-over-year, strength was broad based with all B2B markets, up single-digits. Gross and operating margins were 74% and 51% respectively and adjusted EPS achieved another record at $2.75. Our continued success is driven by a relentless focus on customer collaboration, a growing demand for our innovative technologies and strong operational execution. We play a long game and are excited about what the future holds for us to ensure that we capture the opportunity ahead. Weve been steadily increasing investments in R&D, manufacturing capabilities and in partnerships that deepen our value to our customers now and over the long-term. For example, in R&D, weve invested $1.7 billion over the trailing 12 months to strengthen our core franchises and capture market opportunities presented by secular growth drivers. Over the same period, weve invested $760 million in CapEx to enhance the resiliency of our internal semiconductor manufacturing operations. These investments not only increase our operational resiliency, but also modernize our fabs to better address our sustainability ambitions. As mentioned in our press release, our industrial and automotive businesses remain strong as we gain market share. So this morning, I want to focus specifically on our industrial business, which continues to grow significantly despite the macroeconomic backdrop. Now, from a big picture perspective, the industrial market is the bedrock of ADI, representing more than half of our total revenue. Its also our most diverse and profitable business segment with tens of thousands of customers and products that sustain revenue streams for decades. Additionally, ADIs industrial revenue is derived from high performance technology in mission-critical CapEx-intensive equipment across the myriad applications. Our leadership position has been strengthened over the last decade as we intensified our focus in this market and invested over $5 billion in R&D activities to capture the opportunity across the hundreds of applications that characterize the industrial sector. This space is inherently fragmented and the unmatched breadth and depth of ADIs portfolio uniquely allows us to address our customers needs across the full spectrum of applications. With core component building blocks to application-specific solutions that encompass analog, digital and algorithms. Today, were seeing the rise of new industrial applications that require more sophisticated and more complex architectures as machines become more intelligent and more sustainable. This is driving more semiconductor content per dollar of CapEx, unlocking new opportunities for our portfolio. While this transformation is benefiting all of our industrial applications, including healthcare and aerospace, let me share how were winning an industrial automation and instrumentation more specifically and discuss the burgeoning opportunity across the electrification ecosystem. So, starting first with industrial automation. Here, our customers are upgrading their factories with more automation and connectivity to increase output with greater energy efficiency. ADIs broad portfolio helps customers create these more resilient and flexible footprints while lowering their carbon emissions on the journey to net-zero. As an example, at a leading U.S. robotics manufacturer, weve won additional content across power sensing and GMSL connectivity. Our systems approach reduced our customers design time and increased our content per cobot by 4x. Also in the last quarter, our IO-Link solution was designed in at multiple leading industrial automation customers. These solutions are critical for delivering robust connectivity to the edge of the factory floor. Turning our attention now to our instrumentation and test business. This subsector is highly aligned to secular growth trends from connectivity to AI-assisted compute to electrification to drug discovery and gene therapies. The consistent thread across this diverse set of applications is the growing complexity that requires more advanced metrology and test. The results, our average content per system is now 2x to 3x higher. Further, the localization of semiconductor supply is providing additional tailwinds for our test business. Weve secured multiple design wins in North America as well as Asia for memory and high-performance compute. And finally, on to one of our fastest-growing areas, the electrification ecosystem. The collective need for a more sustainable future is driving massive growth in electrical grid infrastructure. Now let me share two examples with you. First, industrial and automotive companies have announced more than $300 billion of investments in greenfield gigafactories, essential to the production of batteries to proliferate the electrification ecosystem. These gigafactories will drive additional demand for our formation and test solutions critical to producing higher density batteries. Further, given the inherent safety hazards of using higher cell voltages, these factories will also provide new growth vectors for ADI. In our sustainable energy franchise, were leveraging our industry-leading automotive BMS solutions into energy storage systems for electrical grids and fast-charging infrastructure. Weve won designs at leading EV infrastructure manufacturers in North America, Europe and Asia, putting us on a path to more than tripling this business in the coming years. Of course, while no market is fully immune to adverse economic cycles, our industrial business is highly diversified and aligned with secular trends. This has translated to more durable revenue streams with sales in this sector increasing more than 25% over the trailing 12 months despite a weakening economic backdrop. But looking ahead, we see continued strength in this franchise as the breadth and depth of our portfolio, our deep customer collaborations and design win pipeline momentum underpin our new phase of profitable growth. So in closing, ADIs business model is diverse, resilient and rich with opportunity. Im very optimistic about what our future holds as we drive enhanced value for our customers employees and shareholders as well as society at large. And so with that, Ill hand you over to Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our first quarter earnings call. My comments today, with the exception of revenue, will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in todays press release. First quarter revenue of $3.25 billion finished at the high end of our outlook, driven by continued share gains in industrial and automotive. Our B2B markets represented 89% of revenue, up 25% year-over-year and increased 2% sequentially despite our first quarter typically being down. Now lets look at performance by end markets. Industrial, our most diverse and profitable end market represented 52% of revenue and hit another all-time high. This business has grown sequentially for 12 consecutive quarters. All markets increased year-over-year, led by automation, sustainable energy, instrumentation and test. Automotive, which represented 22% of revenue, also achieved another record, increasing 29% year-over-year and 6% sequentially. All applications grew double digits year-over-year as our market leading positions across battery management and in-cabin connectivity continue to deliver significant growth. Communications, which represented 15% of revenue, grew 18% year-over-year. As expected, comms declined slightly sequentially as strength in wired was offset by softness in wireless due to the timing of 5G deployments. And lastly, consumer, which represented 11% of revenue, was down 5% year-over-year and declined 14% sequentially given weaker market trends and seasonality. Now onto the rest of the P&L. Gross margin of 73.6% expanded 170 basis points year-over-year, unfavorable mix and cost synergies. OpEx was $733 million down slightly sequentially as we balance strategic hiring with the tight discretionary spend and synergy capture. Given our strong operating leverage combined with the synergy savings, our operating margin was 51.1%. Importantly, we have already captured nearly all of the $400 million cost synergy goals. As such, our communication will now turn to the revenue synergy opportunities from our combined portfolio and our complimentary customer base with Maxim. Recall that Anelise, our Chief Customer Officer, unveiled how we are strategically approaching these synergies during our Investor Day, and Vince has routinely highlighted some of these compelling opportunities over the past few quarters. To that end, we are closely monitoring and measuring progress from opportunity to design win to new revenue. And while it is still early, design win momentum to date has exceeded our expectations. This gives us increased confidence in achieving our $1 billion plus revenue synergy opportunity that we outlined at our Investor Day. Non-op expenses were $60 million, and the tax rate was just over 12%. All told, EPS came in at $2.75, up 42% year-over-year and hitting a new record. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.7 billion of cash and a net leverage ratio below 1. Days of inventory increase to 155, while channel inventory remains below our target level. Recall that last quarter, we outlined our strategy to rebuild strategic die bank and hold more finished goods inventory on our balance sheet as we moderate shipment into the channel during this time of inflection. Moving on to cash flow. CapEx for the quarter was $176 million and $764 million over the trailing 12 months, representing 6% of revenue. We continue to expect CapEx to be high-single-digits as a percentage of sales in 2023 and then decline in subsequent years to our long-term target of mid-single-digit. These investments will double our internal revenue output exiting next year and support strategic swing capacity between our fabs and our foundry partners. The flexibility of our hybrid model across different geographies enhances our resiliency and offers our customers additional optionality. Over the trailing 12 months, we generated $4.3 billion of free cash flow or 34% of revenue. Over this period, we have returned $4.7 billion to shareholders or over 100% of free cash flow via $3.1 billion of buybacks and dividends of $1.6 billion. We just raised our quarterly dividend by 13%, marking our fifth consecutive double digit increase, and 19 consecutive years of increases. This is a testament to our durable operating model that has generated positive free cash flow for 26 consecutive years. As a reminder, we target 100% free cash flow return. The dividend is the cornerstone of this policy, and we look to increase our dividend at a 10% CAGR through the cycle with remaining cash used for share count reduction. Now, similar to prior quarters, Id like to give a brief update on the operating backdrop. First, on markets. Industrial orders, as Vince highlighted, remain the strongest followed by automotive, while comms and consumer remain weak. Given the rapidly changing environment, we are diligently working with our customers to remove orders that they may no longer require. At the same time, we have increased our supply by growing our internal output and working with our foundry partners. These actions have reduced our lead times with half of our portfolio now shipping in under 13 weeks. Despite this, backlog coverage remains around one year of revenue. As such, we expect our book-to-bill will remain below parody over the next couple quarters as our backlog returns to more normal levels. Given these dynamics, we are guiding second quarter revenue to be $3.2 billion plus or minus $100 million. We expect continued sequential growth in our industrial and automotive markets and another sequential decline in our communications and consumer markets. At the midpoint of our outlook, revenue will be up high-single-digits year-over-year with our B2B markets up over 10% once again. Operating margin is expected to be 51% plus or minus 70 basis points. Our tax rate is now expected to be between 11% to 13% for the year. This guide reflects the new U.S. tax requirement to capitalize R&D expenses for tax purposes, resulting in higher upfront cash tax payments, but lowers our effective tax rate temporarily due to the deferred tax accounting requirements. Based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $2.75, plus or minus $0.10. In all, the macro backdrop remains uncertain. However, we remain cautiously optimistic on the near-term, given the resilient strength across our industrial and auto businesses, which represent over 75% of our revenue. Longer-term, we remain well positioned to drive growth enabled by our diverse high performance portfolio aligned with the key secular trends at the Intelligent Edge. Let me now pass it back to Mike for our Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Lets go to the Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants in the call this morning. If you have follow-up question, please requeue. Ill take your question if time allows. With that our first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess the  my question really would center around the industrial strength that youre seeing. You talked in great detail around kind of emerging new markets as well as increasing content yet, I think a lot of investors are focused on kind of declining PMIs around the globe. And so wed love to hear your thoughts on why your business is, acting so very different from, maybe some of the larger macro trends. And perhaps more color on how much of it is content? How much of it is maybe emerging growth areas that are not reflected in some of these PMIs would be very helpful? Thanks so much.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, C.J. So, I think first and foremost, our success isnt by dent of chance. Weve been investing heavily in this market for more than a decade, and its really our focus. Its our core, its the core of ADI and from both an R&D and customer engagement perspective, weve been really doubling down here over this decade plus kind of time span. And weve been gaining market share for sure. We have  compared to even kind of three years, four years ago, we have  weve always had a very strong position in the signal chain, the kind of data path processing electronics, but weve been able to, with the acquisitions of LTC and Maxim, weve been able to bring very strong competitive power portfolio to bear as well. So, I think from a portfolio perspective, were in much better shape. I pointed out in the script as well that when we talk about industrial, its truly the industrial sector. I know many competitors talk about other kind of indescribable sectors or businesses that are not well understood, like consumer, for example, other consumers. So, I want to point that out as well. We have, as I said, many secular growth drivers in play. We see the average content per dollar of CapEx spend increased at a pretty meaningful level across all the applications, including instrumentation, factory automation is changing also. Its bringing more sensing, more compute to the edge and all of that is driving content gain for ADI. So, I think they are the primary drivers of the business. And yes, PMIs are, I would say, in the kind of retraction zone right now, but we see stabilization. And I think when China comes back as well, which is likely to happen, we believe, over the coming months, that will drive things even further into a positive zone.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: C.J., this is Prashanth. Ill just put one more thing just to help folks understand kind of the breadth of that growth. All of our submarkets were up double digits year-over-year, and most of them increased quarter-over-quarter. And if you look at it by geography, we had strength in America, Europe and Japan, again, all up double digits year-over-year, offsetting a weaker China. So this industrial strength was very broad-based.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, C.J.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I actually had a pair of kind of related question, which is how long can book-to-bill remain on before it starts to become, [indiscernible]? And usually, if I look historically for ADI, generally, the second half tends to be better than the first half. What would support that view or prevent that from happening this year?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. Yes. So Vivek, let me maybe take a walk through cancellations, backlog lead times to help answer that. But I do want to clarify, you said on book-to-bill. Our book-to-bill is sub one. I thought I heard you say it was one. Our book-to-bill is sub one. We told you that was happening a couple of months ago, and Id expect to carry for another quarter or two as we get through this backlog. So on the backlog, weve been saying for a while now that weve got record backlog, and we are working with our customers and our disti partners to get this rationalized with what customers need today versus perhaps the orders they had placed on us six months or nine months ago when we had very long lead time. This progress is what is being reflected in that book-to-bill ratio below one. I think that it will probably be below parity for another quarter or two as we get back to normal backlog. Lead times, the supply-demand imbalance is definitely getting better, slowly, but its getting better. Were getting more wafers externally, thanks to the hybrid model. We have the flexibility to do that as well as the investments were making internally as weve talked about with our CapEx deployment to increase production. So, we have about 50% of the portfolio under 13 weeks today, meaning it can ship within the quarter, and thats going to continue to improve over the  through the second half. So takeaway sort of given lead times falling, bookings getting higher quality compared to year ago as customers arent ordering for stuff way into the future. And at the place backlog, and we feel this is positive for visibility, and were really getting to true demand.
Vivek Arya: And anything on second half, Prashanth, because it looks more like a soft take of then a soft landing from the trends?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So, I dont want to go out too far, but Ill just give you a couple of comments here. And if Vince wants to make any long-term comment. We feel good about the outlook for the second quarter given the resiliency in auto and industrial. As I said, 75% of our sales come from those two segments, and we still have a year for the backlog. Beyond the second quarter, its hard on the one hand to make a call, given that we have strong backlog coverage, but we also understand theres a lot of macro uncertainty out there and things are changing fast. So, Im not going to make any predictions one area to pay attention to, and Vince made a comment on this, is China. I think we and many companies are watching China. If demand accelerates in the second half given sort of the optimism on consumers and government that would be  that would be good for a number of organizations. Vince, anything more longer term, you want to add on that?
Vincent Roche: Well, I think, Prashant, weve clearly built a lot of resiliency into the way we run the company into the business model as well as the manufacturing operations. So, who knows what the second half is going to bring. But what I can tell you is that  weve been through many, many cycles before and never have we been better positioned in our history than we are now from a portfolio, from a customer engagement standpoint. So  this industry is likely  its taken us kind of 20 years to double from kind of 2000 to 2020, weve probably doubled the content that the industry builds over the next 10 years. And I believe ADI is very, very well positioned given the strength, as I said, of our portfolio, our customer engagements, and this hybrid manufacturing model that weve got in place to enable us to capture the upside and manage the downside.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Vivek. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you and congratulations on the results. So on Maxim now that were sort of moving from the cost synergies to the revenue synergies, are there any particular areas that we should keep an eye on there, whether end markets or product categories where you expect to see that $1 billion in synergies?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, let me  lets do that in two parts. Ill give you a little bit of context so that everyone remembers what we talked about and then hand over to Vince. So weve closed on the cost synergies. We feel great about that. So were focusing now on revenue synergies, and were tracking ahead of schedule. We think about that synergy in stages. So first we need to identify the socket, we need to win the socket, we begin shipping to the customer, and then we hit volume. So we are tracking all of those stages through our internal material. As I said, Anelise gave you a target in April to come  to deliver $1 billion of incremental. Vince is holding her to a higher bar than that. So shes on track to hit that $1 billion. And weve got  weve seen early success. I think youve heard Vince share a couple examples over the last couple quarters. For example, in the  our ability to cross sell A to B as well as put GMSL into non-auto customers which is new. So let me pass off to Vince here for what are some of the other areas that were thinking about?
Vincent Roche: Yes. When we announced the combination, Tore, with Maxim, we pointed out two particular market areas where we thought ADI was underweight, where power in particular, power management was really important, power in data center, for example. And as the compute density skyrocket, and in fact in the compute area, performance and power are pretty much one and the same thing. So we have now a very competitive power portfolio that we can bring to more application specific areas such as data center as well as automotive. The  I think a very positive surprise is that the connectivity portfolio based on GMSL, the multi gig serial link is that not only are we gaining more and more traction in automotive, but also were bringing it to other areas such as industrial, as Prashanth mentioned. BMS, weve got 16 of the top 20 wired BMS OEMs sockets in the top 20 OEMs. And Maxim strengthens that portfolio as well. So in industrial, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that the I/O link technology is very, very, that Maxim brings to bear is very, very complementary with ADIs data path solutions. So I think there are multiple areas and I think the message I want to convey here is that I was always optimistic about what we could do with a greater channel, more cross connectivity to the ADI portfolio. But Im more enthusiastic than ever based on what Im actually observing now with the various markets and customers in which were playing.
Tore Svanberg: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from Citi.
Chris Danely: Hey, thanks guys. Just a little more clarification on the lead times and the shortages. So you mentioned that half of the portfolio has lead times of less than 13 weeks right now. Can you talk about what that was three months ago? And then when would you expect the lead times to, I guess, largely normalized and with a couple flat quarters? And it seems like you got plenty of inventory. Why arent these lead times normalizing a little bit faster? Thanks.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Chris let me  Michael have to remind me where we were three months ago. But the  so the supply demand balance is getting better. And were getting that  were getting more wafers, so  in addition to our internal production. The way to think about the lead times is weve got half the portfolio shipping within the quarter. And certainly in the next quarter or two, we will have the overwhelming majority of that down to within one quarter. The inventory build as I mentioned, is in part due to our desire to kind of keep more inventory on ADIs books because we are clearly in a period of great uncertainty and were being very mindful of putting too much to our channel partners when theres this much uncertainty out there. So that will  as lead times improve, our channel partners can count on us to get what they need in quick terms, and then well be able to more reliably think about whats the right stocking level for the channel.
Michael Lucarelli: Okay. And Chris to your question, where was it beginning the quarter. If you look at that metrics under 13 weeks, beginning of the quarter was probably about 25% of the portfolio. So we doubled that number and Prashanth laid out, we want to get it close to a 100% exiting this year. And I know Vince is pushing hard to get even sooner than that. I think the biggest takeaway at lead times is the short lead times, the more high quality the bookings are. I think thats what we want to see is the true underlying of what demand is as those lead times continue to come in and why does it take so long while demand is strong, right? Demand is strong, its harder to reduce lead times in a strong demand environment.
Chris Danely: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe its a dumb question. But Im having a little bit of trouble squaring the majority of the portfolio getting to be within 13 weekly times together with a years worth of backlog. How do I square those two things? It feels like the backlog should be shorter if the lead times are actually like getting back to normal. Maybe the other way to ask it is when the majority of the portfolio has 13-week lead times, where do you expect that backlog to be?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, so Stacy, I think perhaps the missing elements of your  of how youre thinking about it is the assumption that that backlog is delinquent. It is not. The  when the lead times get extended, customers put the orders on us, but they also tell us when they want that product delivered. So theres a visibility curve to that backlog. It is not that it is all past due and needs to be shipped against.
Stacy Rasgon: Oh, I see. Okay. So youre  okay, so youve got orders out. We know that were going to be shipping this to you in six months and they placed it [ph]. So I guess where do you expect that backlog to be standing given what you see for demand once, say were in a quarter to pass this and the majority of the portfolio is shipping within a quarter. Where do you expect the backlogs to be?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Well, lets go back to the  if we get to  if we return to what was normal for us pre COVID, lets say thats the best perspective we can give you. If we return to what does normal look like then at the start of a 13-week quarter, we would have about 10 weeks of that quarter in backlog. And then there would still be some incremental backlog out there for future quarters, but it would be meaningfully smaller because customers know that they can put that order on us in essentially less than a quarters notice. So thats what normal looks like. Now, given the supply, demand challenges and the increasing importance of Analogs products to our customers, we may benefit from some greater visibility in the future, but I dont want to call that today.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. So I guess, does this mean, are you effectively over shipping demand right now because the backlog is pulling it? Or is that not the right way to think about it?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: No, I would  Im not sure how you would conclude that. We are  we have the  we have demand from our customers in that backlog that tells us. I want this product in Q1, I want this product in Q2, this product in Q3, and that is what we are matching up for. But it gives us a visibility that we have historically not had at this level. That is why they are not as incentive to put new orders on us, is because theyve given us those orders, hence book to bill below one.
Vincent Roche: Yes. One other thing were pointing out, Stacy, is that we run  our demand signals are sell through. We run our factories on the basis of POS demand rather than sell in or POA demand. So it gives us more integrity around the demand signal.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Okay. Thats helpful. I wont monopolize anymore. Thank you so much, guys.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks Stacy, for that three part question. You use your question for next quarter, so were not going to  have the call next quarter. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi, thank you. Im going to keep it to one. Mike, I dont want to get any of bad site. Vince, I actually wanted to focus on a bit on the long-term here. I was called out a much higher growth rate for analog and for themselves as a result. And I was wondering if you share the same view, I know you guys have had a 7% to 10%, and Vince you have always all the conversations over the years, you always felt that the analog industry going forward should grow faster than the 5.6 odd that weve seen over the long-term. So I was just wondering how you think about analog growth and you called out a bunch of secular drivers that, four or five years ago didnt even exist for the analog industry and broadly for semis. Thank you, Vince.
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks, Ambrish. Well, I think, as I pointed out in the prepared remarks, we are seeing more, for example, in the industrial space, more content per dollar of CapEx invested by our customers. And that trend has been in play for several years now. That coupled with ADIs portfolio strength, the breadth we have the, as I mentioned, the data path, which has been ADI core, ADI traditional strength, adding LTC and Maxim Power portfolios. That gives us the opportunity to tap into more of the TAM, so to speak. Half of the analog market, TAM is kind of data path. The other half is power. So weve now got the, the highest performance portfolio in the industry, the greatest breadth and depth. And, when you see whats happening there with healthcare, our digital healthcare business, which is getting on for, kind of a $1 billion over the next year, year and a half aerospace and defense, coupled with automation and instrumentation that weve talked about in the prepared remarks. Were very, very bullish about our ability to drive growth in the market. The other thing I want to point out is that we focus on driving our revenue growth through high quality innovation for which we get paid. We get three times the ASPs of the analog market at large, and we get more than that, compared to our biggest competitor. So I want to make the point that we focus on shipping value versus volume. So I think with the sector growth drivers, the way weve structured our business model, our focus on high performance and being able to capture more value with all the things we talked about over the course of the call here, Im focused on what we can do as a company and I believe were better positioned than ever.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Ambrish, Prashanth, maybe just a just two things to add. First our long-term growth model is built on all of our segments. So industrial certainly is an important, very, very important part of it. But we look for all of our operating segments to be able to contribute to that. Weve had two consecutive record years with greater than 20% growth. And with the numbers that weve shared today, were off to a strong start for 2023. Our 7% to 10% CAGR outlook, which we revealed, unveiled last April, already reflected a faster growth versus sort of the historical mid-single digit rate. And as we said in the prepared remarks, as well as in addressing, I think it was Tores question we have a, we have meaningful delta with the revenue synergies from Maxim, which is really idiosyncratic to the ADI story.
Vincent Roche: Yes, I just want to add one final comment to this, just want to add one final comment Ambrish, to this part of the conversation, Ive had innumerable conversations with CEOs across the globe over the last three years in particular, its certainly intensified with the crunch on supply. But I got two consistent questions from them. Irrespective of what sector theyre in, how can we get closer to ADIs longer term technology roadmap, and also how do we bond together more tightly when it comes to understanding supply chain and collaborating more together across those two dimensions. So thats the sentiment and I think given the way weve conducted ourselves over the last the last three years weve, were better positioned. Our brand is has been augmented and strengthened over the last several years. So yes, I think weve got a lot of strong logic as to why the market will strengthen and why ADI will be better positioned than ever to capture the opportunity.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Ambrish.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you. Ill jump back in queue. I dont want to get on mics.
Michael Lucarelli: Not a bad side.
Vincent Roche: Last question?
Michael Lucarelli: Last question please.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Theres second half uncertainty as you mentioned, probably more so in your comms and consumer businesses, maybe a little bit in industrial due to the soft PMIs as was mentioned earlier. But global auto demand trends, especially EVs remains pretty resilient, right? And you guys have a strong design wind portfolio and automotive that is starting to unfold. I know last earnings call, last month at CES, the team remained pretty confident on growing your automotive business this year by double-digit percentage on a flattish, sort of SARs. So, if you look at some of the third party research, I mean, SARs is forecasted to grow 2% to 3% this year. So is the team still confident on driving strong double-digit percentage growth profile this fiscal year on auto?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Harlan. Yes. So if we look at our outperformance versus SAR, it comes down to a couple items. First, as you mentioned, theres a mix of premium cars, so higher content per vehicle and EV growth is accelerating. And our content is 3x as high on an EV versus a traditional ICE car. Weve spoken at length that weve got real key content adders, our BMS product, our GMSL and our A2B are adopted and theyre really taking meaningful market share across all of our customer base there. And I think because of the performance that we bring to our customers, were able to capture value better than perhaps some others. So with those three working, were, we still feel pretty good that that were going to continue to have a, 2x to 3x multiplier on SAR. So I dont want to make a prediction as to what SAR is. So youve got a, I think IHS has a mid-single digit number, a lower mid-single digit number out there. But were for the year, I expect us to kind of be 2x to 3x wherever that lands.
Harlan Sur: Perfect. Insightful. Thank you, Prashanth.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you Harlan, and thanks everyone for joining us on the call this morning. Two quick ones before I let you guys go. Our next earnings call will be held a week later than normal, as Vince was asked to give a keynote at IMAX Technology World Forum. So do not panic when we see your announcement. The earning is not two and a half weeks after closed, but three and a half weeks. Second, were planning to restart our ADI on coverage series where we do a deep dive into a market in the coming months. The first one will be on some of the topics we hit on today, automation, energy efficiency, sustainability, electrification. So stay tuned for those. And with that, thanks again for joining us and interest in Analog Devices.
Operator: This concludes todays Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. As a reminder, this event is being recorded.  I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call. Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Betsy, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our fourth quarter and fiscal 2022 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO and Chair Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. On to disclosures. The information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as further described in our earnings release and in our periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law.  Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release.  And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vince. Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to you all. Well, I'm really extremely pleased to share that we delivered another record quarter, capping off what was a better year for ADI. Our fourth quarter revenue was $3.25 billion, and adjusted EPS was $2.73, and both at the high end of our outlook. For the fiscal year, revenue was $12 billion, up an impressive 26% year-over-year on a combined basis. Our Industrial, Automotive and Communications markets delivered all-time high revenues, and our Consumer business continued to grow despite industry-wide weakness. Adjusted EPS increased by nearly 50% to $9.57. We also delivered on our commitment to return 100% of free cash flow to shareholders in '22, returning $4.6 billion through share repurchases and dividends. These results not only exemplify the strength of our portfolio, but also our deep customer focus and the hard work of our employees to fortify ADI's brand.  To that end, in my recent conversations with customers, the message has been very clear. While we're not immune to supply disruptions, ADIs service, quality and support throughout this challenging time continues to be outstanding. Importantly, this sentiment is shared by customers of all sizes and across all markets. As a result, our customers are calling upon ADI to engage in longer term, more strategic collaborations to develop solutions that further empower the intelligent edge. So to ensure we remain at the forefront of technological advancements and customer service. We invested $1.7 billion in R&D and $700 million in CapEx in FY'22.  Now let me start with R&D. Our investments are targeted at strengthening our foundational high-performance Analog franchises as well as moving up the stack to create more complete solutions for our customers. A prime example is our Apollo platform, which we previewed at our Investor Day in April. Apollo is a flexible high-speed signal processing platform with unmatched levels of functionality, integration and performance, making it ubiquitous for all customers, but especially appealing to those in the broad market. During the quarter, we began sampling this innovative platform with our aerospace, communications and instrumentation customers and their feedback has been extremely positive. Turning now to the operations side. Over the last year, we invested a record amount of CapEx to increase our manufacturing output. And in 2023, we are, once again, investing aggressively in our U.S. and European factories to significantly expand our capacity. These investments will create a more flexible and cost-effective hybrid manufacturing model by increasing our swing capacity to around 70% of revenue in the coming years. Our R&D and supply chain investments are essential to support our design win pipeline, which expanded by more than 10% in '22. This growth was led by our automotive energy systems and digital healthcare businesses. Notably, our growth in Automotive was underpinned by battery management systems, or BMS, which now has an opportunity pipeline nearing $4 billion. This year, eight new manufacturers designed in our BMS solutions, including two that plan to utilize our wireless platform. Our strong leadership position combined with increasing EV penetration globally, gives me great confidence in our future growth prospects.  Looking now at some selected design activity in the quarter. In industrial automation, we were designed into an advanced diagnostic system that monitors machine health at a global supplier for energy exploration. Our system solution approach enables an approximate 50% reduction in size and lowers wiring costs meaningfully. In aerospace and defense, we won RF module programs at multiple defense prime contractors. Our modules integrate hundreds of components to simplify the design process for our customers, while increasing our content from hundreds to thousands of dollars per system. In industrial instrumentation, we secured wins at two market leaders of next-generation high-voltage testers for electric vehicles and renewable energy systems. The combination of our high voltage processes and precision technology enables us to deliver accurate, reliable, and efficient testing required to scale the manufacturing of these systems.  And lastly, in Communications, we expanded our leadership in 5G radio systems with our transceiver portfolio winning additional share at key suppliers. These new wins position us even better as 5G networks roll out globally, especially in India, and ORAN begins to proliferate. Importantly, our design pipeline is beginning to benefit from cross-selling our ADI and Maxim portfolios. This puts us on a path to achieve our target $1 billion in revenue synergies. For example, at a European auto manufacturer, we built upon our strong audio connectivity position to cross-sell our high-speed GMSL technology, connecting their advanced driver systems. We're also capturing new opportunities with GMSL in the Industrial market. Last quarter, for example, our technology was designed into autonomous order fulfillment systems at one of the largest e-commerce companies. We're also making great inroads with our broader power portfolio, where our opportunity pipeline increased by double digits last year. Our increased breadth is helping us to better match customers' performance and power trade-offs across more applications, expanding our power SAM to nearly $10 billion. For example, at a leading European industrial customer, our position in mid-voltage power for distributed I/O control systems enabled us to pull through additional power content and precision signal chain sockets, thereby doubling our content per system.  Our expanding pipeline and significant revenue synergy opportunities instils greater diversity and resilience into our business, while adding new growth vectors. And taken together, I'm confident in our ability to bend the growth curve and move from our historical mid-single digit growth rate to our long-term model of 7% to 10%.  So in summary, while the macro crosscurrents are creating an abundance of uncertainty, ADI has successfully navigated many slowdowns over the course of our 57 year history. The strength of our franchise allows us to invest through business cycles, ensuring we continue to deliver breakthrough innovation, deepen our relevance to our customers and capture the emerging secular opportunities at the intelligent edge.  And so with that, I'll pass you over to Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. My comments today, with the exception of revenue, will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. We closed fiscal 2022 as our second consecutive year of record revenue and profits. We delivered sequential growth each quarter, achieving a new all-time high of $12 billion in revenue; gross margins of 73.6% increased 270 basis points due to favorable product mix, stronger utilization and cost synergies; operating margin of 49.4% increased 700 basis points, reflecting strong execution on OpEx synergies and adjusted EPS increased nearly 50% to $9.57. For the fourth quarter, revenue was $3.25 billion, finishing at the high end of our outlook.  As I cover the performance by end market, both for the quarter and full year, my growth comments are on an adjusted combined basis where applicable. Industrial, our most diverse and profitable end market hit another all-time high and represented 51% of quarterly revenue. Growth was broad-based with each major application increasing sequentially and year-over-year. For the year, Industrial expanded 29% with growth in each business. Notably, digital healthcare was up over 30% and has now achieved seven straight record years. This consistent success in healthcare underscores the breadth of our ICs and subsystem solutions in a key secular growth market where such performance is critical. Automotive, which represented 21% of quarterly revenue, achieved another record year, growing both sequentially and year-over-year. For the year, Auto was up 31%, a favorable mix of premium vehicles, our growing BMS, GMSL, A2B and functional safe power franchises, combined with enhanced value capture drove significant growth compared to SAAR. Together, these franchises of BMS, GMSL, A2B and functional safe power represent over $1 billion of Automotive revenue. Communications, which represented 15% of quarterly revenue, achieved another record quarter with strong sequential growth in wireline, while our wireless business was about flat. For the year, Comms grew 27%. In wireless, our strong position in radio signal chains is enabling the 5G rollout globally. And in wireline, our optical and power portfolios benefited from the continued demand for bandwidth. Lastly, Consumer represented 13% of quarterly revenue and was up modestly sequentially and flat year-over-year. Despite a challenging year for the broader industry, Consumer finished up 8%. This growth is a testament to how we have diversified our Consumer business and the innovation premium our products command. Today, approximately 30% of revenue is derived from long life cycle prosumer applications, including next-gen conferencing systems, professional AV and home theater, while the remaining revenue in Consumer relates to the faster-growing wearables and hearables as well as premium smartphones. Now I'll move down the P&L for the fourth quarter. Gross margin was 74%, up 310 basis points year-over-year driven by favorable product mix and synergy capture. OpEx was $744 million, down slightly sequentially due to the realization of additional synergies. And operating margin increased 800 basis points year-over-year, finishing at a record 51.1% as we exited the year with roughly $350 million of synergies realized across OpEx and cost of goods in our run rate. This incredible pace of synergy capture would not have been possible without the dedication of our integration office and the cross-functional teams that supported them.  Non-op expenses were $57 million, and the tax rate was 12.2%. All told, adjusted EPS came in at $2.73, up 58% year-over-year.  Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.5 billion of cash and equivalents and our net leverage ratio continues to remain below 1. Days of inventory increased to 140 while channel inventory was once again below our target range of 7 to 8 weeks.  Let me provide some additional details on our inventory. But first, during these uncertain times, we believe it is prudent to temporarily hold more finished goods on our balance sheet instead of shipping into the channel. This provides us with enhanced flexibility to better align supply with end customer demand across regions and markets. Second, raw material and WIP are increasing as we begin to rebuild our die bank. Over the last couple of years, our die bank was drastically reduced. And in some cases, sits 50% below optimal levels. Die bank inventory is highly cost efficient and it's critical for customer service as it can be used for different markets and customers. We believe higher inventory is crucial to reducing lead times as we look to return to our 4- to 8-week target service level over time. Given these actions, we expect inventory to increase in the near term before trending back down as we balance die bank rebuild with finished goods depletion. Moving to cash flow items. CapEx was $305 million for the quarter and $699 million for the year or 6% of revenue. As we outlined at our Investor Day, we expect elevated CapEx through 2023 at around high single digits as a percentage of revenue. For fiscal 2022, we generated $3.8 billion of free cash flow or 31% of revenue. This is lower than normal given our higher capital intensity and onetime transaction and restructuring costs. These near-term headwinds were not unexpected when we outlined our long-term free cash flow target at our Investor Day and we remain committed to growing free cash flow to 40% of revenue. As a reminder, we target 100% free cash flow return. We aim to grow our dividend at a 10% CAGR through the cycle with the remaining cash used for share count reduction. And during the year, we returned more than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders. We repurchased $3.1 billion in shares, reducing share count by nearly 4%, while paying $1.5 billion of dividends.  So let me close with a brief update on the current operating backdrop. As we noted last quarter, the uncertain and slowing macroeconomic environment has had some impact on demand. However, after a couple of months of slowing orders, we saw bookings stabilize during the quarter at what we'd consider relatively normal levels for entering our first quarter. Not surprisingly, bookings remain the strongest in the Industrial and Auto, while Communications and Consumer are weaker. We're guiding first quarter revenue to $3.15 billion, plus or minus $100 million.  Given this environment, we thought it might be helpful to be a little more prescriptive in our outlook by market. So in the first quarter, we expect Auto to be up slightly sequentially; Industrial about flat; Comms to decline by mid-single digits; and Consumer to be down double digits sequentially. At the midpoint of our outlook, revenue will be up high teens year-over-year and our B2B markets increasing over 20%. Op margins are expected to be 50% plus or minus 70 bps. Tax rate is expected to be between 12% to 14%. And based on these inputs, adjusted EPS should be $2.60 plus or minus $0.10.  So stepping back, we are well positioned in the near term, but the environment remains highly variable and dynamic. ADI like the rest of the industry is not immune to a softer macro environment; and thus, we remain cautious, yet optimistic. Longer term, we have over a year of backlog and continued momentum in our pipeline. We also have high flexibility with our hybrid manufacturing model and several OpEx levers in our toolkit to support our industry-leading margins and maintain robust cash returns to shareholders. So let me now pass it back to Mike for the Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Now let's get to my fair part of the call, the Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have any follow-up question, please queue and we'll take your question if time allows.  With that, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: Yes, thank you, and congratulations on another record quarter. Vince, a question for you. When you talked about the design wins, some of the design win activity, we continue to hear more and more of the system solutions. And I was just wondering if you could add a little bit more color on how your growth is being driven by higher ASPs? So I'm not suggesting higher pricing, right? I'm talking about higher ASPs because all of your products, obviously, moving up the value chain to more of a system solution type perspective. 
Vincent Roche : Yes. So thanks, Tore. Firstly, if you look at our ASPs compared to the Analog sector, we have a 3x multiple. And versus our closest competitor, we have a 5x multiple, and that diversion has been growing over the last several years. So, we decided quite a while ago that across the markets and the applications that we really cared about that what was really important for us to do was boil down the increasing complexity that our customers are dealing with in their product development systems and activities. And so essentially, what we've done is we've taken that complexity into ADI. We get to the other side of that complexity with the quality of our innovations and our ability to be able to couple many, many different facets of our portfolio together in areas like power management. We're building these 3D stacked module systems, sometimes with ASPs of hundreds of dollars.  If you look at our 5G radio systems, same thing. We combine microwave. We combine data conversion, power, digital algorithms and so on and so forth. So we have -- within the company, we believe in diversity of technologies, solutions customers and that choice of business model, Tore, at the end of the day and how we execute it gives us the richer ASPs when compared with our competitors.
Michael Lucarelli: Go to next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Thank you for taking the question and happy early Thanksgiving. I guess I was hoping to probe a bit more around the cautious but optimistic view. You talked about orders stabilizing and a backlog that extends out 12 months. So I guess, first question, can you talk about what kind of scrubbing you've done on that backlog? And then secondly, based on that, how does that inform your outlook heading into fiscal '23?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah : Let me take that and help give some color on the demand, order booking. So if you step back and think about last year, the first half of the year, we had orders at historical highs. And then last quarter in the earnings call, we called out that orders are beginning to slow, and that's a decline actually continued into the fourth quarter. However, we saw orders start to stabilize about midway through the fourth quarter and into the first couple of weeks here of the first quarter. So there was bookings our strongest in Industrial and Auto, not surprising and weaker in Comms and Consumer, which I reflected in the guide.  From a geo standpoint, we'd say that not surprising. We're seeing weakness in Asia, especially China, but North America and Europe are holding up well. So given the combination of orders stabilizing and the backlog coverage that we have out, we feel pretty good about the near term. There is uncertainty out there, and things could change fast, but thats sort of what's driving our sort of cautious optimism.
Vincent Roche : Yes. One other thing, C.J., to note. We've said before, the signal we watch most carefully in terms of really trying to understand demand is sell-through rather than sell-in. So that, I think, gives us a deeper degree of reality and the match between true demand and supply.
Operator: The next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya : I actually wanted to follow up on that question. Vince or Prashanth, are you surprised why your orders and bookings are holding up better, even though all the headlines we see from a macro perspective seem to be getting tougher? So what is helping you? And then specifically within your Industrial business, is it fair to think that factory automation is perhaps the most macro exposed part? And if yes, how should we think about that specific part of your most macro exposed segment within the Industrial business going into next year?
Vincent Roche : Yes. So, well, let me start with the automation question. I've talked about a lot of the automation customers over the last while. And there continues to be, I would say, bullish expectation. I mean they're not immune from the macro. I think some of our customers are experiencing some soft cancellations in their business. But if you look at what's happening, we're going to see the life sciences transform. We're in the early stages of small batch processing in life sciences for manufacturing, for example. The energy sector is another area where, particularly the American, the U.S.-based automation customers, a lot of their businesses are -- they have a very large portion in the energy sector, oil and gas, for example, and that is likely to remain strong. So if that's a bedrock. I think that will remain strong for for several years to come.  We are seeing onshoring, reshoring. We're seeing movement of manufacturing, first time in India for the first time in a serious way. So my sense is, the industry won't outrun the macroeconomic conditions. But overall, I think the landing in terms of where demand will be softer than probably normal.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah : Yes. Maybe, Vivek, just -- first, just to emphasize something that we said in the prepared remarks, all subsegments in Industrial grew in the fourth quarter, and we feel pretty good about where we are.  From a strength in Industrial versus the other markets, I'd look at it two ways. First, from a supply standpoint as we were seeing demand softening in other markets, we have the ability to use our hybrid model to get more wafers from our external partners, and we are biasing this additional supply into the industrial market, which has remained resilient and strong. At the same time, recall, we made a decision early in the supply disruption to make sure that we were taking care of our broad market and our smaller customers who tend to be more on the Industrial side.  From a demand standpoint, the strength and resilience in the Industrial kind of speaks to where we play. We have extremely high share in those markets. And maybe to note versus our peers, some of our peers have cited weakness in -- I think they're calling it consumer industrial. We, on the other hand, put that business into our consumer. We call it the prosumer business, professional audio, video, et cetera. So when comparing us to peers, you'll see that our Industrial may be more pure Industrial.
Vincent Roche : Yes. I think as well, for the last decade, 12, 13 years, we've been treating Industrial as the bedrock of the company. So it gets first call on R&D investments, customer engagements. And never have we been more diverse in terms of geographies, customer coverage, depth of coverage, depth of engagement. So -- and also, we have product life cycles that stretch into the decades with very, very stable pricing. So I think all those factors combine to make this an extremely strong business currently, and we're very, very bullish about the future here as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Joshua Buchalter with Cowen.
Joshua Buchalter : Thanks for taking my question and let me echo Happy Thanksgiving. I wanted to ask about inventory levels and thank you in the prepared remarks for all the color there. I really understand the finished goods and die bank dynamics, along with the lean channel levels, but I was wondering at what range would we be at the point where you'd have to start taking proactive measures to lower inventories? I fully realize you haven't given an inventory target. But can you help us just directionally understand how you're thinking about that?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah : So let me start with fourth quarter. Balance sheet days are up to about 140 and the channel is flattish, and it's still below our desired 7 to 8 target. So the growth in inventory that you're seeing in our balance sheet is coming from a couple of different drivers. Certainly, inflation for our cost of goods, sales growth, which requires us to have more coverage of inventory and then the strategic decisions we made in the prepared remarks.  So I do just want to go through that one more time here. So we are temporarily going to hold more finished goods versus putting it into the channel. Because we believe that gives us the flexibility to align the supply with end customer demand across regions and markets. A bad outcome for us would be to give product to a particular distributor who doesn't have an end customer demand for that product, where someone else in a different market or geography is in need. Second, the die bank has really been dried out over the last couple of years. And I think I said, at some levels it's below 50% of where we want it. So die bank for us and for folks who may be less familiar with it, this is a product that has finished the front end, but before it goes to assembly and test. This allows us to get it through the back end in roughly four weeks. So it's quick turn, and it gives us maximum flexibility to put it across different markets. So investing in the die bank will help us get our service levels, which are critical for us given the focus we have on customer service, critical for us to get those levels back up.  So the result is, expect higher days in the first half, and then it will trend back down as finished goods burn out and the die bank comes to where we would like it to be. So our goal for the inventory is to get our lead times down to our old target, which was roughly 90% of our goods can be shipped within 4 to 8 weeks. And given the long life of our products, we always carry a pretty minimal risk of obsolescence.
Michael Lucarelli : Thanks, Prashanth. And Josh, one thing to add, you asked about utilization when we think about taking them down. One thing I wanted to point out is about our swing capacity and cross-qualification. So before we pulled down our internal utilization, we'll bring what we can back in from external, internal to support utilizations and our gross margins.
Operator: The next question today comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital.
Ambrish Srivastava : I'm going to ask the same question. I think we're all struggling with it. You guys won a lot of accolades for being super transparent last earnings call talking about the order trends. I think Vivek asked the right question, were you surprised? Is there a seasonality to it? I mean nobody doubts your positioning and how strong you are in your chosen markets. And Prashanth, thanks for clarifying the prosumer versus other companies calling it legacy industrial. But is there a seasonal aspect to it as well that orders stabilize because it's very contrary to what were seeing, hearing from other companies report, including many industrial companies? Because last time, you had said that you expected -- although order cancellations were very small, you expected them to climb in the current quarter. So I would love to get a little bit more color on that. And then a real quick tactical one on lead times. Where are the lead times now?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah : Sure. Yes. Let me just make a comment on cancellation. So we provided cancellations as a metric that we watch in the third quarter because we wanted to give everyone some context that we saw an inflection happening with orders. So it was in the spirit of transparency. However, I don't want to get into a pattern of reporting cancellation data every quarter. So if it was something meaningful, we would have called it out, which we didn't. So you can read that for what it is.  I would say that unlike others in the industry, we are proactively analyzing our backlog and working with customers to remove orders that they no longer want given the rapidly changing environment. So this strategy for us is to seek out cancellation. It helps us align our backlog with current demand, and it really gives us better visibility into where the supply needs and what we need to build. So that has increased our confidence in the quality of the backlog we have. It is still -- the coverage is out still over a year, but it is down sequentially. And so while we're always mindful that there can be some continued noise in that backlog, we feel pretty good about both the guide and as we mentioned, the near term.
Vincent Roche : Yes. I think the diversities, well, Ambrish, of the business in general is stronger than it's ever been. We're getting benefit. We're winning share in the power management market, that sector of our portfolio. And I think if you look at where we are in the Automotive sector, where we're getting a very strong tailwind from the electrification of the vehicle. In fact, we're gaining a lot of share in general, I think, within in-cabin and the electric vehicle. So I think we've got some tailwinds that are transcending the macro cycle here as well.  The only part of the business I would say that has a cyclical timber to it now is the Consumer area, where we have seen kind of the normal pattern there at the -- which happens at the tail end of the year.
Michael Lucarelli : And the question on lead times Ambrish. The lead times actually in the quarter, they have come down. I would say they're still extremely high and much higher than we want them to get. And Prashanth talked about how he wants to -- how he -- or we want to increase our inventory to bring down those lead times, but we have some products that are on time and some products that are lead time to 52 weeks. So lead times have come down overall sequentially from 3Q to 4Q, and that's reflected in kind of our outlook, our backlog, cancellations, everything that we gave you.
Operator: The next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon : I had a quick housekeeping question and then a broader one. The housekeeping question, you had an extra week in Q1 '18. So Q1 '23 would be five years later. Is there an extra week in the guide at all? And on the broader question, you talked about some of the OpEx levers that you have. I think last quarter, you talked about like in a 15% revenue down year, you could keep gross margins above 70. I guess the question is do you still believe that? And what would OpEx do in a scenario like that? What are some of the levers you would pull?
Michael Lucarelli : Stacy, I'll do the housekeeping. No, I guess our outlook is very, very strong, given you thought it would be a 14-week quarter, it's not. Our first quarter in '23 is a 13-week quarter. Our next 14-week quarter will be in 2024. So to repeat the outlook for 1Q is a 13-week quarter.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah : Okay. And I think your question really is on the downturn scenario analysis. I'll just -- I'll restate that, Stacy. We've covered that a few times, but we put our gross margin floor out there at 70%, and we did that because we have confidence that we have the levers, given the flexibility of our hybrid manufacturing model and the resiliency of our business that it's unlikely that we're going to pass through that. So weve tested that at a down 15%. And what we've shared with folks in the past is that a down 15% is quite comfortable that we can stay north of that 70% and the OpEx levers for us would be the -- about 80% of our OpEx is fixed or less variable in nature, which leaves us about 20% on the levers that we can work with to ensure that we keep operating margins north of 40%.  I will say that for 2023, our commitment is -- and as Vince often says, we run this company for the long term. So we are committed to continuing to invest throughout the course of '23. We'll, obviously, be mindful of the environment. And if we see a change that warrants us to take action, you can count on us to take action but we -- at least for the next quarter, to expect us to continue to make the right decisions for the long-term health of the business.
Stacy Rasgon : It sounds like OpEx ticks up a little bit into Q1 as well, just based on what you just said?
Michael Lucarelli : You read it well, Stacy.
Operator: The next question comes from William Stein with Truist Securities.
William Stein : I'm hoping to hit on the inventory question yet again. You've done a very straightforward, good job of explaining to us what's going on in your own inventory. And it sounds like distribution is still below your target even though on their balance sheets across all their suppliers, it looks like they're elevated. But we've seen other parts of the supply chain, in particular, the manufacturing services companies, which I imagine are a big percentage of sort of your counterparty sales on transactions. And I'm wondering to what degree you've scrubbed that half channel, half customer, however you want to look at it, for inventory that could hurt demand going forward?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah : Thanks, Will. Great question. Let me -- I'll -- let me do the easy part of that, and that is, sell-in is essentially equal to sell-through. So from a channel standpoint, we're well aligned and our channel partners are not building inventory. I made the comment that we're holding some finished goods on our own balance sheet.  From a customer standpoint, I think Vince has had a lot of conversations with customers. So I'm going to pass to him to talk about what he's hearing from them.
Vincent Roche : Yes. I don't think our customers are in the mode of building safety stocks. There are mismatches, I think. There's the well-described golden screw problem. It's probably a base in compared to where it was six months ago, but I don't think customers -- there's no major inventory building going on right now. And I think our customers are doing their best to match their orders and the product supply to be able to create finished goods. So they're not there yet. I think there is still some unserved demand that customers are trying to fulfill. So -- but we're working very closely with our customers. As we've said, we take our signals from sell-through, and we're working with our customers diligently across all 125,000 of them, big and small, to make sure that we get the best match between what they need and what we're able to deliver.  And what I'm hearing in general is that, yes, we haven't serviced all the demands that all the customers have needed. But in general, we've been very transparent. Our customers are very pleased with our customer service. And I think it positions us very, very well coming out of the supply crunch to be able to deepen our engagements with our customers and -- both on the R&D side as well as the supply chain side. And customers are increasingly interested to partner with companies like ADI on both of those dimensions, and we're ready.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah : And we're seeing in the pipeline -- we're seeing it in the pipeline growth.
Michael Lucarelli : And we go to our last question, please?
Operator: The last question today comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari : I had one quick housekeeping question and then another broader question. In terms of the housekeeping question, I was curious what did pricing do in fiscal year '22 on a pro forma basis? I think the business grew, what is it, around 25% pro forma. How much of that was pricing? And as you think about fiscal '23 or calendar '23, is the expectation for foundry costs to increase in the out-year as well?  And then my broader question is probably for Vince. As you think about the full year '23, based on your backlog, based on your design wins and customer conversations, which end markets or applications are you most excited about in terms of contribution to growth? I realize you run a diverse business, and that's the beauty of ADI. But if you were to single out a couple, where your expectations are the highest, which ones would they be? And which end markets or applications would you be most worried about?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah : Sure. Thanks, Toshiya. Let me take the first one quickly. So for '22, growth was fairly balanced and about half of that is coming from ASPs. But I do want to emphasize something that we've said over the course of all of '22, we passed cost through to customers. We did not use that environment to raise our gross margins. That was how we did the calculation of how much price to pass on to a customer was based on the input costs that were relevant to those customers. So with that, I'll let Vince take the more interesting part.
Vincent Roche : Yes. Thanks, Prashant. So yes, I think in terms of '23, the markets that have been performing very, very well for the company over the last couple of years, particularly Automotive, which we've already talked about; the electrification of the vehicle, we're very, very well positioned there. And we're winning a lot of share in the in-cabin electronics as well, the new display systems, which are very, very complex. The dashboard displays need a lot of very, very clever power electronics. So we're well positioned.  From an Industrial perspective as well, digital healthcare has been growing at the company in double digits for over the last 7 years or thereabouts. We expect to see that continue. Also, aerospace and defense, that's likely to be a very brisk business. It's performing well for ADI now, and I believe, at least for the next 5 years, we will see stellar growth in that area. And energy, our energy and sustainability businesses are also beginning to really go on the uptick.  So where am I concerned? I'm not really concerned about the business in general, given the diversity that we have, diversity of customers, products, applications. 5G, perhaps, we'll see what is likely to be weakness in Europe, offset by growth in India, growth in ORAN, steadiness in the U.S., and that kind of summarizes how we think about things.
Michael Lucarelli : Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call this morning. Prashanth and I will be at CES this year hosting meetings. We also have a booth on the showroom floor where we have technology demos across auto, healthcare and consumer. We hope to see you there. And with that, have a great Thanksgiving, and thanks for joining the call.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-08-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like now to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our third quarter fiscal 2022 call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO and Chair, CEO Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor. analog.com. Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth and our periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. Please note, we've also published our annual ESG report last quarter titled Future Forward. You can find it on the IR web page.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vince. Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to you, all. Well, I'm pleased to share that we executed very well amidst a dynamic macro backdrop. We delivered another quarter of record results, driven by continued operational excellence, strong financial discipline and resilient demand for our diverse portfolio of innovation-rich products. Revenue was $3.1 billion, up 24% year-over-year on a combined basis and above the midpoint of our outlook. Strength was broad-based with double-digit growth in every end market. Our third quarter profitability reflects ADI's innovation premium and strong operating leverage with gross and operating margins of 74% and 50%, respectively. Adjusted earnings per share of $2.52 finished at the high end of our outlook, marking another new high. I'm exceptionally pleased with our results, and I want to thank our employees for their continued hard work and dedication to our success, and importantly, to the success of our customers. At ADI, innovation is ingrained in our culture, fueled by an unwavering commitment to robust R&D investments. Over the last 12 months, we've invested over $1. 7 billion in R&D. A key facet to our innovation-driven success is our dedication to extensive and deep customer engagements, which enables us to collaborate with them in solving their toughest problems. Now I'd like to share some recent customer highlights. In automotive, we reinforced our market-leading position in BMS with wins at two premium European auto manufacturers. One of these wins was with our wireless BMS solution. This marks the fourth OEM to adopt wireless BMS as customer interest continues to build for this unique technology. In sustainable energy, we announced a design win with Enel Group on the Quantum Edge device used to digitally monitor electric grids. ADI's unmatched precision measurement capabilities are critical to creating a more resilient and flexible grid to help advance efficient electrification globally. In health care, the recently released wireless hospital monitoring system by GE Healthcare in Europe uses ADI solutions across signal chain, power, RF MCUs and sensors. This wearable system enables wireless continuous monitoring to detect patient deterioration earlier, helping to improve outcomes. Today, I'd like to profile our $1.5 billion-plus consumer franchise, a business that plays an important role in our long-term profitable growth strategy. Given the recent negative data points surrounding the consumer end market, one may wonder why highlight this market now. But that's just the reason our consumer business is built differently. In the third quarter, we posted our seventh consecutive growth quarter. And while we are not immune to macro slowdown, we have aligned this business to the high end of the market where performance really matters and into applications where our differentiation is truly valued. The composition of our consumer franchise is indeed unique. Approximately 30% of our revenue comes from long life cycle prosumer applications, including next-generation conferencing systems, professional audio/video and home theater. The remaining revenue in consumer relates to portables, including fast-growing wearables and hearables as well as premium smartphones. Taking a step back, over the last five years-plus, we have reconfigured our consumer business to increase diversity across customers, products and applications to better drive growth and limit volatility while enhancing profitability. The addition of Maxim further enhances our diversity and expanded our portfolio. Over this time, we've increased our product SKUs to just over 10,000 and expanded our customer count to more than 3,000. Importantly, the composition of this business is quite similar to our B2B markets, with no single product contributing more than a couple of percentage points to total ADI sales. The velocity of innovation in the consumer market is appealing. It allows us to accelerate technology development and commercialize solutions quickly at scale. Over time, we take these breakthrough solutions into other markets to create new waves of growth and drive strong profitability and cash flow. For example, we have leveraged our consumer audio expertise into the automotive market. This capability was demonstrated at our Investor Day where we showcased an electric vehicle with Dolby Atmos that uses our Shark DSP and software that was first proven in the consumer business. Additionally, we've also leveraged R&D investments from our core franchises into the consumer market. To that end, our high-precision converters and industrial instrumentation, for example, have been repurposed to solve similar challenges for stabilization in smartphone compass and pressure sensing in wearables. Not only have we created a highly diverse and profitable business but also one that is aimed at key growth drivers that position us to grow at a high single-digit rate over the long term. For example, our prosumer growth has been revitalized as companies implement future of work plans that encompass more immersive enterprise video conferencing. Here, the breadth of our portfolio across DSP, analog, mixed signal and power management enables us to solve the entire customer challenge from high-bandwidth connectivity to video resolution and sound quality. And turning now a moment to the portables market. In hearables, we shift into the majority of premium wireless stereo earbuds. Our newest offerings include software-augmented hearing algorithms and optimized power that reduces size and improves audio fidelity while increasing our value per system by over 3 times. In wearables, we're a leader in personal wellness products with our sensing solutions designed into over 50% of products today. There is a convergence of these personal wellness products and clinical-grade vital signs monitoring solutions that could unlock new opportunities for ADI. And in premium smartphones, we're expanding our share and content at key customers, which is providing us additional diversification and stimulating new growth vectors. An emerging opportunity is the metaverse. ADI's breadth of hardware, software algorithms and domain expertise gives us an ability to provide complete subsystem solutions. While we're still in the early days, of course, momentum is building, and we have design wins in multiple next-generation AR/VR headsets. Across all these consumer applications, power management is becoming ever more critical. Customers are adding more features into smaller spaces, while consumers are demanding longer battery life. Maxim doubled the size of our low-power portfolio and increased our consumer power SAM by over $1 billion. We're already beginning to see the cross-sell benefits of our complementary customer bases and synergistic portfolios with wins in both wearables and conferencing systems. So in summary, I'm very encouraged with the strides we've taken to reignite growth in our consumer business and with a record opportunity pipeline and significant synergy potential, I believe we're in a position to deliver consistent growth over the long term. Now before passing over to Prashanth, I'd like to make some comments on the current business environment. Obviously, the macro backdrop is dynamic and it's clear that we're at an inflection point. Economic conditions are beginning to impact demand with orders showing -- orders slowing later in the quarter and cancellations increasing slightly. Prashanth will provide additional details on these dynamics in his remarks. ADI successfully navigated macro challenges many, many times before in our 57-year history. We've created a premier analog franchise with an unmatched diversity of products, customers and applications. And we've invested in a hybrid manufacturing model that better adapts to demand fluctuations. These characteristics instil a resiliency into our business to mitigate market weaknesses, sustain profitability and enable investment in our business through economic cycles to focus on playing our long game. And with that, I'll hand it over to Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Let me add my welcome to our third quarter earnings call. My comments today, with the exception of revenue, will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. Third quarter revenue of $3.1 billion finished above the midpoint of our outlook and marked our sixth consecutive quarterly record. If we look at third quarter end market performance, industrial, our most diverse and profitable end market, hit another all-time high and represented 50% of growth -- excuse me, 50% of revenue. Growth was broad-based with each of our major applications increasing sequentially. Industrial revenue has now grown more than 20% year-over-year for 7 straight quarters, underscoring ADI's strong position and secular content growth across applications. Automotive, which represented 21% of revenue, achieved another record, increasing 28% year-over-year. The better mix of higher-content premium vehicles, combined with our growth engines of BMS, GMSL, A2B and better value capture is driving our outsized growth versus SAAR. Communications, which represented 16% of revenue, achieved a quarterly record with strong year-over-year growth in both wireless and wireline. Sequentially, wireline outpaced wireless with growing demand for our optical and power portfolios as carriers and hyperscalers invest to meet the ever-growing demand for data. And lastly, consumer represented 13% of revenue and has now grown year-over-year for 7 consecutive quarters. As Vince highlighted, the diversity and growing design momentum across portables and prosumer is enabling us to grow despite the consumer market slowdown. Now on to the rest of the P&L. Gross margin was 74. 1%, up 250 basis points year-over-year, driven by higher utilization, favorable mix and synergy capture. OpEx in the quarter was $747 million, which reflects a full quarter of higher-than-normal merit increases. Operating margin increased 650 basis points year-over-year, finishing at 50.1% toward the high end of our outlook. Non-op was $48 million and the tax rate for the quarter was 13.2%. All told, EPS came in at a record $2. 52, up 47% versus the third quarter of 2021. On balance sheet, we ended the quarter with over $1.5 billion of cash and equivalents. Days of inventory increased to 129, while channel inventory remains below the low end of our target range of 7 to 8 weeks. For cash flow, CapEx for the quarter was $165 million and $526 million over the trailing 12 months, just under 5% of revenue. We continue to expect elevated CapEx investments through 2023 to support the strategic expansion of our hybrid manufacturing model. And these investments will strengthen our resiliency and support our long-term growth outlook of 7% to 10% CAGR. Over the trailing 12 months, we generated over $3.7 billion of free cash flow or 34% of revenue. Included in our free cash flow are onetime deal-related costs which amount to about 3% of revenue. With the intra-quarter volatility, we opportunistically increased repo activity to $906 million. And after approximately one year post the close of Maxim, we've repurchased $4.4 billion worth of shares, putting us on track to exceed our $5 billion commitment by the end of fiscal '22. Including dividend payments, we've returned approximately $6 billion to shareholders over the last 12 months or more than 6% of our market cap. As a reminder, we target 100% free cash flow return. We target to allocate 40% to 60% of our free cash flow to support a 10% dividend CAGR through the cycle, with the remaining cash used for share count reduction. Now before we move to the outlook, I want to provide some additional details around demand. In third quarter, our order book remained strong and backlog increased to a new record, stretching well into mid-2023. However, orders moderated later in the quarter, and as a result, book-to-bill was down from a quarter ago but still well above one. By market, we are seeing strength persist in both industrial and automotive, which together represent over two-thirds of our sales, while consumer and comms were a bit softer. We also saw a modest increase in cancellations and was not specific to any end market or geography. Given these dynamics, coupled with the macro backdrop, we believe it's prudent to take a more cautious stance. As such, we are only forecasting slight sequential revenue growth to $3.15 billion, plus or minus $100 million, despite bookings, backlog and higher supply that would all suggest stronger growth. At the midpoint, we expect all end markets to grow quarter-over-quarter. Op margin is expected to be 50.3%, plus or minus 70 bps. Our tax rate is expected to be 13% to 14%. And based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $2. 57, plus or minus $0.10. More broadly, while the macro backdrop is dynamic, our business has several aspects that position us quite well to manage further headwinds. These include our diverse end market exposure, coupled with strong secular drivers that will help buffer our top line. The flexibility of our hybrid manufacturing model gives us confidence in maintaining our 70% gross margin floor. And we also have several OpEx layers to support our industry-leading margins and maintain a solid return of cash to our investors. So in closing, my confidence to our path of $15 of EPS in the next five years remains high. Let me now give it back to Mike for the Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Let's get to the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions) With that, can we have our first question, please, Matt?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: I just wanted to clarify how much conservatism is in the Q4 outlook. And then a little bit longer term than that. What happens to the pricing lever as you start to see these bookings start to decelerate? Is pricing holding firm? Is it flat or down as customers start to think about next year?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thank you for the question, Vivek. Let me take the first part of that, and then maybe I'll let Vince speak to the pricing. So we've been talking for a couple of quarters now that we were expecting a meaning full increase and our ability supply in the fourth quarter and weve been building that with the installations of equipment to that weve been having over the course of the year. So our supply -- our ability supply even access of the guide that we put out there. In addition, our backlog actually increased sequentially from -- into the third quarter to a new all-time record. And given kind of the strength in the backlog, the book-to-bill was still above one and increased supply, it's very logical we could print a bigger number. Having said that, we are very aware of the macro environment and a bit more softening in order activity that we saw towards the tail end of the quarter. So that's why we kind of held back a little bit on the guide to ensure that if this order softness does continue, we're not disappointing. Vince, do you want to address the pricing question?
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. Yes, so I think first and foremost, we are seeing tremendous stability. I don't expect to see any downward pressure on prices even in a recessionary environment. I think first and foremost, our products reflects an innovation premium for the kind of value that we deliver to our customers. Now we're never the long pull in the pricing tent either in the customer's bill of material. The other thing I would say, particularly in the high-performance analog space, the substitution costs are very, very high. So the disruption to a customer system design way, way outweighs considerations for price reduction. So where we obviously compete most intensively on a price basis is to get the original socket, but we have long life cycle products with tremendous stability, very, very high substitution costs. So my sense is that pricing will remain very, very steady through the cycle.
Operator: Our next question will come from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
Christopher Muse: I guess I'd like to focus on the slowdown in orders that you saw at the tail end of the quarter as well as the cancellations that you highlighted. Any more kind of detail you can provide there as it relates to subsegment of end markets, geography? Any color would be greatly appreciated.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thank you. Thanks, C.J. Let me maybe talk about kind of the bookings momentum in a couple of different pieces. So first, third quarter results, where we're clearly broad-based strength, all end markets were up quarter-over-quarter and double digits year-over-year, so our sixth consecutive record. The only geography/market that was down year-over-year was China consumer. But that's a very small exposure for ADI, low -- very low exposure for ADI, low -- very low the third quarter, orders were up. Again, as I mentioned, strongest trends were industrial and auto, which represent about 70% of the business. Comms and consumer weaker, but again, we increased our backlog to another record, another new all-time high, and that covers us well into '23. Where we saw that change in demand was really cancellations ticked modestly higher. And I do say modestly. It is -- we want to be fully transparent on this call, so we're calling out but I wouldn't really put too much focus on the cancellation number. But again, in the spirit of transparency, we want to share that we did see that change in the demand profile. And we also saw that the channel sell-through began to moderate towards later in the quarter. So that is the sell-through from the channel or POS began to soften a bit versus what we were originally expecting. Overall, the book-to-bill was still above parity but it was definitely lower than it was a quarter ago. So as we set that guide for fourth quarter, given the uncertainty, changing trends in our business, we thought it's prudent to take a more cautious stance and therefore, we're guiding up only slightly on a quarter-over-quarter basis despite, as I mentioned in answering Vivek's question, despite having very strong backlog coverage, good bookings and better supply, which would all suggest higher growth.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava: I just had a question, Prashanth, on the floor that you have laid out for the gross margin, which is way above where margins bottomed out at in the prior real cycle and connection prices. And I'm asking this because I get this question a lot. Hey, what's the downside EPS projection for ADI? And so if you could please help us understand kind of what are the underlying assumptions behind that as it relates to utilization inventory. And then more importantly, what are you assuming for revenues to go down to hit that level?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure, sure. Thank you, Ambrish. So maybe let's start with a reminder that this company is structurally more profitable than we ever have been. The addition of Maxim gives us the benefit of scale, and we have the benefit of that hybrid manufacturing model, which really gives us that flexibility to manage our production utilizations by being able to notify our supply chain partners in the event we need to, with essentially a quarter's notice, to bring the outside supply number down and focus on keeping internal utilizations higher. As a result of that, we feel very confident that kind of through the downturn of a cycle, we can maintain that 70% gross margin floor, which from an investor model standpoint, is a unique metric that we put out there to give a floor. In thinking about a downturn scenario, and again, I want to emphasize, this is a projection to help investors model what it could be, not in any way a forecast of what we think is coming at us. But from a revenue standpoint, we have this great diversification, 75,000 products, 125,000 customers and thousands and thousands of applications, which are aligned to numerous secular growth markets. We have exposure to much stronger markets in a down cycle like aerospace and defense and health care, which are not going to be as cyclical. On the gross margin side, I mentioned this flexible manufacturing model that allows us to really help manage utilizations. And then we have a very accordion-driven variable compensation program, which allows us to moderate OpEx. So if we were to think about a downside scenario that was in a 15% down revenue market, we believe op margins would still have a 4 handle on them, probably be in the low 40s and gross margins would probably be, again, above 70, but probably in the low 70s.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: I wanted to delve a little bit more into the bookings and the order. So was it like bookings before were 150% and now they're 130%? Like where is that book-to-bill actually coming in? How far above one is it? And I guess what are you assuming happens to the backlog as we go into next quarter? Are you assuming that, that backlog gets drawn down at all or are you assuming it goes up? Or just what are the assumptions around that embedded in the guidance?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So let's see what can we say here, Stacy. So for the last couple of quarters, excluding the third quarter, book-to-bill was -- actually, you can do the math because you can see how the backlog has increased so substantially. It between a one and a two, right? We're now still above one but we're at the lower end of that. Now industrial and automotive, strong, and that helped to compensate for -- I think I'm going from memory here, my consumer was just about flattish and comms was just a hair below.
Stacy Rasgon: What are you assuming in the next quarter for the backlog?
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, sure. I mean, the backlog is not that indicative of what happens for next quarter because it goes out into '23. So as you see these cancellations, this is a very small percent of the backlog and that's really into '23. So our assumption is backlog probably increases again because book-to-bill at an enterprise level is still above one. It's really not going to affect the demand for the fourth quarter or probably even the first quarter at this point. And as Prashanth said, I say investments bookings used to be way above one. Now they're nicely above one. So we're still booking above what we're shipping. So what would cause us not to come in kind of in line with supply, right? Why would we -- why would -- for the last couple of quarters, our revenue number has been purely a function of supply, and why could that not be the case for the fourth quarter? Why that could not be the case is if customers say, "We'd like to reschedule the timing and we choose, in the spirit of customer satisfaction, not to push it to them although they've ordered it and give them that flexibility to move out." And it could be, as I mentioned, from the channel standpoint, if the channel looks like inventory in the channel is building at a level that we don't think is healthy for the business. And we choose to keep that inventory on our books to give us more flexibility to make sure that we can match customer demand better.
Michael Lucarelli: I have one thing to that, that's important point Prashanth brought up on the channel is that 31:50 assumes really no channel inventory build. That's a sell-through number that we're guiding to.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thank you, Mike.
Michael Lucarelli: That's four different parts to that answer, Stacy, so we'll go to the next question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Blayne Curtis: I just want to follow up on a part question in terms of just where you're seeing these cancellations. You said consumer and comms are weaker. I think you just said comms book-to-bill is below one. But I'm just trying to understand in the comments of I think channel sell-through was weaker as well. Can you dial us in, is it isolated to certain segments? Or is all of these comments kind of broad-based in terms of where you're seeing the cancellations and the weaker sell-through?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Everything is broad-based, and we -- I think that if we have overemphasized cancellations on this call, that's probably a true statement right now, is I don't want to mislead folks to think that cancellations are a meaningful concern. But again, in the spirit of transparency, we're saying that they were up modestly.
Michael Lucarelli - Head of IR: But everything we've talked about has been pretty broad-based.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And on comms, I just -- maybe just one follow-up is this has always been a lumpy business. We know that the wireless guys have spent a big chunk of money buying spectrum. That spectrum has to be deployed, which will require the 5G hardware that we have the market share leading position on. So we're highly confident. This is a pretty of timing issue.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Tore Svanberg: And congrats on another record. As we sort of move through this software environment, how are you thinking about the three big cost levers, utilization, OpEx and CapEx going forward?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. So I think we've talked through some of that, Tore, but from at least certainly utilization levels, we're going to continue to see relatively good utilization levels across our internal factories for a few reasons: one is the benefit of the hybrid model is that we can bring more production in-house; second is that die bank levels are at very low levels, and we do need to get those die bank levels back to a healthy point. Die bank is an extremely cost-efficient place for us to hold inventory, particularly when you have 75,000 SKUs. You can hold it sort of think of it as $0.10 on the dollar. So it is very economically efficient and allows us to improve customer satisfaction later on. From an OpEx standpoint, as you've seen in the past, we have a very accordion-driven variable compensation program, which automatically unwinds if the financial performance of the company drives it to. And I think what's unique to ADI versus perhaps some of our peers is we have the cost synergies from Maxim, which are independent of the economic environment. From a CapEx standpoint, expect us to be -- it is business as usual. We had committed at the Investor Day to a higher level of CapEx in '22 and '23, which is necessary to add the supply needed to hit our long-term model of 7% to 10% growth, which we are very much committed to, and that is on track. Capital spend for the current quarter -- sorry, for the current year, maybe a bit below what we expected. That's a consequence of revenue coming in stronger, so bigger denominator and also just a little bit of delay in the receiving some of that equipment, but all of that will drive through in 2023.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Sorry, Tore. On the OpEx side, we intend to -- we've been spending R&D at record levels. We intend to continue to ensure that we have properly funded all our critical programs. Innovation at a very, very important part of the value creation story of ADI. We are -- also we've been upping actually the spend in our go-to-market activities as well. So both of those, we will continue to keep our pedal to the metal on.
Operator: Our next question will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: I wanted to ask a question on the supply side sort of the equation. Three months ago, you had talked about significant tightness, whether it be your internal supply or external foundry supply. I'm just curious if you're starting to see signs of supply easing. I guess test was a big bottleneck for internal supply 3, 6 months ago. Any changes there? And in terms of foundry wafer supply, again, any signs of easing? And kind of related to that, there have been some headlines about foundry wafer pricing increasing again in late '22 going into '23. Is that sort of the indication you're getting from your suppliers? And if so, are you comfortable that you'd be able to pass those through to your customers?
Vincent Roche: Well, I think the last part of your question, first, on pricing increases, I believe that we are in the post-Moore's Law era and in a period of sustained structural inflation in this business for many, many years ahead. I think it's true to say that supply -- we've been increasing, of course. We've invested strongly in our own manufacturing capabilities to be able to secure supply and increase supply actually across the four wafer fabs inside ADI. So yes, supply is improving there. And thematically as well as supply has been improving actually right through the pandemic, right over the last couple of years from our subcontractors as well. So I think there is a lightening of supply across the board.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: On pricing, maybe I'll just restate what we said in the past. We are not using this environment to take advantage of our customers, and we are really looking to maintain our gross margin model. And the rationale on that gross margin model, which is important to us, is we know, as Vince mentioned, we spend at a healthy clip on R&D to develop highly innovative products, and we need to capture that innovation premium from our customers. So as our costs may increase, it's important that we continue to capture those cost increases back with stable margins because it's a reflection of the value we're bringing to our customers.
Operator: Our next question will come from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Harlan Sur: Just one clarification. So I just wanted to verify, so you guys said that currently, quarter-to-date, your book-to-bill is still greater than one. That's my clarification question. Then my main question is distribution represents about 60% of the team's revenues, right? And it looks like just the inventories are still below your target levels of 7 to 8 weeks. Obviously, the eventual catch-up should provide you guys with some cushion if the environment continues to weaken further. But that being said, it still feels like auto and industrial demand is still quite strong. So given your outlook, like what's your view on getting to target levels on channel inventories over the next few quarters?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks, Harlan. Your -- first of all, say that you recapped it correctly, and there is some opportunity for us to continue to grow our revenue by bringing distis levels back to our healthy target level. But I want to emphasize that the guide, as Mike mentioned, the guide for the fourth quarter is on the basis of POS equals POA. One thing that ADI has been very consistent about for many years is we run our business on POS. So we need to look at end demand, and end demand drives how we end up manufacturing, and we want distis to be able to help us with access for those products, but we are not looking for distribution to be an excess buffer of inventory.
Michael Lucarelli: And the one other part of the question that you had, Harlan, was book-to-bill. Yes, for the quarter, book-to-bill was still well above one at enterprise level. That was driven by industrial and auto with the two strongest markets, while comms and consumer, we'll call about flat, around one. And with that, may we have our last question, please?
Operator: Our last question will come from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ross Seymore: Vince, a lot of questions about near-term cancellations, bookings, backlog, all those sorts of things. I wanted to ask a slightly longer one. You mentioned in answer to an earlier question about we're in a post-Moore's Law world. We're going to have an inflationary environment rather than deflationary. Can you just talk a little bit about how the customer conversations have changed? Over the last few months, we've heard a lot from last year, a lot from companies saying it's more of a partnership, longer lead times, et cetera, long-term supply agreements, those sorts of things. Do you still see that behavior continuing? Or do you believe that's a little bit more of a reflection of cyclical tightness and you expect some of that to unwind as well?
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a very good question. I've had a lot of conversations, Ross, over the last couple of years with CEOs of the biggest enterprises in the world of information. And what I can tell you for sure is that everybody wants to get closer to their key suppliers when it comes to aligning product roadmaps for the long term. Particularly companies that are perceived as being critical for their innovation processes. So I can tell you that continues. And the other side of the equation is everybody wants to understand at the customer side of things, what do they need to do to secure supply for the long term? And what kind of arrangements that they need to put in place? What kind of information flows? What kind of models that we develop between each other? So that continues. And I think it has been firmly established now that semiconductors are the bedrock of the modern -- of modern socioeconomic life. So the conversations continue intensively, I would say, and I expect that to continue well into the future.
Michael Lucarelli: And with that, thanks, everyone, for joining our call this morning. I did want to flag that during these more uncertain times and consistent with our commitment to transparency for our owners, we'll be even more available. Vince and Prashanth will be in New York, L.A., the Bay Area, Chicago and across Europe in the next quarter, so it's a busy quarter coming up for us. Please reach out to myself or the IR team if you'd like to be notified when we're in your neighborhood. And with that, thanks for joining us and your continued interest in ADI.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-05-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web.  I would like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Katrina, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter fiscal 2022 call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. On to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release and our periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC.  Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are also included in today's earnings release.  And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO and Chair, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vincent Roche : Thank you, Mike, and a very good morning to you all. Well, I'm very pleased to report that ADI delivered another quarter of record revenue, profitability and earnings, driven by continued insatiable demand for our products, strong operational execution and accelerated synergy capture.  Moreover, amidst a dynamic macro environment, we're operating from a position of remarkable strength, supported by our record backlog, robust bookings and ongoing capacity expansions, which position us favorably as we enter the second half. Now moving to a summary of our results. Revenue was $2.97 billion, above the high end of our outlook and up 28% year-over-year on a pro forma basis. Strength was broad-based with all segments up double digits year-over-year. Impressively, adjusted gross margin expanded to 74% and operating margin to 50%. Adjusted EPS was $2.40, exceeding the high end of outlook and increasing over 50% from the year ago period. Overall, I'm very excited with our performance and our team's outstanding execution. Today, I'd like to reinforce what we shared at our Investor Day around how our markets are evolving and how we're investing to solve more of our customers' problems while also improving on our business model that's both rich with growth opportunities and, indeed, resiliency. The next wave in the evolution of the ICT sector is the nascent Intelligent Edge revolution. It will be characterized by ubiquitous sensing, hyperscale computing and pervasive connectivity, pushing processing and intelligence closer to the edge. Semiconductors are the bedrock enabling this next wave. And ADI, where data is born, is at the center of this revolution. At our core, we're an innovation-driven enterprise over the last decade through both robust organic investments and strategic M&A. We've built the industry's broadest and highest performance analog, mixed signal and power portfolio. Our offerings span from microwave to bits, nanowatts to kilowatts, sensor to cloud and increasingly from components to subsystems.  Our vast arsenal of technologies, along with the deep level of engagement and support we provide our customers, has earned us the number 1 positions in analog, mixed signal, RF and high-performance power. This, coupled with our focus on customer success, awards ADI with an innovation premium that is reflected in our ASPs that are more than 3x the industry average and also industry-leading gross margins. The growing scope of our customers' products is dramatically expanding in complexity and pressuring their product development teams and innovation cycles. To meet these challenges and deliver the next wave of disruptive innovations, we're investing over $1.6 billion in R&D annually. These investments strengthen our broad market franchise and enable us to expand our SAM and vertical applications where more complete solutions are necessary. We achieved this by integrating our core analog technologies with increasing levels of digital algorithms and software. Now let's look at how our technology is intersecting with our markets. Industries like transportation, energy, telecoms, manufacturing and health care are prioritizing digitalization. This is driving new generations of applications and fueling a host of concurrent secular growth trends, and I'd like to touch on just a few now. Starting with automotive. Here, ADI is the market leader in battery management systems, for example, for EVs. Our battery management systems, or BMS, solutions offer customers the highest levels of accuracy, reliability, safety and security. Our wireless BMS solution offers all the benefits of wired but also enables rapid battery pack configurability and cost-effective scaling of our customers' EV fleets. This innovative solution continues to gain traction in the market and adds to our content per system by up to 2x. Moving to communications, where ADI is the market leader in radio signal chains for 5G with a majority share across the ecosystem. Our latest generation transceiver includes a fully integrated digital front end and grows our SAM by 2x. This innovative radio architecture reduces system cost and waste and improves power efficiency. Further, the flexibility of these software-defined solutions allows them to be used across traditional 5G networks as well as an emerging Open RAN and LEO satellite networks. Lastly, health care. We have a number 1 position with dominant share in medical imaging, for example. Subsystems like our photons to bits module are used by the top CT players in the world. Our solution delivers the highest-fidelity images while decreasing radiation dosage. And in the process, it allows us to capture 4x the SAM compared to offering just components alone. In addition to expanding our innovation edge across these secular trends to amplify growth, the Maxim combination creates a $1 billion revenue synergy opportunity for us over the next 5 years. The first opportunity arises from customer cross-selling, leveraging our complementary relationships to pull through our extended portfolio.  Second is fusing together the new product road maps of these 2 premier Analog portfolios to push the boundaries of what's possible.  And third is power management. Here, the combination with Maxim increases our breadth of power capabilities, creates a more cost competitive portfolio and adds to our engineering talent pool. As a result, we unlocked $4 billion of additional power SAM and look to double our power revenue in the years ahead. The proliferation of the Intelligent Edge and our revenue synergy opportunity gives me great confidence that we can bend the growth curve upwards, moving from our historical mid-single-digit growth rate to our new model of 7% to 10%. Now I'd like to speak a little to the unique resiliency of our business. The diversity of our portfolio is a source of great strength. We shipped 75,000 product SKUs, which support thousands of applications to over 125,000 customers. Notably, 80% of our revenue is derived from products that individually contribute no more than 0.1% of total revenue. And the longevity of our products is unmatched. On average, our products have life spans of a decade or more, effectively delivering recurring revenue streams for decades. It's these characteristics that create a high barrier to entry and an enduring business model. Finally, we utilize a geographically diverse hybrid manufacturing strategy to attain the complexity and fragmentation of the Analog market. This strategy provides us with a broad array of technology and packaging necessary to create innovative solutions from 7 nanometers to 7 micrometers. At the same time this model creates a diverse network of internal and external partners to best manage our operations through economic cycles.  As we mentioned at our Investor Day, we're investing in our internal manufacturing operations to build a more robust and cost-effective model. To that end, we're doubling the capacity of our internal factories and adding significant capital to our product test operations. These investments will grow our output this year and into 2023 and increase our swing capacity across our network to over 70% of revenue. So in closing, ADI is a leader in innovating at the edge, and I believe that our best days are still ahead of us as we drive increased value for our customers, shareholders and society.  And with that, I'm going to pass it over to Prashanth, who will take you through the financial detail.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah : Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our second quarter earnings call. It was great to see and hear from so many of you at our Investor Day last month, and it was also exciting to welcome so many of our customers to demonstrate our technologies in action. As usual, my comments today, with the exception of revenue, will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. We printed another very impressive quarter with record revenue, profitability and earnings. These strong results reflect increasing demand for our highly differentiated products aligned to multiple secular trends as well as our ability to leverage our hybrid manufacturing model, offset inflation and accelerate synergy capture. Second quarter revenue of $2.97 billion finished above the high end of our outlook, with every B2B end market exceeding initial expectations. This marks our fifth consecutive quarter of record revenue and our ninth straight sequential growth period. So let's look at the performance by end market. Industrial, our most diverse and profitable end market, represented 51% of revenue and hit another all-time high. We experienced broad-based growth with digital health care, automation, instrumentation and test leading the way, underscoring increasing content and our strong position in these secular markets. Industrial has now grown more than 20% year-over-year for 6 straight quarters. Automotive, which represented 21% of revenue, also achieved another record with all applications growing double digits year-over-year. In BMS, where we hold the number 1 position, our quarterly revenue eclipsed $100 million for the first time. We expect strong growth to persist, given the momentum in the market and our continued design wins. Additionally, our A2B and GMSL solutions, which together make up roughly 20% of automotive, continued on their secular growth path fueled by the digitalization of the automobile. Communications represented 16% of revenue with robust broad-based growth. In wireless, we experienced growing demand across our RF portfolio as 5G deployments, particularly in North America, gained momentum. ADI's latest generation transceiver, which Vince spoke to, is ideally positioned to capitalize on the virtualization trend. In wireline, demand for our optical and power products remained strong as carriers and hyperscalers invest to meet the ever-growing demand for bandwidth.  And lastly, the consumer represented 12% of revenue and has now grown year-over-year for 6 straight quarters. This consistent growth is a function of our product and customer breadth, which better insulates us from the typical fluctuations associated with PCs and portable devices. Now on to the P&L. Gross margin was a record 74.2%, increasing 230 basis points sequentially and 330 basis points year-over-year. Favorable product mix, high utilization and revenue growth and synergy fall-through were key drivers of the increase. OpEx in the quarter was $710 million, better than anticipated, owing to faster synergy execution. Record operating margins of 50.3% grew 450 basis points sequentially and 860 basis points year-over-year.  At the end of the second quarter, we've realized over $250 million of cost synergies. We look to quickly achieve the remaining synergies and hit our recently increased target of $400 million in savings exiting fiscal '23. Non-op expenses were $41 million and the tax rate for the quarter was 13.2%. All told, adjusted EPS came in at a record $2.40, up more than 50% versus the second quarter 2021. And now on to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.7 billion of cash and equivalents. Days of inventory increased sequentially to 122 and channel inventory remains below the low end of our 7- to 8-week target. If we look at cash flow, CapEx for the quarter was $119 million and $447 million over the trailing 12 months or 5% of revenue. To support our accelerated 7% to 10% long-term revenue growth outlook, we are strategically investing to expand internal capacity while enhancing the resiliency of our hybrid model. To that end, as we stated at Investor Day, we expect CapEx as a percentage of revenue to be in the high single digits during fiscal '22 and '23 before reverting back to 4% to 6% over the long term. And over the trailing 12 months, we generated $3.2 billion of free cash flow or 33% of revenue. Included in our free cash flow are onetime transaction-related costs amounting to about 3% of revenue. Given the recent market weakness, we accelerated our repo activity to $776 million during the second quarter. This brings our total share repurchase to approximately $3.5 billion since the close of Maxim. And we look to maintain this accelerated buyback pace this quarter and achieve our $5 billion commitment by the end of our fiscal year. As a reminder, we target 100% free cash flow return. We will allocate 40% to 60% of our free cash flow to support a 10% dividend CAGR throughout the cycle, with the remaining cash used for buybacks to reduce share count annually. And now on to the outlook for third quarter. Revenue is expected to be $3.05 billion, plus or minus $100 million. We expect all end markets to grow sequentially. Given our higher-than-normal annual merit increase, operating margin is expected to be 49.5%, plus or minus 70 bps. And our tax rate is expected to be between 13% and 14%. Based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $2.42, plus or minus $0.10. While we are very mindful of the current economic trends, our demand indicators remain very strong and our customer conversations remain upbeat, giving us confidence for continued growth for the remainder of 2022 and likely into 2023. Importantly, as a result of our vast diversification, leadership in numerous secular growth markets, additional synergies and our resilient hybrid manufacturing model, we believe ADI has never been better positioned to transcend cyclical downturns and accelerate long-term growth.  Let me now give it back to Mike to start the Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] With that, Katrina, can we have our first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Congratulations on all the record results, especially on that 50% operating margin. My question is for Vince. Vince, towards the end of your remarks, you talked about growing output to increase swing capacity to 70% of revenues. Could you perhaps elaborate a little bit on that? And what is sort of the time line exactly for when you would hit that number?
Vincent Roche: Yes. So as you know, Tore, we've been investing in our internal semiconductor manufacturing operations from 0.18 micron upwards, and we're doubling the output there over the next year or thereabouts, a year or 15 months. And of course, we cross-license technologies with some of our foundry partners. So when we talk about a 70% swing, it means that because we will have cross-qualified so many process technologies between ADI internal fabs and the external fabs that are controlled by our foundry partners, we got the ability to move utilization, if you like, from 1 place to another, depending on what part of the cycle we're in, in terms of managing utilization inside ADI and being able to meet the demand as it surges or declines.
Operator: And your next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon : I wanted to ask about the gross margins. You mentioned a bunch of drivers, but you actually didn't mention pricing at all in your outlook there for the driver side. I mean, what impact has pricing had either to offset inflation or to potentially reprice the Maxim portfolio after the closure? And I guess, how do we think about the forward gross margin trajectory at these current, like, revenue levels? I mean, is there room for it to even go up from here, assuming the revenue levels kind of stay on the current trajectory?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you for the question. So as you know, we, along with the rest of the industry, has been passing along the higher costs. We have been very focused on not using this environment to take advantage of our customers but to really maintain our gross margins. So in '21, we had some headwind from the timing of inflation versus when we were able to enact the pricing. This has really abated in '22. So really, the gross margin percentage and the growth in gross margin percentage that you see is really being driven, as I mentioned, by the synergies, great utilization at the internal fabs and some mix benefits. I think in my prepared remarks, I talked about industrial hitting 51% of the overall revenue mix. So for the forward look, we updated our model just a couple of weeks back, and we feel very comfortable that in a typical cycle trough, we are going to be able to maintain a 70% floor. Beyond that, we will continue to make the right trade-offs with opportunities to expand the top line and -- at some trade-off on gross margin. So really the focus for the team is deliver the revenue growth and let that leverage drive all the way down through cash flow. So I wouldn't encourage folks to look for significant margin expansion. These are already pretty incredible numbers.
Stacy Rasgon : But if the revenues kind of stay at this trajectory, can at least the gross margins stay where they are or will they just fluctuate around? Will like mix be the biggest driver from here?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, that's the right way to think about it, yes.
Michael Lucarelli: You're right. If you look at our build margins at this point going forward, it's mix, utilization and then we also have the $125 million of synergies, some of that will be on the cost of goods sold side. As Prashanth laid out, we'll balance both gross margins really to drive operating margins and free cash flow.
Operator: And your next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Vince, I think or Prashanth mentioned that industrial sales have grown over, I believe, it's over 25% for the last 6 quarters and seem like they could be strong for another 2 or 3 quarters. I'm curious, how do you think about the normalized growth rate? And what macro indicators do you look at to say this is what ADI's industrial growth should be? Like what are the early signals that you get to give you a sense whether you're over- or under-shipping end demand? Because from the outside, we look at all the turmoil in China, we look at all the turmoil in Europe, but then we look at this very strong industrial growth number and it gets harder to kind of reconcile, right, these 2 narratives. So give us a sense for how do you feel about specifically your industrial business right now?
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. So first and foremost, it's a highly diversified industrial business that we've been diligently investing in from an R&D perspective, from a customer engagement perspective over the last decade or 12 years with a renewed focus. We've been gaining share very, very clearly. I think our portfolio, particularly combined with the power activity as well from the LTC and Maxim acquisitions puts us in even better stead to capture more SAM essentially. And to your question on growth, I would say that we -- during the Investor Day, we said that the new model is 7% to 10%. So I think industrial is going to be right in there somewhere over time. And we feel more confident now, I think, about our industrial growth than we've ever done, just given the strength of the portfolio, the customer engagements and so on. And in terms of the signals we watch, obviously, we have a lot of conversations with our customers. I personally have had a stream of conversations with many of our largest industrial customers over the last quarter. And I think what they're all trying to convey to us is that things are different. We're moving into a new industrial cycle, Industry 4.0, 5.0, IoT, or I beg your pardon, IT and OT, if you like, colliding in a new partnership for the future, driving a lot of new technologies. So that's one, obviously 1 stream of input we get. The other signals we look at, obviously, are the PMIs, the machine to builders indexes and so on and so forth. Well, I think the greatest source of insight for us is our own knowledge of the end applications coupled with our customers' insights.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Vivek, maybe I'll just add. I think I said it in the remarks, but to be clear to everyone, our growth in industrial was broad. All applications hit record results in '21 and are on track to hit another record in '22.
Operator: Your next question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: I guess a comment on my side. With these results, I'm surprised you didn't have Big Papi and Tom Brady at your Analyst Day. So next time. So to my question, your results are much better than your peers. Your B2B business, I think, up 11% versus your peers [at] mid-single digits. How do you think about the outperformance there? Is a part of that your ability to source incremental supply, market share gains, right mix? Would love to hear your thoughts there. And then as you think about the future going into the second half of this year and next, how does that inform your vision for continued outperformance?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then hand to -- hand over to Vince. So on the tactical side, we are working on getting additional capacity both from our external partners as well as the investments we're making internally. So you'll see that continue to play out over the course of the year, which is why I mentioned in the prepared remarks, look for us to continue to grow sequentially through this year and likely at least into the early part of next year. We talked about pricing that has been a little bit incremental to the revenue growth. So that's certainly a piece of it. And the demand has just been very broad-based. And again, I said it in my remarks but to be clear, we are seeing demand across all end markets and all geographies. It's very evenly spread and strength across all end applications. So we do feel, to Vince's remarks here, we do feel very well positioned and our technology is really starting to hit the sweet spot across all of our customers. And then maybe I'll pass here to Vince to add some more.
Vincent Roche: Maybe just a little bit of color on the markets, C.J., to try and answer your question. So we have so many vectors of growth now, for example, in industrial, where we're basically playing on all the high-end applications. And as I said, we've been tuning the R&D continuously, the customer engagement. And if I just pick out health care as an example, that's beginning to get on to a $1 billion run rate now. It's been growing consistently for the last 7, 8 years in the -- at the double-digit level. Aerospace and defense, we see that actually, no matter what the cycle will be over the next few years, this is going to be an area of great strength for us. And in the communications area, great position in 5G. But interestingly, our wireline and data center business now is on a par with the wireless sector in terms of revenue contribution. So it's kind of half-and-half. So we see that again as a source of strength, buttressed also by a lot of the technologies that Maxim are bringing to that wireline area. Automotive, we have a great story on the in-cabin experience with A2B, cancellation, premium sign systems being more and more deployed, electrification. We're on a [100] a quarter run rate now, revenue run rate. And we have design-ins at virtually all the electric car companies at this point in time. So we see that on a trajectory to $1 billion-plus in the foreseeable future. So that's just some of the examples to complement what Prashanth has narrated as well in terms of the vectors of growth and prosperity for the company.
Operator: Your next question is from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: I had a question on the cost synergies, Prashanth. How should we be modeling these on a go-forward basis? You said exiting fiscal '23, but what's the breakout? And then kind of related to that is when we're talking about gross margin, I was a little bit surprised that you said the inflationary pressure would be abating as we go into -- as we continue through this year. Did I catch that right? Because inflation, the headline numbers seem to be -- they haven't -- maybe they have peaked but definitely higher than where they were last year. So would love some color on that comment as well.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks, Ambrish. Two good questions, and thanks for giving me the opportunity to clarify. So first, on synergies. We had talked, when we did the Maxim closed that we had some great learnings from LTC on how to get to synergies and that was to move fast and hard, and you're seeing us execute against that strategy. So we captured basically the entire $275 million that we originally committed to as we exited our second quarter. And that at Investor Day, we said we're raising that target to $400 million, and we'll hit that number coming out of -- or as we exit 2023. That first $275 million was a little more tilted towards cost of goods, and the following piece will sort of be balanced between cost of goods and OpEx. So as you look forward, that's how to think about the balance of that. To your question on the comments I made, thank you for giving me a chance to clarify. We have used our pricing opportunities to maintain gross margin. So to be clear, we're not looking at pricing as an opportunity to expand gross margin but really as a way to offset. So when I said abate inflation, I meant versus the historical inflation that we had experienced in 2021. It took us a little bit longer to get those pricing actions in place. So now we have neutralized them and you see that benefit in the current year. And of course, if we do continue to see price increases -- sorry, cost increases in the coming quarters, expect us, like the rest of the industry, to respond by pushing those through.
Ambrish Srivastava: So there's no artifact in the 74% that you reported this quarter for pricing? We should expect kind of that level on a go-forward basis, maybe bounce around based on mix and also the utilization rate?
Michael Lucarelli: Ambrish, this is Mike. Yes, as we had talked about earlier, going forward, that 74% will bounce around, like you said, mixed utilization of the 2 drivers. And then as Prashanth outlined, that [1 25] does have a COGS element in it that will also help gross margins. But if you go forward 74%, plus/minus, I feel pretty good about that.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: With the caveat, again, I want to make it clear for everyone, with the caveat that we are focused on growth. So where it makes sense for us to be a little more flexible to drive top line, we will do that. So I wouldn't want folks getting too laser-focused on modeling in mid-70s on the gross margin. We've given you a floor and we will give the management team the flexibility they need to drive the top line.
Ambrish Srivastava: Right. You've been very consistent about that.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Danely with Citigroup.
Chris Danely: So with all this talk on revenue growth, your forecasted sequential revenue growth for July is the slowest in a couple of years. Can you talk about why that's happening? And is that because of COVID shutdowns or something else? And then as part of that, with all this focus on increasing capacity, I would assume your capacity is growing faster than the 2% or 3% sequential revenue growth. So can we assume that the lead times are coming in this quarter as well?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So Chris, the sequential growth is constrained by capacity. But we've indicated that we will see sequential growth through the year. So look for a more meaningful change as we get past the third quarter, which we've been saying for a while. So if you look back at prior comments, we've been very clear that we've ordered the tools and the equipment. We know our position in the queue. We know when those are coming in, and they go to revenue generation fairly quickly. So we are maintaining our outlook that we will exit the year at a much higher run rate than where we are now. And that is all driven by our ability to produce. And what was the second question?
Chris Danely: Perfect.
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Chris, I'll also add 1 thing. You're right, the sequential growth is, I'll call it, decelerating now. What happened in the first half of the year, we talked about, we added pricing and that added to the growth. We had volume and pricing in the first half of the year that's driving sequential. Pricing is really in the model now, now that the growth in the back half on a sequential basis is really driven by capacity and volume. And if you zoom out and don't look at sequentials and look at year-over-year, we're growing our B2B business in our fiscal third quarter by over 20% year-over-year again. So it's a fantastic result, I think, and it shows the strength of this franchise.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. I think we can give everyone the data point that on a sequential basis, think of it as 50-50. The growth is coming from pricing versus units. So that falls into the baseline sequentially as we go forward, pricing falls into the baseline.
Operator: Your next question is from William Stein with Truist Securities.
William Stein: Ill add my congratulations to the very strong revenue and profitability and the outlook as well. That was great. But despite all that good stuff, theres a few factors that investors are certainly concerned about potentially disrupting bookings and potentially revenue performance, of course, the war in Ukraine, the COVID shutdowns in China and raising rates. But theres also a concern maybe not as prominent, but  that weve picked up on, which is customers adjusting orders, potentially ancelling or pushing out because theyre very challenged from a kitting perspective. You highlighted yourself that youre capacity constrained. Can you help us understand how those factors are affecting your business today and how you anticipate them playing out in your business over the next few quarters?
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think first and foremost, cancellations on ADI are very, very low. Theyre very muted. Customers  weve been very equitable in terms of how we have moved our supply across the markets, across the geographies, across the customer sizes. And I think that still is in very, very good stead. So my sense is we have  because of the equitable distribution of our goods, so to speak, weve got a better, more true read on demand. And I think what were shipping reflects what is true demand, I think better than most, I believe, based on feedback Im getting from customers. So I think those are the facts, cancellations low, equitable distribution of goods. And we dont see any  our backlog is still, actually during the last quarter, increased so demand continues to remain strong.
A Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Just the numbers. Well, the book-to-bill is above 1 in the second quarter, and that was, again, by all end markets and geographies. Because of that, the backlog continued to grow. You asked specifically about China. So real quickly, thats about 20% of our revenue. And the lockdowns had some impact on customer production, but it was really more severe around logistics and the supply chain related to the greater Shanghai area. Our China revenue was up quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year and no notable impacts to demand. Again, cancellations normal, and as I mentioned, book-to-bill above 1 for China. So when our guide reflects that most customers are operating at relatively normal levels and we consider this dynamic, so we think that at least for the third quarter, its going to be a negligible impact.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Just add a little bit of color. Also, we have no internal manufacturing operations in China. And from a logistics standpoint as well, we have very, very modest operations also in China.
A Michael Lucarelli: Well go to our last question, please.
Operator: Our last question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Toshi, are you on? Toshi may be on mute. Do we have 1 more in the queue?
Michael Lucarelli: Do we have 1 more in the queue?
Operator: Our next question is from Gary Mobley with Wells Fargo Securities.
Gary Mobley: I wanted to ask a follow-up question on backlog. I think you mentioned that based on the backlog and adding incremental supply, your expectation is for sequential revenue growth for at least maybe the next few quarters, maybe 3, maybe 4 quarters. Wondering to what extent have you stress tested your backlog to see, I guess, under the most bearish of circumstances, how that may trend if perhaps we see further deterioration in the economic backdrop and whatnot?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Gary, a fair question. The -- as Vince mentioned, we look at a number of external indicators. So we are mindful of what's happening in the macro environment. But as you mentioned, the conversations that he has with our customers continue to support their need for our products and that we are attached to the right secular driver. So I do want to clarify, you had said sequential growth for the next 3 to 4 quarters. I can't see out that far, Gary. I feel good about the next 2 to 3 quarters sequential growth, but I'm not sure I want to go out further than that at this point.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website. Thanks again for joining the call and your continued interest in Analog Devices.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Analog Devices First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and/or the web. Id now like to introduce your host for todays call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Holly and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining our first quarter fiscal 22 conference call. With me on the call today are ADIs CEO, Vincent Roche and ADIs CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. Anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. Now, on to the disclosures. The information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as further described in our earnings release and our periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only as the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in todays earnings release. Okay. With that, I will turn it over to ADIs CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vincent Roche: Well, thanks, Mike, and good morning to everybody. So once again, ADI delivered another record quarter, marking a strong start to the year. Our continued success was driven by our unparalleled high-performance portfolio and our teams strong operational execution and intense customer focus, enabling us to better meet the growing demand for our products. Now, looking at our first quarter results, revenue was $2.68 billion, up more than 20% year-over-year on a combined basis. Growth was broad-based, with all segments up double-digits year-over-year, led by industrial and automotive. Gross margin expanded to 72% and operating margin increased to over 45%. Adjusted EPS was $1.94, up 35% year-over-year. Now, its been nearly 6 months since we closed the Maxim transaction, overall, we have made great progress on the integration to-date. The feedback we have received from customers and our teams has been overwhelmingly positive and we have taken important steps to strengthen our operations. In the many exchanges I have had with our customers, they have expressed their enthusiasm for the combination recognizing the increased value that ADI and Maxim together bring to the market. Broadly speaking, ADI is viewed as a trusted, long-term focused partner that takes a customer-first approach to our engagements. We offer a unique combination of best-in-class engineering and unmatched domain expertise, with a high-performance portfolio that spans from microwave to bits, from nanowatts to kilowatts and from sensor to cloud. This is enabling us to develop more complete solutions that define the edge of possible. The acquisition of Maxim increases the breadth and depth of our high-performance portfolio, especially in power management. Here, our more comprehensive power portfolio allows us to better address opportunities across industrial, automotive, datacenter, connectivity and consumers. Similar to the cross-selling activity we implemented with the LTC portfolio, we are aggressively identifying areas to attach this power portfolio with ADIs leadership positions in analog, mixed signal and RF. And with our extended sales and field organizations, we are better positioned to uncover cross-selling opportunities and serve existing and new customers who have an increased need for application and design support at a solutions level. I have also been highly engaged with our teams across ADI. The combination has unleashed excitement throughout the organization. There is a burning desire to capitalize on the numerous opportunities to accelerate revenue growth. And I am already seeing firsthand the benefits of our collaboration, from operations, to engineering, to sales, making me excited for whats ahead. Turning firstly to our manufacturing operations, the analog sector is characterized by fragmentation, with diversity across products, customers, applications and markets. To tackle this complexity, we utilize a hybrid manufacturing strategy, providing us with vast capabilities across technology, processes and packaging necessary to create innovative solutions from 7 nanometers to 7 microns for our 125,000 customers. The combination with Maxim enhances our hybrid manufacturing model by enabling a more diverse network of internal facilities and external partners. This increases our access to technologies and capabilities, which in turn expands the scale and the scope of our offerings. We are investing in our internal manufacturing operations to build a more robust and cost effective model. To that end, we are expanding the footprints of our Oregon and Limerick fabs and adding significant capital to our test operations at our facilities in the Philippines, Thailand and Malaysia. These investments will grow our capacity this year and into 2023, provides seamless product qualifications for our customers, and give us greater optionality between our internal facilities and foundry partners. Now ahead of our Investor Day in April, Id like to preview some of the secular growth trends that make us most excited about the future of our industry and for our company. In the industrial market, we are seeing the compounding effect of many concurrent secular trends. For example, our instrumentation business, which is comprised of automated test equipment, electronic test and measurement and scientific instruments, is aligned with growth trends from connectivity, to EVs, to sustainability. The growing technology complexity of these applications requires ADIs more advanced metrology solutions, enabling us to continue increasing our SAM. Our factory automation business is empowering another critical trend of more intelligent and connected factories. Here, we support tens of thousands of customers of all sizes with our precision signal chain, power management, sensing technologies, and robust wired and wireless connectivity solutions. In automotive electrification, we are the global leader in battery management systems for EVs, with double the market share of our nearest competitor. We are continuing to build momentum globally. And in the last quarter, we have recorded several new design wins from premium European auto manufacturers. Electrification is not exclusive to the automotive sector. There is a necessary shift to sustainable energy sources to deliver the environmental benefits of electrification. This vision requires green energy generation with a smart grid, which digitally monitors and adjusts performance and also energy storage systems, which mitigate intermittency issues related to variable user demand. ADI supports this infrastructure with control and sensing technologies as well as accurate monitoring and efficient power conversion to ensure the grid parameters remain stable. Within automotive, we are also seeing manufacturers create a more immersive human experience by digitalizing the cabin. This requires increased bandwidth, lower latency and more efficient power management, creating new opportunities for ADIs connectivity and power portfolios. For example, our audio system solutions with signal processing, A2B connectivity and road noise cancellation provide customers with the highest fidelity solution while also reducing the vehicles weight. In addition, our GMSL franchise and functional safety certified power management solutions are critical in architecting and efficiently powering advanced driver assistance systems. Overall, our market-leading positions in BMS, audio systems and GMSL, combined with our complementary customer bases, position our automotive franchise to deliver strong growth in the years ahead. Turning now to advanced communications networks, in wireless, ADIs market leading software-defined transceiver portfolio is enabling next-generation communication systems from traditional 5G, to O-RAN, to low earth orbit satellites. And we are expanding our SAM with the industrys first transceiver that includes a fully integrated digital front-end. In wireline, our optical control and power portfolios are critical to tackling the exponential growth in bandwidth and compute power of carrier networks and hyperscale datacenters. Here we see a large and underserved opportunity for ADI. So with that backdrop, we look forward to expanding on these areas and more at our Investor Day with our senior leadership team. So in closing, ADI is the leader in innovating at the edge. We have an industry leading high-performance portfolio that continues to benefit from the acceleration of mass digitalization across industries. And with Maxim, our portfolio has increased in breadth and depth and we see even more opportunity than ever to capture additional market share. And I am very optimistic about what our future holds. And so with that, I will hand you over to Prashanth who will take us through the financial details.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone. Let me add my welcome to our first quarter earnings call. My comments today, with the exception of revenue, will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in todays press release. The revenue commentary is on a pro forma basis and includes pre-acquisition Maxim revenue in the comparable period. ADI delivered a very strong first quarter, with record revenue, profitability and earnings. These results reflect the secular demand for ADIs products, capturing synergies and effectively passing on inflationary costs. Our manufacturing team is diligently securing additional internal and external capacity as orders remain robust across all our markets and our backlog continues to grow. This sets the stage for continued sequential growth through the balance of fiscal 2022. So for the first quarter, revenue of $2.68 billion finished near the high-end of our outlook, with double-digit growth across all end markets and geographies. This marks our fourth consecutive quarter of record revenue and eighth straight of sequential growth. Looking at our end market performance for the quarter, industrial, our most diverse and profitable market, represented 50% of revenue and achieved a new all-time high. Industrial has grown more than 20% year-over-year for five straight quarters, underscoring our strong market positioning, supported by numerous secular tailwinds, including automation, digital healthcare, sustainable energy, aerospace and instrumentation. Automotive, which represented 21% of revenue, achieved another record, with every major application posting double-digit year-over-year growth. Our battery management system offering continues to outperform and represents over 15% of automotive revenue, underscoring ADIs leadership in electric powertrains. Additionally, secular content growth inside the cabin continues to drive both the A2B and GMSL connectivity franchises to new heights. Communications represented 15% of revenue and exhibited strength in wireless and wireline. We are in the early days of 5G deployments and expect global rollouts, led by North America, to accelerate in 2022 and beyond. And in wireline, demand remains strong as carriers and hyperscalers continue to upgrade their cloud infrastructure from long-haul to datacenter. And lastly, consumer represented 14% of revenue and was in line with seasonality. Importantly, we continue to grow year-over-year, supported by strategic investments aimed at diversifying our customer and application mix. The first quarter demonstrated our increased portfolio breadth as all segments achieved growth, including professional audio video, gaming, wearables, hearables and personal electronics. Now, looking at the P&L, gross margin increased 100 basis points sequentially and 190 basis points year-over-year, resulting in a record 71.9%. Favorable product mix, higher utilizations and synergies were key drivers of the increase. OpEx in the quarter was $702 million, better than anticipated due to faster synergy progress. Operating margin of 45.8% increased 510 basis points year-over-year. Non-op expenses were $44 million in line with last quarter. And our tax rate for the quarter was approximately 13%. All told, adjusted EPS of $1.94 increased 35%. Our record profitability this quarter was driven by the stronger revenue growth as well as the synergy capture. And now moving on to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with approximately $1.8 billion of cash and equivalents. And on a trailing 12-month pro forma basis, our net leverage ratio was just under one turn. Days of inventory increased modestly sequentially to 115 and channel inventory remains below the low end of our 7 to 8-week target. Looking at cash flow items, CapEx was $111 million for the quarter and $387 million over the trailing 12 months. As a reminder, during fiscal 2022, we plan to invest 6% to 8% of revenue to significantly grow our front and back-end capacity and build a more resilient hybrid manufacturing model for the long-term. Importantly, this higher level of CapEx will not hinder our capital return commitments. Over the trailing 12 months, we generated $2.78 billion of free cash flow or 33% of revenue. Our free cash flow margin was lower by about 3% due to costs related to the Maxim acquisition. Over the same time period, we returned approximately $4.2 billion or more than 150% of free cash flow via purchases and dividends. And as a reminder, we target 100% free cash flow return. We aim to use 40% to 60% of our free cash flow to consistently grow our dividend, with the remaining free cash flow used for share repo. And just yesterday, we announced a 10% increase to our quarterly dividend, marking the fourth consecutive year of double-digit increases. We have now raised our dividend 19x in the past 18 years. Our ASR program concluded in the first quarter, and as a result, we retired approximately 14.4 million shares. We are now more than halfway towards executing our $5 billion repo commitment by the end of calendar 2022. So let me finish with the second quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be $2.8 billion, plus or minus $100 million. At the midpoint, we expect all B2B markets to grow sequentially and for consumer to be flattish. At the midpoint, operating margin is expected to be 46.5%, plus or minus 70 bps. And this outlook includes approximately $100 million of annual run rate synergies, split roughly evenly between cost of goods and OpEx as we exit second quarter. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 13%. So based on these inputs, adjusted EPS should be around $2.07, plus or minus $0.10. And finally, let me end with an invitation. We are holding our Investor Day on April 5, where we look forward to sharing ADIs long-term strategy, our new financial model and a detailed update on all phases of our synergy road map. We hope to see many of you in person at our headquarters right outside of Boston, where we will offer unique customer-led interactive technology demonstrations and displays throughout the day. This includes showcasing our wireless battery management system for EVs and much more. Ill hand it off to Mike for the Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Lets get to the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] With that, we have our first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is going to come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. And good to see the strong execution. Vince, I was hoping you could maybe give us a readout of what you see as kind of the supply-demand balance in your different end markets. And if  as part of that, if you could help us understand what role is pricing playing in the industry today. And can it be sticky over time? Or will it need to revert back as there is more trailing-edge capacity that comes online, including from your other large U.S. competitor?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Good morning, Vivek, Im going to just do the setup for that on the supply and demand environment. So what were seeing in 2022 looks a lot like 2021. So we expect that we will be chasing demand throughout the year. Weve got continued order strength across the business. As I said in the prepared remarks, all end markets, all geographies are looking strong. And our backlog is continuing to expand. Weve delivered eight sequential quarters of growth, and thats supported by the manufacturing team continued to increase their ability to supply. And as I mentioned in the remarks, we expect that increase to be progressive over the balance of the year while they continue to debottleneck the process. So that will help us drive sequential growth. From a supply standpoint, were going to continue to look at the balance here and keep an eye on how things are going. But our view is that this will run through the balance of this year. And we expect that we will probably still have a little bit of catching up to do in early 23. On pricing, thats a longer question, so let me split that into two pieces. Why dont I talk margins and then Ill let Vince talk kind of pricing strategy. So from margins, we along with the rest of the industry have been passing on the higher costs that weve been seeing. So were not using this environment to take advantage of customers, but really targeting to maintain gross margins. So we have been pushing those costs out. But built into those margins is a number of items, including the synergy execution, which is coming in faster than we thought, some benefit of mix, higher revenue because we are actually shipping more units. So I think on a quarterly basis, unit shipment is up double-digits year-over-year. And then, of course, with all this unit increase in unit shipment, utilizations are also quite strong. So there is a number of benefits that are underlying the margin piece. But to finish off on pricing, Im going to pass to Vince to maybe talk about how were  how hes talking to customers.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Vivek, just to add a couple of other color comments here. So we have historically managed our pricing to reflect the value that we deliver to our customers. We get an innovation premium for our products. And also, we have very, very long life products in our portfolio. And customers pay us to keep security of supply for the long-term. And thats an approach that we intend to keep in perpetuity. I think also, pricing for us is more structural than cyclical. I think the last couple of years have really brought semiconductors from the background into the foreground and shown the importance of semiconductors to the modern digital economy. And I think customers understand the value in a more meaningful way. So I think, as Prashanth said, cost inflation, were in the post-Moores Law era, cost inflation, I think, is going to be a long-term facet of the economic dynamic of the semiconductor business. So I expect that cost increases will moderate, but there will be inflation, I think, for the medium to long-term here. So I think when you put it all together, the industry is in a better place to capture more of the value that its been generating over these many, many decades. And then I think we will benefit from that as a company based on the quality of our innovation, but also the new dynamics in the industry.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks for that, Vivek. Nest question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good afternoon. And good morning, guys. Thanks for let me ask the question. Just to follow-up on the pricing side of things, Vince. Im just kind of curious, will this years revenue growth be more influenced by pricing than last year? And to the extent that the price environment seems to be structurally changing, are there any parameters you can give us? Historically, pricing did x, and now we think its going to do sort of x plus. And because  and the reason why I asked the question is we look at your relative growth rates to some of the end markets that you participate in, and youre clearly growing significantly faster. And there is a content side of things. But that relative growth does kind of make people concerned about inventory levels. And so we look at inventory and revenue, we probably should be looking at it on units. Im just kind of curious how we should try to factor in that pricing dynamic.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: John, let me just set the numbers on that. So this year, pricing or  actually, I should say, for the current quarter, pricing counts for less than half the growth. So that kind of helps you size it. And we had said on the prior quarters call that in 2021, we had cost increases that were coming at us faster than we were able to push price out because we were in the process of closing the deal on Maxim and beginning the integration. So we did expect more pricing tailwind this year because we actually had inflationary cost headwind last year.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Id say, John, one other comment. Ive said many, many times before that for several years up to this step function increase due to inflation in prices and cost of goods and then prices, our pricing was  for many, many years, we had been  we had to fill a gap. We had to ship more units to keep up with the annual price reductions. I would say we were accentuating towards zero price reduction on the average, adding more ASPs to our products for the innovation that were creating. And then I think that for the long-term is going to be a better way to gauge ADIs pricing methodology. So were pricing for value. And were injecting significant amounts of R&D into the company to make sure that we keep ahead of our customers needs. So that will be, I think, the primary dynamic for value capture for ADI for the years ahead.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, John. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Pradeep Ramani with UBS.
Pradeep Ramani: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask about your automotive business just given how automotive production is sort of sharply rebounding in 2022. How do you feel about how much your automotive business can outgrow SAAR or even production in 2022? How should we think about that? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think right now, the supply chain is very, very lean. That is pretty well established. Ive talked with a lot of automotive companies over the last 6 months or so. And my sense is that everything that were shipping has been used and I dont see any stockpiling. So content in vehicles is increasing every year. The value generation activity in the auto sector now is  its driven by semiconductors and software. So were seeing content growth of 5% to 10% per year. And I think that will continue for the foreseeable future. We are seeing, I think, the shift towards EVs. Ive been surprised by the speed of the shift myself in the 2021 period. And that our customers are tilting the content, the semiconductor content towards premium models. So that accelerates the content growth story versus history. And then long-term, we expect to be able to grow our business in the automotive sector as a multiple of SAAR. We see tremendous opportunity to continue to drive our share and growth story of EVs. In cabin connectivity where weve got a very, very strong signal processing franchise, to which weve connected our A2B connectivity, road noise cancellations, a new value creator in the cabin. And were very excited by the GMSL, the connectivity portfolio, the high-speed connectivity portfolio that we have inherited from legacy Maxim. And we have aggressive plans to continue to build that out, both in terms of product development as well as our manufacturing footprint. And last but not least, power. We are underrepresented in general in power management, Id say, across the industry, and particularly in automotive and industrial. So, I think the combined portfolio of ADI and Maxim gives us a tremendous opportunity to tap in to what is actually the largest sector. Power is the largest sector of the analog market, and its growing at a compounded rate there. So, that gives you a sense for our automotive thinking.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question and congrats on the strong execution. Prashanth, I wanted to ask about your synergy capture in the quarter and how to think about synergies going forward. In your prepared remarks, I think you talked about earlier than expected synergy capture. Should we consider this as kind of a pull-in of synergies, or would it be fair to assume that the Phase 1 target of $275 million is a little bit more on the conservative side? And then, I guess additionally, on Phase 2, I realize its kind of early. But you had talked about potentially looking at your manufacturing footprint similar to how you did with the linear. Is that still the plan, or could things change given the stronger demand backdrop? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Good question, Toshi. And a great setup to invite folks to join us in April when we are going to answer all those questions. The  in the last call, we talked about $20 million of synergies was realized in fourth quarter. And we said that there would be minimal impact in the first half before ramping more aggressively into the second half. We have moved faster than originally planned and we have captured more earlier. So, we are going to exit second quarter at about $100 million of that $275 million. And as I have said in the remarks, its roughly split between both cost of goods and OpEx. The  we will give you an update on that $275 million in terms of how much we believe we can actually achieve in that first Phase 1 time period. We will do that at the April earning  Investor Day. Vivek will also specifically talk about his plans and what he is  has high confidence on for Phase 2 of the cost synergies. And then our Head of  our Chief Customer Officer is going to talk about the revenue synergies that we are expecting from the combination. So, we will lay all that out for you when we see you here in Boston in a couple of weeks.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask about gross margin. So, I hear what you are saying on pricing. It sounds like its a revenue boost, but not so much a margin boost yet. But I just look at the company, ADI standalone was kind of 70 to maybe low-70s, Maxim was kind of mid to high-60s. And you are doing 72% out of the gate. Is this mostly just utilization and mix and the synergies? And it sounds like you have got more synergies coming. You have got revenue going through the year. Should we be thinking about the current gross margin level you just put in Q1 as sort of being the bottom for the year as you continue to progress?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Stacy, let me just clarify, that I would be incorrect to assume that there was no benefit from pricing in the gross margins. What I wanted to clarify earlier in the response was, embedded in that margin improvement is the synergy, the faster synergy execution, which I just answered in Toshiyas question. The mix, which we talked about in the prepared remarks, again, very strong industrial at 50%, is great for us. And then higher unit volume, because we are up on a unit basis double-digits, and utilization, and then pricing also fits into that. So, they are all elements of that. In terms of how to think about the gross margin on a go-forward basis, we will share the new operating model or the financial model for the company in April. But I will preview to say that our focus continues to be on how do we drive the best revenue growth balancing that gross margin. So, as we have met with investors, there is pretty uniform agreement that what they would like to see is higher revenue growth and make the trades that are necessary on margin to be able to deliver higher revenue growth. So, we will talk more about the model in Investor Day. But I would not be encouraging folks to be modeling very high gross margin numbers over the long-term.
Michael Lucarelli: Gross margins, Stacy, and how it trends, we dont guide gross margins, but I will give you some context around. If you look at 2Q, its usually up a bit. Thats embedded in our outlook. In the back half, usually about flat from there. That kind of helps you from a kind of near-term 2022 outlook. And then at the Investor Day, we will talk more about the long-term outlook for the business.
Stacy Rasgon: Thats helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on the record results. Could you just talk a little bit more about your capacity plans? You talked about increasing CapEx 6% to 8% this year. I dont know if thats sort of the first year or more to come. And is there any way for you to quantify what that does as far as capacity expansion? I know you have a hybrid model and this is a moving target. But any color you can share with us on how much capacity you are going to have? That would be great. Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So thanks, Tore. The  well, first off, if we just take it from a high level, first, we have always utilized a hybrid manufacturing model at ADI. And it gives us the reach of process technology and capabilities that we need to support the sheer breadth of our portfolio, which is more than 75,000 unique product sets. And we are supplying 125,000 customers. So, I think when we think about the long-term, we will continue to use the benefits of this hybrid model for optionality, resilience and the availability of technology. So overall, the business that we are in, it is  and given that we are approaching the world with a hybrid mentality, our business is less capital intensive. And it also gives us, as I said, resiliency in terms of gross margin and long-term access to more options for process technology, etcetera, etcetera. So, I will hand it over to Prashant. He will make a few comments on the investments that we are making and how we are going to strengthen that model.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Tore, I think your question was specifically related to CapEx. So, let me just  let me kind of size that at a high level. So, we said that our CapEx is going to be doubling in 2022. And we are targeting somewhere between 6% to 8%, which is above our historical long-term rate of 4%. And that CapEx is being used for internal capacity. Specifically, that can swing in and out, so it helps us with optionality. And thats an important element of the hybrid manufacturing model that Vince talked about is being able to use that same capacity for volume when we need it or utilization if the market should not have the same level of demand as they do today. So, the shelves of the building are complete. And Vince mentioned in his prepared remarks that we were adding in  expanding our footprints in Oregon and Limerick. And also, we are adding a significant amount of testers to our back end in the Phils, Thailand and the LTC site that we acquired in Malaysia.
Tore Svanberg: Great. Helpful. Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Thanks Tore.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much. Prashanth, I wanted to come back to the inventory. On a GAAP basis, which is consistently how we measure for all companies, its pretty low versus the average and versus the long-term target that you have laid out. And on an absolute dollar basis, it was down quite a bit as well. So, I was just wondering, part of it is probably from the accounting and the step-up you had from the Maxim acquisition. Could you just help us understand, was there a drawdown internally? And I dont think I heard you talk about where channel inventory was. So, what should we expect inventory to do on an absolute dollar basis as we go through the year? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, great question, Ambrish. So first, let me say that you are absolutely right. There is a bunch of purchase accounting that is flowing through the balance sheet. So, the inventory numbers probably have a bit more noise, and we can handle that with your team offline. But let me high level kind of help folks to think about the inventory. So, the channel remains very, very lean. That is not the  not our balance sheet, but the inventory in the channel, that remains very lean, well below our seven-week to eight-week target. We are having difficulty building inventory in the channel. We get it into the channel, and it moves out very quickly. Within ADIs books, our days of inventory are up slightly, primarily, as I mentioned that we are planning to see revenue increase sequentially for the balance of the year. So, you have the raw material and the WIP is in  is sort of in the middle of the process now before that comes out, and that is  thats up. We also had a little bit of finished goods up, but that was purely timing on when the quarter ended versus where the goods were in the transit process. So, I wouldnt read anything into our increase in finished goods, except to say its just  it happened to be when the Drawbridge closed for the quarter.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Ambrish. We will go to our last question, please.
Operator: Alright. Our last question will come from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good morning. Congratulations on the strong results and execution. If I look at cloud and hyperscale data center CapEx spending for this year, thats expected to grow like 30%. And I know that in the data center end market, Maxim, for example, they provide the critical processor power management for NVIDIAs data center GPUs. They provide power management for Googles flagship AI processors. On the ADI side, you guys provide server power supply solutions and optical networking solutions. So, I guess my question is, given the strong backdrop, was data center a big driver for your comps business in Q1? How do you see data center growth for the full year? And how big is data center as a percent of your overall comm business?
Michael Lucarelli: I will answer backwards. I will start with kind of the sizing of data center for you. If you look at our comms business, its about 15% of total revenue. Thats split about evenly between wireless and wireline, about 50%, 50% in each of those. And if you look at the wireline piece, thats where data center is embedded, its probably about 30% to 35% of that relates to the data center. What do we ship into this, I know you outlined it pretty well. I am not going to go through it again. But I will pass it to Vincent and Prashant, probably Vince to talk a little bit more about what the opportunity is in data center and why we are excited.
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks Mike. Well, we have I consider, combined with Maxim, a strong position in optical connectivity as well as carrier networks, but also power management, whether its the power system monitoring, energy monitoring and actually power delivery itself. We see that as a phenomenal opportunity. So, my sense is, and we will talk more about this at the Investor Day, but we will unpack the story for you. But my sense is that we can double our data center and cloud business over the next 4 years to 5 years.
Harlan Sur: Great. Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Alright. Thank you, Harlan. And thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript and all of our reconciliations will be available on our website. We hope you can join us at our in-person at Investor Day, April 5. Thanks for joining the call and interest in Analog Devices. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-11-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web.  I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our fourth quarter and fiscal 2021 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. Now on to the disclosures. The information are about to discuss in forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as further described in our earnings release, ADI and Maxim's periodic reports and other materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. Please note we published a table on our Investor web page of historical pro forma combined end market revenue aligned to ADI fiscal quarters. As part of this exercise, we also mapped subsegments to match ADI's groupings. As a result of this reclassification, about $150 million of annual revenue moved from industrial and communications to consumer for the Maxim business. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thank you very much, Mike, and a very good morning to you all. Well, once again, we delivered record revenue and profits in our fourth quarter, closing out what was a milestone year for ADI. Our success was driven by our industry leading high performance portfolio and our team's strong operational execution, enabling us to better meet the insatiable demand for our products. Now stepping back a little. 2021 truly demonstrated the vital importance of semiconductors to the modern digital age. We invested ahead of this inflection, building a comprehensive portfolio to better solve our customers' most complex problems in this ubiquitously sensed and connected world. As we enter 2022, our backlog and bookings remain robust and we continue to invest in manufacturing capacity, positioning us well for another successful year ahead. Now moving on to our results. Our fourth quarter revenue was $2.34 billion and EPS was $1.73, both exceeding the midpoint of guidance. And for 2021, our revenue was $7.32 billion and EPS was $6.46. Looking at our organic ADI. We delivered new high watermarks on revenue and profits. Industrial and automotive achieved record revenue this year, while consumer returns to annual growth for the first time since 2017. And communications revenue declined its continued strength and wired was offset by weakness in wireless related to the China market. In 2021, we generated a record $2.4 billion of free cash flow, equating to a free cash flow margin of approximately 33%. This maintains our position in the top 10% of the S&P 500. In line with our revised capital allocation strategy to return 100% of free cash flow, we returned $3.7 billion to shareholders in 2021 through dividends and share buybacks. It was not only a record year for performance and shareholder returns but also for investments that position us to better capture market opportunities presented by secular growth drivers in our business. First, we took decisive action to add capacity throughout the year with more than $340 million in capital expenditures. This is enabling us to better navigate the near-term supply/demand imbalance while achieving our long-term growth objectives. And in 2022, we're planning to expand our internal manufacturing capacity at our factories in the US and Europe. These additional investments will create more profitable, flexible and resilient manufacturing capabilities at ADI. Now at our core, we're an innovation driven enterprise. And together with Maxim, we will invest more than $1.6 billion in R&D annually to ensure we continue developing solutions that define the edge of possible. As you know, to complement our organic efforts, we selectively use M&A to expand both our scale and our scope. In 2017, the acquisition of LTC reflected this strategy. Since acquiring the franchise, we delivered on our goal to double its historical growth rate. Equally impressive was our ability to improve on Linear's industry leading gross margins. More recently, we completed the acquisition of Maxim Integrated. Similar to previous acquisitions, we're combining the best from ADI and Maxim to develop a new operating system that enhances customer engagement and drives long term profitable growth. And I'm very pleased with the progress that we've made already. On the customer engagement side, the integration of our field teams has brought a tremendous degree of excitement. The team is already beginning to identify cross selling opportunities and building out our opportunity pipeline. From an engineering and operations perspective, our teams are coming together at a remarkable speed and we're aligning product and technology road maps to help accelerate growth in the years ahead. This combination also strengthens the diversity of our portfolio and enriches our resilient business model. To that end, we now have approximately 75,000 product SKUs and 80% of these products individually account for less than 0.1% of our total revenue. And the addition of Maxim provides us with a more comprehensive power portfolio, Maxim's primarily application focused power offerings are highly complementary with ADI's more general purpose or catalog power portfolio. This adds new SAM in all our markets and enhances cross selling opportunities, accelerating revenue growth in our $2 billion-plus power portfolio. Given these investments, we entered 2022 with an unparalleled portfolio of technology and talent aimed at capitalizing on the secular growth trends across all our markets. And now I'd like to share a few examples of how our business is at the heart of these emerging trends, starting with industrial. 2021 was a better year for our highly diversified and profitable industrial business with all applications achieving all time highs. Our unrivaled high performance portfolio continues to benefit from the mass digitalization movement across industries. Our largest industrial segment, instrumentation and test, is comprised of automated test equipment, electronic test and measurement and scientific instruments. These applications must combat increasing test times as system complexity and metrology requirements rise exponentially. For example, processors in memory and data centers are leveraging finer node geometries with higher levels of integration, which can double the test time. This challenge is our opportunity. Our innovative, purpose built solutions are bringing test time back to parity while increasing our content by more than 50%. Factory automation is one of our largest industrial segments. I believe we're at a tipping point in the Industry 4.0 as customers are looking to add sensing, edge processing and connectivity to make their supply chains more robust, efficient and, of course, flexible. ADI's precision signal chain and power franchises, sensing technologies and robust wired and wireless connectivity are critical to enabling these efforts. Looking ahead, we have an enormous opportunity to connect Maxim's rich power portfolio, which is underrepresented in the industrial sector today with ADI's strong position. Shifting now to automotive. In a year dominated by chip shortage headlines, we achieved record revenue as consumers and manufacturers are embracing electric vehicles and an enhanced in-vehicle experience. These two areas need additional semiconductor content and align very well with the strengths of both ADI and Maxim. In electric vehicles, our market leading wired and wireless battery management systems, or BMS, offer customers the highest levels of accuracy, reliability and safety as well as flexibility to scale across all battery chemistries, including the more environmentally friendly zero cobalt LFP. Our BMS position is further strengthened with Maxim. We now sell to seven of the top 10 EV manufacturers and our increased technology and product scale enables us to address new SAM. Our efficiency is also critical in electric vehicles to better optimize performance and range. Here, Maxim's strong and growing power management capabilities complement our portfolio. Now inside the vehicle, automakers are enhancing the in-cabin experience. ADI's market leading audio systems with signal processing, A2B connectivity and active road noise cancellation continues to gain traction. In 2021, our A2B franchise was designed in at five major OEMs. And since its launch in 2016, we've shipped over 50 million A2B nodes, and we expect this to double within the next three years. With Maxim, our in-cabin connectivity offerings expand to include their industry leading GMSL franchise, which is critical in architecting advanced driver assistance systems. Turning to communications. 2021 was an uneven year as strength in wired was offset by weakness in the China wireless market. Encouragingly, as we look to 2022, the proliferation of 5G is gaining momentum globally, especially in North America. In the wireless market, ADI is the leader with more than double the market share of our closest competitor. This year, we introduced the industry's first software defined radio transceiver that includes a fully integrated digital front end. This next generation transceiver platform enables us to defend and extend our position in traditional 5G and emerging O-RAN networks. Additionally, Maxim's power portfolio will support our goal to increase our power attach rate in the wireless market. In our wired business, we grew again this year as data centers and networking became increasingly vital to accelerating digitalization. Maxim more than doubles our exposure to data centers and adds new growth vectors with its power management solutions for cloud processors and accelerators, and momentum is building with a strong pipeline across traditional customers as well as hyperscalers. Finally, moving on to consumer. Our business delivered double digit growth this year as we executed on our strategy to diversify our customers' products and applications. Maxim further builds in these efforts, bringing additional power, audio and sensing capabilities and adding new applications like fast charging and gaming. Given the strong pipeline and design wins for our signal processing solutions across hearables, wearables and professional audio video, combined with our power management capabilities, I'm confident that we're on the path for continued growth. Now I'd like to focus on ESG just a little, which is now an integral part of our business strategy. Broadly speaking, I believe semiconductors can play a major role in improving our standard of living while also protecting our planetary health. For example, ADI's technology is critical to optimizing global energy efficiency from EVs and charging stations to sustainable energy and smart grids. We're not only investing in these applications, but they represent a meaningful and growing portion of ADI's revenue today. So we've made substantial progress on our ESG initiatives in 2021, including a commitment to increase the use of sustainable energy for 100% of our organic ADI manufacturing activities by 2025, up from 50% today. Actions like these will help us achieve our goal of carbon neutrality by 2030 and net zero emissions by 2050. We launched the Ocean and Climate Innovation Accelerator Consortium focused on the critical role of oceans in combating climate change. And we've enhanced our disclosure and transparency in ESG topics, especially around diversity, equity and inclusion. In the year ahead, we look to extend our ESG initiatives across the combined company and, of course, make further progress toward our goals. So in closing, I'd like to thank our employees and partners who worked tirelessly throughout this past year, helping ADI achieve these historic results. We're off to a strong start in 2022 with continued robust demand and line of sight to capacity additions. And I've never been more optimistic about ADI's future. Our industry leading position is stronger with Maxim as we expand our capabilities to capitalize on emerging secular drivers positioning us for faster growth in the years ahead. And with that, I'll hand you over to Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our year end earnings call. Except for revenue, my comments on the P&L and our outlook will be on a non-GAAP or adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. Also, the acquisition of Maxim closed on August 26th. As such, I will discuss results inclusive of Maxim's contributions for approximately 9.5 weeks. I'll begin with a brief review of 2021. We delivered sequential revenue growth every quarter, leading to a new all time high of $7.32 billion. Gross margins of 70.9% increased 180 basis points due to favorable product mix, stronger utilization and the savings from a legacy LTC plant optimization. Operating margins of 42.4% increased 250 basis points, reflecting gross margin fall through and disciplined discretionary spending. All told, adjusted EPS increased more than 30% to a record $6.46. Turning to the fourth quarter. Revenue of $2.34 billion exceeded the midpoint of our updated guidance. Maxim's contribution to revenue was $559 million. Looking at the end market results and to give a better view into the underlying trends, I'll focus my remarks on organic ADI results. But this will be the last earnings call where we provide ADI organic commentary. Industrial represented 57% of revenue and increased slightly sequentially and 25% year-over-year with growth across every subsegment. For the full year, industrial increased 28%. This strong performance once again, is a testament to our sustained relative outperformance in the industrial market. Communications represented 16% of revenue and was flat sequentially while decreasing year-over-year. For the year, we delivered record wired sales while total comps declined due to the weakness in China wireless, largely related to geopolitical tensions. Excluding this region, total comps grew more than 20% in 2021. And overall, our [comms] geographic mix shifted with North America, Europe and Korea, now representing our largest sources of revenue. Automotive represented 15% of revenue and was down 9% sequentially as the third quarter included revenue from an IP licensing agreement. Excluding this, auto was flat sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, auto increased 15% with BMS more than doubling, reflecting our leadership position in the electrification ecosystem. For the year, auto exhibited robust broad-based growth, finishing up 36%. Consumer represented 12% of revenue and increased more than 20% sequentially and year-over-year, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of annual growth. Over a year ago, we said consumer would grow in 2021 and the team delivered on this commitment with consumer increasing 12% for the year. Moving on to the rest of the fourth quarter P&L. I'm going to speak to the results inclusive of the partial quarter of Maxim. Gross margins were 70.9%, up 90 bps year-over-year. Operating margins finished at 43.1%, up 140 basis points year-over-year. Non-op expense was $44 million and the tax rate was 12.7%. All in, adjusted EPS was $1.73 above the midpoint of guide and up more than 20% year-over-year. If we look at the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with approximately $2 billion of cash and equivalents and on a trailing 12 month pro forma basis, our net leverage ratio was 1.1 turns. Building on our ESG efforts, we continue to strategically leverage sustainable financing. We're proud to be the first US tech company to deploy three sustainable finance instruments with our inaugural green bond issuance, a sustainability linked revolving credit facility and a sustainability linked to bond offering. Specifically, this bond offering was part of our $4 billion refinancing efforts during the quarter. And as a result, we lowered our weighted average coupon to 2.7% while extending the average duration of our total debt by nearly 10 years. Inventory dollars increased slightly sequentially after adjusting for the partial quarter of Maxim activity and the fair value step-up of inventory related to the acquisition, while inventory days were down slightly. Channel inventory declined and remains below the low end of our seven to eight week target. Moving to the cash flow statement. For the year, cash flow from operations increased 36% to more than $2.7 billion. We generated a record free cash flow of $2.4 billion or approximately 33% of revenue despite CapEx more than doubling to $344 million or 4.7% of revenue. We also returned a record $3.7 billion or more than 150% of free cash flow to shareholders this year by dividends and buybacks, including 80% of our $2.5 billion ASR program. As a reminder, we plan to return 100% of free cash flow to shareholders. This is accomplished by growing our dividend annually with 40% to 60% dividend payout target and by using residual cash flow or buybacks. We entered 2022 as a much larger enterprise with an attractive long term outlook. As Vince mentioned, we plan to increase our capacity investments to support revenue growth and reinforce the resiliency and efficiency of our hybrid manufacturing model. As such, we anticipate CapEx being 6% to 8% of revenue for 2022 above our long term model of 4%. This step-up in CapEx will not impact the commitment we made in September to buy back 5 billion of shares by the end of calendar '22. So now on to the first quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be $2.6 billion plus or minus $100 million. Based on the midpoint, we expect operating margin to be 43.3 plus or minus 70 bps. We expect non-op expenses of approximately $50 million, a 12.5% tax rate and a share count of approximately 530 million. Based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.78 plus or minus $0.10. For additional context, using the fourth quarter pro forma combined revenue as a base, our guide at the midpoint implies low single digit growth quarter-on-quarter in Q1 to what is normally a seasonally weaker quarter. This growth is driven by an increase in B2B quarter-over-quarter, while consumer is down sequentially. So before closing, I want to give a brief update on our Maxim integration progress. Phase 1 of shareholder value creation is well underway, building conviction in our cost synergy timeline. We anticipate realizing over 40% of the initial $275 million OpEx and COGS synergy target in fiscal '22 with the remaining coming in fiscal '23. I'm proud of the team's effort and confident this pace of execution will continue. At our Analyst Day next spring, we'll update investors on our progress as well as provide more details on Phases 2 and 3, which relate to additional savings from infrastructure optimization and revenue synergies, respectively. Before turning to Q&A, I'd like to congratulate Mike Lucarelli on his promotion to Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis. Look forward to working with you Mike in this continued partnership. Let me hand it over to you to take Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. All right. With that, let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] With that, we have our first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Congratulations on the solid quarter. Vince, Prashanth, if I exclude kind of the Maxim revenue in the October quarter, the core ADI business just came in line with the midpoint of your original range, which is clearly not horrible. But just given strength of business and kind of your pension to tend to give upside and the view that maybe Maxim was more supply constrained than ADI. I'm just wondering if you can help us understand that dynamic and maybe it's getting rectified in the January quarter being guided above seasonal. But were there supply constraints in the quarter that impacted either revenue and/or margins? And any kind of conversation around that would be helpful.
Vincent Roche: In the past quarter, our organic supply had some impact from some COVID shutdowns in Southeast Asia that affected much of the industry. We still did grow sequentially in the fourth quarter. But as we've been talking about for the last couple of quarters, our supply has been limited and revenue really is a function of supply. So that hiccup did put a little bit of pressure on the revenue line, and you'll see that correct itself as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Mike, congrats on the promotion. I guess I had a question on pricing and also long term supply agreements. Quite a few of your competitors or peers in the industry have talked about approaching customers, or customers approaching them about long term agreements. I think you gave a couple of comments on past calls, but if you can update us on how you're thinking about initiatives of that sort, that would be super helpful and how you're balancing that with your long-term purchases of wafer capacity. Any comments on how to think about pricing broadly going forward would be super helpful.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Why don't I take pricing, and I'll let Vince kind of speak how we think about it longer term. So the short answer is, for 2021, we've been talking about rising cost inflations over the course of the year, and we've been raising our prices with the goal of neutralizing the impact to margin. I would say that in the fiscal year that just finished, cost increases and price increases were not completely synchronized. So it's very likely that cost inflation outpaced our pricing actions for the year and we're likely a modest headwind to the year. As we go into 2022, we're looking for the inverse of that. We're looking for pricing net of inflation to be a modest tailwind to the year as the price increases that have begun -- begin to get more traction. And we believe that while we still will have some cost increases over the course of the year, most of those are now baked into the run rate.
Vincent Roche: Toshi, I can take a slightly longer-term view of things. I think it's true to say, certainly from our standpoint, that price increases aren't new. We've been systematically raising prices as a company for many, many years, I think we've talked about before. We continue to deliver increasing value in our new product streams. And we also maintain products for our customers that are often more than 20 years in -- 20 years old in vintage terms. We've taken a very measured approach to pricing over the last year. And we've been very transparent with our customers as well that price increases are really more about passing on costs rather than looking to enhancing our margins. Last comment on pricing. I think the industry, as we approach this kind of post-Moore's Law era, we're in an era now, I believe, of structural price increases rather than cyclical. In other words, I think you'll start to see inflation sustained for the industry in the years ahead. It's been proven over the last couple of years for certain that semis are the roots of the modern digital economy. And I think customers understand as well that importance and the value that is increasingly created by semi. So I believe that, as I said, inflation will persist. It will moderate, but I think it's a facet now of the business structure of the semi industry and indeed ADI's business.
Operator: Your next question is from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Congratulations on the record results. Vince, you're probably not going to share revenue synergy numbers with us probably until the Analyst Day. But could you perhaps just give us some examples of potential revenue synergies between Maxim and ADI, please?
Vincent Roche: I mean, there are many, many. I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, for example, that Maxim is very underrepresented in the industrial space where ADI is very, very strong. Half our business, total business is industrial, and it's a very, very small part of Maxim's business. And where I see the opportunity there is really on the power side of things, power management, in particular. It's the fastest growing segment in the analog space. And I think generally, across the board, we're still underrepresented as a company in power. We today have approximately $2.3 billion, $2.4 billion of combined power revenues. My sense is we can double that in a reasonable period of time. And we'll give a lot more detail on that when we get to the Investor Day over the next couple of months. And from an application and market standpoint, I'd just like to point to data center. You know the power management solutions that Maxim has for companionship with cloud processors, AI machines, accelerators and so on, I think will combine very nicely with ADI's data center micromodules. And then in automotive, connectivity, Maxim's GMSL high speed link technology used in our in-cabin connectivity portfolio, will enable us to optimize solutions and address a lot more applications in the car. And that's a nice companion as well to ADI's A2B connectivity solution for audio. And last but not least, Maxim has added a lot of heft to our BMS portfolio and our portfolio now is double the size it was pre-Maxim. And as I mentioned, again, in the prepared remarks, we now sell to seven out of the top 10 OEMs in the electric car area. And there's a lot more examples but they are the primary ones I'd like to point out at this stage.
Operator: Your next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Vince, I just wanted to get your perspective on the shape of kind of fiscal '22 sales growth. Your Q1 outlook implies, I believe, about 19% pro forma sales growth, that's well above your closest Analog peers with an acceleration from Q4. And if I were to assume that Q1 is kind of the low point of the year and you grow supply sequentially, that points to a double digit sales growth. So I know you're not giving full year guidance, but are we thinking about it the right way? And what could be the puts and takes from a supply and then also a mix perspective as we go through the year?
Vincent Roche: So I'm going to at least give you some shape on that. So when we look into 2022, we can see growth across all the various market sectors for the year. And I think it's possible that we'll see another double digit top line year for ADI. And the primary reasons, well, we've got a very strong backlog as we enter the year. We're seeing broad based demand continue. I think also, we're seeing some improvement, generally speaking. With each passing month, we're seeing improvements in supply. So I think that line of sight gives us increased confidence, that's both internally as well as externally. We are in catch up more than pricing. So I think you'll see some significant contribution in 2022 from pricing activities. And also, inventories continue to remain low in the distribution channel and, of course, on the customer side pretty much on a broad basis. So I think overall, '22 should shape up to be a good year and we've got many, many drivers there on our side.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Vivek, maybe just double clicking on the supply item to provide clarity. We put in a fair amount of equipment orders for the legacy ADI operations. So we expect ADI capacity to continue to increase quarter-on-quarter over the coming fiscal year. On the Maxim side, we've done the same, but those orders only went in when the deal closed. So given the long lead times from the semi-cap guys, we're probably unlikely to see a meaningful increase in Maxim's ability to supply until the tail end of the year. So unfortunately, I think Maxim, from a fiscal year basis, will probably be a little bit of a drag on growth just because we can't get the tools fast enough.
Operator: Your next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: I just wanted to say thanks to Mike for providing all the web schedule that really goes a long way in transparency. So I really appreciate that. My question is on lead times and the expedites. I just wanted to see what you're seeing versus what TI highlighted, which was very different than what we've heard from other companies. So specifically, are you seeing expedites narrow down and then where are your lead times? So I think in the last earnings call, you had mentioned or in my call back, you had mentioned that you had 25% hotspots. So color on those would be helpful.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Ambrish, we're really not seeing much of a change. The customer -- on customer buying behavior, book-to-bill is well above one in the fourth quarter. So our outlook to grow quarter-on-quarter for the first quarter in what is normally a seasonally weaker quarter as a reference to that. Our backlog increased and we're starting 2022 with a very high level, and we have not seen much change in cancellations or pushouts. So we're continuing to do what we have been doing and that is we're reviewing with sales and ops for red flags that would indicate there's some level of turning in the market. We haven't seen anything notable, really it's pretty strong across all end markets and all geographies. And as we've said before, we manage our business on sell-through. So we really look through distribution to get insight from where our products are going on a sell-through basis to understand what's happening in terms of who's buying and where it's being shipped to. So we're prepared for things to change but I would say right now, it continues to feel as it did a quarter ago.
Vincent Roche: I think briefly from my perspective. The number of conversations that I've been having with customers certainly hasn't slowed down. And in these conversations, it's pretty clear to me that what we're being requested to support as real demand. So our customers are trying to get products out the door, and they're not building inventories at this point in time.
Ambrish Srivastava: And have the lead times changed versus where they were last quarter?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: It depends on the product, and it depends on the market. So we have some areas where they continue to extend and others that have stabilized. So overall, lead times are above normal and it's not where we want them to be. But it's very product and market specific given the diversity of what we make and where we make it.
Vincent Roche: I think it's true to say lead times have stabilized.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: I wanted to ask a little more about the shape of the synergies. I think you had said the cost synergies would be in 40% this year and the remainder of next year. Can you give us some idea how do those split out between OpEx and gross margin and COGS, and what is the proper sort of all-in baseline for OpEx that we should be building those synergies off of? And I guess, finally, with gross margins along with same lines, given you've got pricing and other stuff as a tailwind and you see revenue growth. Do you still think that Q1 gross margins wherever they want coming out, is that the trough for the year, given how everything else flows through?
Vincent Roche: So Stacy, the way to think about the cost synergies is we said roughly 40% in the coming fiscal and then the balance in 2023. The majority of the coming fiscal will actually be in cost of goods. And then in 2023, you'll see that flip to be the majority of that coming in OpEx. What else can I tell you there -- anything else [Mike] that's relevant
Michael Lucarelli: I'll call that -- that would be -- that's Phase 1. We will talk more about Phase 2 at the Analyst Day and we'll look to increase that synergy target at that time. And I think you had second question on gross margin, I'll pass it back to Prashanth
Stacy Rasgon: Also whats the proper sort of like current like folding run rate for OpEx right now?
Vincent Roche: If you look at our our first quarter guide, and that's probably a good level of run rate OpEx, I would say. In that guide, there is about $20 million of annual OpEx we took out in our fourth quarter. So maybe add $20 million to that for the run rate
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: On gross margins, the -- so first quarter seasonally tends to be a little bit lower because we have the holiday shutdowns and this first quarter here will have a full quarter of Maxim, which as many of you know, had lower gross margins than stand-alone ADI. So we've got some headwind coming from that. The tailwind is we've got the revenue that's coming in strong and pricing, as I mentioned earlier, is going to be -- start to be mildly accretive. So all in, I would think gross margins kind of sequentially, I think, flattish is a safe model.
Vincent Roche: And you're right, on the gross margin for the year, the plan is for it to continue to rise throughout the year, assuming demand remains strong and mix doesn't change given synergies and also our pricing actions.
Operator: Your next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Congratulations on the strong results and execution. On inventories, I think you mentioned that they continue to be below your target range of seven to eight weeks. And I know that on a finished goods perspective, at least through Q3, that was down year-over-year, it was down year-to-date versus an increase in total inventories, which implies to me that consignment or direct customer inventories are also quite lean and demand is strong. And so I guess what's your view on when the team and your customers will be in a position to build back inventories or is it just hand them out for the next several quarters?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I think it probably looks to be continued hand to mouth for the next couple of quarters. Our inventory numbers are a little bit confusing because of some of the map that's in there. So I'll just go back to what I said in the prepared remarks. Days of inventory was down slightly. The internal inventory balance was up as we built raw materials and WIP. You have some noise in there from Maxim's inventory being added into our middle of the quarter as well as the purchase accounting math, which requires us to do a step up of that. So adjusting for all of that, we were up slightly in terms of ADI balance sheet inventory and most of that was in WIP. On the channel side, it remains very lean and well below where we want it to be, and that causes some challenges on customer service as it does for everyone in the industry. We don't see that abating at least for the first or second quarter, and it's hard for us to see further out than that.
Operator: Your last question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: I guess a question on supply and gross margins. As you look at fiscal '22, can you speak to the growth you anticipate from internal versus external supply? And then based on that, how should we think about the implications to your gross margins?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So C.J., well, let's break down the dynamics. On the internal supply, I mentioned that ADI's internal capacity will continue to improve as we go through every quarter as we bring more equipment online. On the Maxim side, I mentioned that is pretty much flat for most of the year. We're optimistic that we might be able to see some improvement towards the tail end of the year as we get more equipment in. On the external side, I will say that Vince himself is personally involved in conversations with our foundry partners and looking to get additional wafer capacity when we can, but it's very much driven by what nodes are available. And maybe I'll pass to Vince here to add a bit more comment since you've been having a lot of those conversations
Vincent Roche: I think the best answer we can give you, C.J., is that we've indicated we expect gross margins to increase throughout the year. And we've got a hybrid model. So we expect to -- against that, we're not expecting any kind of external, internal prohibitions that will impact gross margin but we expect it to increase throughout the year.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call this morning. A content transcript will be available on our Web site and all available reconciliations and this information can also be found there. Thanks again for joining us and your continued [Technical Difficulty] Analog Devices. Have a great Thanksgiving.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Happy Thanksgiving, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect. Speakers, please hold the line.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-08-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Mike Lucarelli: Thank you, Shelby. And good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our third quarter fiscal 2021 conference call. With me on the call, today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche, and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. Anyone who missed the release, can find it and relatIng financial schedules at investor.analog.com. And onto the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as described in our earnings release, and our most recent 10-Q and other periodic reports and materials follow the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from this forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law. Our comment today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior to last period's. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most drastic comparable GAAP measures, and additional information about our non-GAAP are included in today's earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vince Roche. Vince?
Vince Roche: Thank you, Mike. And a very good morning to everybody. So, ADI delivered a second consecutive Quarter of record revenue and earnings, despite the challenging supply environments. Our strong performance was driven by continued operational excellence and insatiable demand as semiconductors power the modern digital age. Broadly speaking, the economic recovery continues to take shape with demand still far exceeding supply. We, like many others in our industry, will face a constrained supply environment into 2022. Despite this backdrop, our business continues to achieve record results as our investments and design win over the last few years are matched with strong demand across our end markets. So looking ahead, the combination of robust bookings, lean inventories, and ongoing capacity additions position ADI to close Fiscal '21 on a high note and continue to grow in the next year. So moving to our third-quarter results, revenue was $1.76 billion up 21% year-over-year. All markets increased sequentially with industrial and automotive once again, achieving the record. The gross margin expanded to over 71% and the Operating margin over 43%. Adjusted EPS of $1.72 increased 27% year-over-year. Despite elevated capital spending to increase our capacity, free cash flow over the trailing 12 months was $2.2 billion. This equates to a 34% free cash flow margin, maintaining our position in the top 10% of the S&P 500. Overall, I'm very pleased with our performance and our team's outstanding execution. As you know, at ADI, our ethos of innovation and deep customer engagements ensure that we stay ahead of what's possible. We invest more than a billion dollars annually in R&D focused on strengthening our core franchises and capturing market opportunities presented by sector growth records, which have accelerated the economic recovery. Now, let me share some recent highlights with you. Our industrial business is our most diverse segment across customers, products, and applications and features sticky long product lifecycles. Our largest industrial segment, instrumentation, and test, is comprised of automated test equipment, electronic test and measurement, and scientific instruments. This is truly a performance-driven market that aligns perfectly with our high-performance precision Signal Chain, Power management, and RF portfolios. Importantly, instrumentation and text are aligned with all secular growth trends from connectivity to EVs to sustainability. The growing technical complexity of these applications required more testers with more advanced performance capabilities. Today, ADI is the leader in communications tests. And we're collaborating with Keysight, for example, to advance the development of O-RAN solutions. This partnership will enable the fastest path for the design and cost-effective and power-efficient radio units. Looking ahead, we're already beginning to partner with our customers to test emerging 6G technologies. Our innovations in the instrumentation market also have a positive impact on human and planetary health. One particular area is our environmental monitoring business, where there's an increased need for highly reliable and accurate instruments to improve the standard of living globally. Our market-leading portfolio of precision converters enables 10 times greater measurement resolution of fine particulate matter, better identifying trace pollution. The next largest industrial segment is factory automation. Over the last year, many of our customers are rethinking their factory flows and supply chains to make them more resilient, cost-effective, and flexible through automation and connectivity. To achieve this, our customers will further automate their businesses with intelligent and connected factories, and increase their use of robots and cobots. Specifically, cobots require ADI's precision signal chain and power franchises sensing technologies, and robust wired and wireless connectivity. This new vector of growth increases our sum opportunity by three times that of a traditional robot. To that end, our precision motion control business is on track for a record year of design wins, including a recent win at a leading Japanese robotics Company for its next-generation robots. In addition, we are leveraging our domain knowledge and system-level expertise in a collaboration with Universal Robots to design smaller, smarter, and easier-to-use robots that help scale tasks safely and transform workforces. We're turning now to our Communications business. 5G is beginning to broaden globally, especially in North America, as carriers look to deploy newly acquired C-band spectrum and all-round continues to gain momentum also, with several of the largest European carriers setting ambitious 2025 all-round deployment targets. This includes Vodafone where our technologies are very well represented. This quarter we extended our market-leading position in 5G radio solutions with the introduction of the industry's first software-defined transceiver that includes a fully integrated digital front end. Our innovative radio architecture greatly improves power efficiency, thereby reducing radio weight, size, and carrier expenses. This high level of integration eliminates FPGAs to simplify implementation and facilitate the proliferation of these emerging O-RAN networks. Our next-generation receiver platform is already designed at a major Tier-1 global supplier that is gaining share in this 5 G and O-RAN deployments across North America as well as Europe. Stepping back, we expect our communications business to return to growth in 2022. We have strong design momentum and our geographic mix has shifted with North America, Europe, and Korea representing our largest sources of revenue. Moving now on to automotive. Over the last 2 years, we've realigned our business to focus on electrification and the in-cabin human experience. We're seeing the benefits of this strategy as we continue to scale our market leadership in battery management, power management, audio systems, and connectivity.  Starting firstly with our battery management systems or BMS, our wired and wireless portfolios provide unmatched accuracy to deliver market-leading vehicle range and can measure all key battery chemistries, including zero-Cobalt LFP. Additionally, our solutions incorporate ASLD functional safety and an ultra-low power continuous monitoring feature that ensures the battery remains stable even while parked, which is a first in the market. In addition, this quarter marked the first time we recognized revenue for our wireless BMS solution as General Motors prepares to ship its first of 30 EV models powered by the OTM battery platform. And this is just the beginning of this groundbreaking BMS technology as OEMs realized the power of wireless data in scaling their fleets. Turning to audio systems and connectivity. As complexity continues to increase, there's a very strong demand for our market-leading audio systems with signal processing. A2B connectivity, and active road noise cancellation. Our solutions offer the highest fidelity performance in the market while reducing vehicle weight, removing nearly 100 pounds per vehicle. During quarter 2 leading OEMs adopted A2B and a Top 3 European vehicle manufacturer implemented A2B as its audio connectivity standard across its entire fleet. In total, A2B is now designed in over 30 OEMs, including 18 of the top 20 global automotive Companies. Furthermore, interest in our active road noise cancellation feature continues to intensify. We're designed in at 9 OEMs, up from 5 just a year ago, including Hyundai and a leading EV manufacturer. The gadget capability can more than doubled the value of our A2B solution. These are just a few of the countless examples of the tremendous work underway at ADI.  We remain focused on delivering breakthrough innovations to stay ahead of our customer's needs. So in closing, I have never been more confident about ADI's future. Over the last decade, we've built an industry-leading portfolio with unparalleled breadth and depth of capabilities that are aligned with more profitable end markets. And our portfolio and leadership position will only get stronger with the acquisition of Maxim, enabling us to deliver strong returns in the years to come. And so with that, I'll hand you over to Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning and welcome to our third-quarter earnings call. My comment today with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. ADI delivered exceptional third-quarter results, underpinned by our ability to increase production. Revenue and EPS reached all-time highs for the second straight quarter, with continued gross and Operating margin expansion. If we look at performance by end-market, industrial represented 57% of revenue and increased 3% sequentially and 29% year-over-year. Notably, this business surpassed $1 billion of quarterly revenue for the first time. We experienced broad-based strength across applications and geographies. All subsegments increased double-digits year-over-year, except healthcare, given the elevated pandemic demand a year ago. Communications represented 16% of revenue and decreased 21% year-over-year, while up 4% sequentially with growth in both wireless and wirelines. As we outlined last quarter, we believe our communications revenue has bottomed and we'll continue to grow as 5G deployments broaden globally, especially in North America. Automotive represented 16% of revenue and increased 13% sequentially, and 80% year-over-year. Strength was broad-based with double-digit growth across every major application. BMS and A2B remain our fastest-growing applications and both are on track to nearly double in size this year. As Vince shared earlier, ADI has been strategically pivoting resources to focus more aggressively on electrification and the in-cabin human experience. As part of this strategy, we are licensing select radar IP to a large European Tier-1 auto supplier. This resulted in immediate revenue recognition of 24 million in the quarter. Consumer represented 10% of revenue and increased 16% both sequentially and year-over-year. Our strategy to diversify and grow this business in Fiscal '21 is working, as strength across home entertainment wearables, and wearables more than offset a decline in portables. And now moving to the P&L, gross margin expanded sequentially and year-over-year, finishing at 71.6% mainly due to the cost savings from the LPC manufacturing optimization and the IP license agreement. OpEx in the quarter was 493 million up modestly sequentially, due to a full quarter of mere increases and continued strong variable comp. This netted an Op margin of 43.6%, which marks the 5th straight quarter of year-over-year Op margin expansion, underscoring the strong leverage in our business. Non-op expenses were 37 million below our typical quarterly run rate of approximately 43 due to an investment gain. And our tax rate was approximately 12%, which gives us an adjusted EPS at $1.72, including $0.05 of upside attributable to the IP licensing agreement. Moving onto the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with an ending cash balance of 1.5 billion and a net leverage ratio of 1.2 times. Relative to the second quarter, inventory dollars increased by 16 million, driven entirely by raw materials and the working process. Days of inventory were unchanged at 118 and weeks of channel inventory remain well below the low-end of our seven to eight-week target, as sell-through remains stronger than sell-in. Capex for the quarter was $86 million up meaningfully sequentially, as we continue to add capacity to support our robust and growing order book, which now stretches into Fiscal '22. We will continue to increase capacity in the fourth quarter resulting in full-year capital intensity above our long-term model of 4%. In turning to free cash flow, we generated more than $2.2 billion over the trailing 12 months, up 23% from a year ago. And this represented a 34% free cash flow margin. Over this same period, we have returned nearly 85% of free cash flow after debt repayments via $970 million in dividends and over $500 million in share repurchases. And now onto the Fourth Quarter outlook: Revenue is expected to be $1.78 billion, plus or minus $70 million, up sequentially as additional capacity comes online. At the midpoint, excluding the automotive IP licensing revenue, we expect each of our B2B markets to increase sequentially, led by communications and consumers to be up to 5 single digits. Based on the midpoint of the guide, we expect to deliver a record gross margin. And for operating margins to be 43.7% plus or minus 100 bps. Our tax rate is expected to fall toward the upper end of our range. And based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.72 plus or minus $0.11. So before moving to the Q&A, I'd like to give a brief update on Maxim. Our discussions with the Chinese Regulatory Authorities have been productive, and we're working towards closing within the initial timeframe. We plan on closing no later than the 3rd business day after China approval has been granted. As we shared before, shortly after the close, we will hold a conference call to provide an update on our capital return plans. Once combined, we anticipate having nearly 4 billion of cash on our balance sheet, a leverage ratio well below one, and more than 3 billion of annual free cash flow. I'll now turn it over to Mike to start the Q&A.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Let's get to our Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to 1 question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question, please re-queue and we will take your questions if time allows. With that, to our first question, please.
Operator: If you are listening on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset when asking your question. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Once you mentioned demand far exceeds supply, I was hoping if you could help us quantify that. Are you under-shipping by 5%, 10%? How much of a demand cushion does ADI have right now?  And kind of Part B of that is how much incremental capacity are you planning to bring online in the next year and is that kind of a proxy for what kind of sales growth we should be looking at? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Vivek. So demand continues to grow across our markets. All end markets are up and our book-to-bill was above 1.2. Supply is also expanding. We grew 4% sequentially in the third quarter, and we're at the midpoint, we're going to be up another 3% for the fourth quarter. So you look at that math and it says the supply-demand gap is growing or said another way, the backlog is increasing quarter-over-quarter and it now extends well into 2022. Our view is this gap is likely to persist into calendar year '22 given the long lead time it takes to add supply in the industry plus just the broad strength of the demand.
Vince Roche: Yeah, I think the second part of that question, Vivek, just a little bit of color. So, we're leering an investment in CapEx to support our growth objectives, particularly on the backend of our operation, assembly, and test. And we need this capital now to meet the demand, but also in the longer term, we're very, very optimistic about the tailwinds right across our business, from automation to electrification, connectivity, and so on and so forth. The outlook we've just given you supplies feasible and it is certainly the governor, I would say, right now on revenue for the Company.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Vivek. We go to the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Tore Svanberg of Stifel.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you. I was hoping you could just elaborate a little bit more on the Maxim merger. You said that you'd still expect it to happen within the timeframe you had announced. I believe you had said the summer of 2021, correct me if that was wrong. And related to that is, again, China the only remaining obstacle before you can close the deal?
Vince Roche: Thanks, Tore. So look our confidence in the closing remains unchanged. And as we said in the prepared comments, our discussions with the Chinese Regulatory Authorities have been positive and productive. And we are working towards closing within the initial timeframe. So China is the only outstanding regulatory approval need at this point in time. And I will remind you as well that all of the other regulatory bodies across the globe have approved our deal without condition, without remedies.
Tore Svanberg: Great. Thank you for that, Vince.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Tore. Go to the next questions.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question, Vince, I wanted to pick up on your prepared comments about your industrial business. You're now going in the third consecutive quarter of sort of record revenue s in that business. You have to go back to April of '18 before -- which was the last peak. But -- but the other date -- but fiscal year to date, that business is up about 30% year-over-year, and for a lot of investors, they're concerned that perhaps that represents more cyclical excess than structural sustainability. And so I'm kind of curious as you break apart your industrial business. What do you think is being driven by the " cycle versus stuff that's a little bit more sustainable? "
Vince Roche: Yes. Thanks, John (ph). First and foremost, I'd like to remind everybody that ADI's industrial business is built on a foundation of many individual market segments like automation, instrumentation that I talked about, healthcare, our space business, and energy, as it moves to renewables and charging infrastructure, for example, the whole need for grid efficiency and stabilization. So that's the foundation. It's a highly diverse business. We've got many tens of thousands of customers. And, you know, the lifecycles in the business are 15 years plus. And it's a very, very, very sticky socket that we've got. So, those of you who followed ADI for a long time, remember about a decade ago, we fairly dramatically increased our focus in terms of R&D, go-to-market activities, in ensuring that we could really grow that business. And the last years have shown that we've been getting market share across the board there. So I think there were a lot of programs that were stalled last year, so there's a certain amount of catch-up there. But I do think that the breadth of the portfolio that we know has the investments we've been making in terms of customer engagement, R&D activities, and the secular trends that we've got all these concurrent secular drivers are propelling that business beyond the market.
Mike Lucarelli: I'll add one thing, John. You're right. As you've seen in our prepared comments, all the markets did increase double-digits year-over-year. Of our 6 applications that Vince outlined, 2 are still below pre-peak levels. We do think Fiscal '21 marks a record for all of them and we don't see why they won't hit another record in '22 given the strong trends that Vince outlined. And with that, we'll go to our next question.
Operator: Your next question is from Stacy Rasgon of Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a question about the pricing environment. Given just the tight supply and the shortage situation, we're starting to see some hints of some of your peers starting to take prices up. And I was curious what you guys are seeing in the pricing environment. Are you seeing that? Are you able to actually do that? Are you trading your own pricing environment down more conservatively?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks for the question, Stacy. So I would say that for the results that we printed, pricing is net-neutral. We're passing on cost increase so that we're not impacting margins, but we've made a decision not to take advantage of our customers by structurally increasing pricing in this environment. Our long-term model is unchanged and that is 70% plus. So the goal really is to drive the revenue growth and make the trade-offs that are necessary to drive that revenue growth. Focusing on delivering on the top margin and the free cash flow. So you'll see, if you back out the IP license impact, we had a 71.2% gross margin in the third quarter. And while we don't guide to gross margins, if you impute it from the guide that we gave you, the fourth quarter is going to probably be a record for ADI in terms of gross margins.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: Thank Stacy. Next question.
Operator: Your next question is from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the comms business. Vince, you talked about 2022 being a growth year, and you talked about North America, Europe, and Korea being the key drivers for you guys going forward. How should we think about the shape of the recovery going forward? Is it going to be a fairly gradual recovery? Could it be sort of a V-shaped recovery over the next couple of quarters? And when you talk about the return to growth in '22, what's sort of implicit assumption are you making for China? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. Thanks. We're going to split that into 2. Let me just quickly talk about what happened and then I'll let Vince speak too more broadly. In the second quarter, as a reminder, we did call the bottom on comms and said that we would grow on a sequential basis. We delivered that in the third quarter and we are on track to deliver that for the fourth quarter. So we believe we're really well-positioned for strong growth into Fiscal '22. And between the two sub-segments there, wire demand remains strong and we expect that to continue as both carriers and data centers continue to do the upgrades to their networks. And wireless, it's always lumpy, growth in the past quarter was really driven by the rest of the world. North America. We do think China bottomed in the third quarter. So that should also represent some growth momentum for us as we go forward. And then I'll hand off to Vince to kind of speak more broadly about what we're seeing.
Vince Roche: Yes, Toshiya, why do I have the confidence I have about 2022 being a strong growth year? So maybe I can unpack that a bit for you. So I think our comms' revenue mix is seeing a benefit from the rest of the world beginning to emerge in 5G. So today, the rest of the world outside of China is 3x in terms of the term. So that's number 1. If you look at then the geographies of North America, the auction to C-band auction's complete. Revenue's really just beginning here. And all the indications are that 5G revenue here will accelerate in 2022 and indeed beyond. Europe, it's -- I would say, a step behind, but we're beginning to see good signs of life in that region but I think it'll be a more elite 2022 driver. We've talked several times in various calls here about O-RAN, what's happening, but we're beginning to see revenue. We've talked before about Rakuten in Japan, that business continues to accelerate. And European carriers are looking right in to make it also an important part of their 5G offering. I mentioned during the prepared remarks as well that Vodafone is a major player there and we happen to be very well represented in their systems. And I'm also having conversations with customers about the use of 5G and O-RAN beyond the classical consumer market. So it's early days, but the characteristics of flexibility, scalability, quicker time-to-market, cost savings, and so on, are enabling private Networks to be configured in factory environments, for example. So that's all still on the comm, but that gives you a sense of our confidence in 2022 and beyond.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Toshiya.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you. We'll go to the next question.
Operator: Your next question is from Ambrish Srivastava of BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hey, thank you. Good morning, folks. I have a question about Maxim. And so my investment case for ADI has not been Maxim and you have a very sticky shareholder base who have been with you before Maxim, but I get this question a lot, so I think it's a fair question to ask. If Maxim was not to go through, what do you think about capital allocation? Do you then go back to the playbook and say you would be changing how you think about capital allocation or you would continue on the M&A path and look at other opportunities? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So, in response to this, let me just remind everyone what the capital allocation policy is today because I think that we have a very shareholder-friendly capital allocation policy. This is, that first call is really to invest in the business and that, although not a traditional definition, we do consider that organically kind of how we spend our R&D, and that is heavily pointed towards the B2B markets. And then we think about inorganic really more as it helps the technology portfolio or finds other ways to help us become more important to customers. But our commitment is to return 100% of free cash flow to customers. So, we are at 1.2 level leverage today. We do not need to reduce debt. So on a -- in an environment, despite the confidence that we have in the Maxim deal closing in an environment where that was not to have happened, would not look for us to really be changing that view of having all our incremental free cash flow go return to shareholders either through buybacks or through dividend. And as a reminder, I think over the past 3 years, we've averaged about a 10% increase in our dividend. So a very healthy commitment for our fixed income-focused investors as well as the repo. I think we're on track this year for an all-time high in terms of our repo activity. Back to the M&A, I'm going to hand that one to Vince to talk more about the alternatives there.
Vince Roche: Yes. So as you know, you've seen over the years, we've always acquired very, very high-quality assets, and that will remain to be our view on things in the years ahead as well.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks. Ambrish. Next caller.
Operator: Your next question is from Blayne Curtis of Barclays.
Blayne Curtis: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just curious if you looked at the B2B guidance, it's fairly flat, as I think industrial probably is flat given the slug segment guidance you gave. I'm just kind of curious as you look at this. Obviously, you had strong comments on the bookings. Is that gap really supply or are you starting to see demand tends to start to settle out at this level?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: That is purely clearly supplied. I think I mentioned in maybe the first or second question that book-to-bill for the quarter was over 1.2 and that's across all markets. So we are seeing very strong interest in products across all markets. Mike indicated in one of the other Q&A that they were likely to have the industrial markets hit an all-time high collectively for a calendar for Fiscal year '21 and expect that to continue to be on track to another record in FY '22. So very much a supply-constrained environment.
Blayne Curtis: Thanks and I just want to follow up on the gross margin, Prashanth. So you indicated the gross margin would be up and I think that's with the license impact as well. So you saw a benefit from the linear. I was curious how much more there is of that as a benefit. And then maybe just talk about utilizations and another pulling gross margin as you look over the next couple of quarters.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So I presume you're asking with respect to the guidance. So in the fourth quarter, and we're not guiding gross margins, but we're pretty confident we are going to hit a new record for gross margins that are coming from the LTC synergies, I think we hit the final phase of closing down the manufacturing operation in California. We still have an opportunity as soon as the supply environment allows us to get some additional savings out of Asia because we haven't closed that facility up because we have no time to shift the tools to their new location. Utilization is also going to provide some level of increase. I would say the mix is a bit of a headwind into the Fourth Quarter. And Fourth Quarters typically have some level of challenges in terms of a holiday shutdown. So, we need to manage through that, which can provide a little bit of headwind for us as well that we got to work ourselves around.
Vince Roche: You know, the foundation for our gross margins being where they are, It's the number 1 innovation. We produced the best performing solutions between the physical and digital worlds and we got a premium. We got very, very well paid for doing that. Also, the diversity of our products and customer portfolios, 125,000 customers with I think I've said this before, 85% of our sales come from products that individually contributed less than 0.1%. And the pricing environment, as we said earlier on the call, has been very, very stable, very steady.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Blayne, for that two-part, one-part question. We'll go to the next caller, please.
Operator: Your next question is from Harlan Sur of JPMorgan.
Harlan Sur: Good morning and congratulations on the strong results in quarterly execution. Channel inventories continue to remain below your target 7 to the 8-week range. You guys can also monitor direct customer inventories at least for those that are on consignment programs. Any signs that customers have been able to build inventories? I mean, it seems unlikely because the entire value chain appears to be sort of hand-to-mouth from a chip supply perspective, but I wanted to get your views. And when do you believe customers will be in a position to start to build that inventory? I'm assuming the soonest is sometime in calendar '22, but I wanted to get your views as well.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thank you, Harlan Sur. I'll take that. So first, a couple of comments on inventory. Inventory on our balance sheet is up year-over-year and sequentially, but that is exclusively due to raw materials and width. We can't keep a finished good in stock. So when it's produced, it either goes to the customer or it goes into the channel, and then it goes out of the channel immediately. So we are struggling to build finished goods inventory both in ADI warehouses as well as in our channel partners. Roughly, let's say a significant amount of our auto business is on consignment which gives us good visibility for that direct business as to what's happening there. And that is also we are seeing that demand pull through pretty quickly and no opportunity for those auto customers to build the inventory within their warehouses, but that's on our books.  So it's still very much hand-to-mouth and the focus that we have as we've talked throughout this call and in the prepared remarks is on increasing our capacity or ability to supply by making some significant investments in capacity. I don't see this balance coming into some sense of normalcy until sometime in calendar year '22.
Harlan Sur: Okay, thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: All right. We'll have our last question, please.
Operator: Your next question is from William Stein of Trust Securities
William Stein: Great, thanks for taking my question. You just talked about inventory not coming to some level of ability to rebuild anything until sometime in '22, you talked about the supply debate about lasting. We're well into '22, which put you up to the bill, etc. When we look out to the next quarter, the January quarter, typically, that's a sequentially down quarter in automotive, industrial, consumer, and for the whole business as well. But given these supply constraints of this very significant backlog, should we think about that seasonality as different in the coming year? Should we expect maybe some visibility to sequential growth for the next several quarters? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah, I think the way to answer that would be to say that seasonality in today's environment is a bit of a meaningless concept because revenue growth is really dictated completely by supply. So the print for Q1 is likely to be driven by what more capacity we can get online over the fourth quarter to allow us. Again now we've got a couple of things we need to work through in the first quarter that would be a little bit of an offset. And first, there's the holiday season. So we do need to adjust factory capacity for that. And fourth quarter is the key quarter for the consumer; that's when they build for the holiday season. So there's always going to be a little bit of seasonality impact for the consumer just because they don't need it in our fiscal first quarter as that is the holiday period. So maybe that's where I will finish. Mike, anything you want to add to that?
Mike Lucarelli: Yeah, sure. I guess if you look back, you're right. We talk about seasonality not being as meaningful now, but just give you a bit of a history lesson. If you look past over the past 10 years, you're right, our B2B markets, I would say in good times, which I would call now good times, it's usually flatted down slightly in 1Q and consumer, I will say in good and even normal times it down 5% or maybe more in 1Q. And with that, I want to thank everyone for joining the call this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website. And all reconciliations and additional information can also be found in the Quarterly Results section. Thanks again for joining and your continued interest in ADI.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-05-19 11:40:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the Web. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Mike Lucarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Mike Lucarelli: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter fiscal 2021 call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. Now onto the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as further described in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q and other periodic reports and materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vince Roche: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to you all. So I'm very pleased to share with you that we delivered record revenue and earnings in the second quarter, exceeding the high end of our outlook.  This strength was driven by our disciplined operational execution and our ability to capture the value presented as our solutions become more vital in the modern digital economy. The supply and demand dynamics in our industry have been well publicized. Broadly speaking, the economic recovery has materialized faster and stronger than initially anticipated, placing unprecedented stress on supply chains globally. Late last year, ADI moved with speed and agility, proactively making capital investments to add capacity, positioning us to navigate this disruption and better serve our customers. That said, we, like many others in the industry, will face a supply constrained environment through the balance of 2021. Despite this backdrop, we're positioned for a strong second half as our continued capital investments are aligned with robust demand. Moving to a summary of our results. Revenue was $1.66 billion, increasing 26% year-over-year. The strength was broad based, highlighted by record quarters for our industrial and automotive markets. Gross margin expanded to nearly 71% and operating margin to approximately 42%. Adjusted EPS of $1.54 increased 43% year-over-year.  Over the trailing 12 months, we generated $2.2 billion of free cash flow. This equates to a record 36% free cash flow margin, maintaining our position in the top 10% of the S&P 500. So overall, I'm very proud how the ADI team executed this quarter to deliver these impressive results.  At ADI, innovation is the root of how we generate value. And to maintain our virtuous cycle of innovation driven success, we invest more than $1 billion in R&D annually. This commitment coupled with the diversity of our business across customers, products and applications, positions us to deliver long-term profitable growth.  Now let me share a few customer highlights with you. ADI solutions are embedded across the electrification ecosystem from developing and managing the vehicle battery to the distribution and storage across the digital grid. With the rapid shift to EVs, we're seeing new and increasing investments in battery manufacturing capacity.  This quarter, we secured a design win with the supplier of one of the world's top battery producers. Our innovative solution reduces system cost by half by integrating all measurement, control and diagnostics functions.  And our portfolio of wired and wireless BMS provides unmatched accuracy to deliver market leading vehicle range as we grow and diversify our BMS business. This quarter, we added Volvo as well as three additional large auto manufacturers, including a prominent luxury brand in Europe and two leading brands in Asia.  Moving on to energy infrastructure. Here, energy storage systems are required to make renewable energy a reality and to build the charging infrastructure to support EV proliferation. Our precision Signal Chain Power management and BMS portfolios delivered the level of accuracy necessary to ensure a consistent supply across the digital grid.  We have design wins of more than 80% of the top customers, from traditional energy and industrial companies to new entrants. Another area of increasing importance for ADIs connectivity, which of course is becoming more pervasive across demographics and industries, presenting new opportunities for us. For example, in our communications business, we announced the complete radio platform for the 5G O-RAN ecosystem. This radio platform builds on our market leading integrated transceiver position by expanding into the digital frontend.  Our full system solution enables significant size and performance improvements, while reducing customers design cycles. O-RAN represents a new vector of growth in the communications market by enabling new entrance and applications, such as private networks that support connected factories. In addition to the partnerships with Intel and Marvell, we are working with key carriers and system integrators to enable this ecosystem.  In our space business, our beamforming solution will be used in Telesat Lightspeed LEO satellite constellation scheduled to launch in late 2023. This win speaks to the breadth and depth of our RF portfolio and domain expertise at ADI, which is supporting the adoption broadly of LEO communication satellites.  Additionally, we continue to have strong design momentum across our diversified industrial market, the largest, stickiest and most profitable business at ADI. Over the years, we've established a heritage of providing the most precise and efficient solutions required by our factory automation customers.  I believe we're at a tipping point in Industrial 4.0 as customers are looking to add sensing, edge processing, and connectivity to make supply chains more robust, more efficient and flexible. We recently won an ultra-high frequency wireless solution at a key automation company. Our solution is being used in advanced robotic systems to reduce downtime and costs.  On the wired side, customers are beginning to upgrade to deterministic Ethernet to ensure machines are constantly connected and monitored. This quarter, we secured numerous design wins for a robust Ethernet solution, including two of the largest European industrial machine manufacturers.  We recently hosted a deep dive on our instrumentation and test business. This is truly a performance-driven market that requires ADIs most advanced technology and solutions, making it a great fit for our high-performance precision Signal Chain Power and RF portfolios.  Our broad diverse instrumentation business comprised of automated test equipment, electronic test and measurement and scientific instruments is aligned with all secular growth trends across our industry.  The increasing complexity of these applications is driving the need for solutions with more advanced technology capabilities. As a result, we expect our SEM to increase by over 20% in the next five years. Now these examples represent only a fraction of the incredible work across ADI.  Our team is partnering with our customers everyday to develop increasingly innovative technologies that not only create successful business outcomes, but also enrich people's lives and leave a greater impact on our world.  To that end, I wanted to share an exciting update on how we're leveraging innovation to advance our mission of Engineering Good. In April, we launched an innovation accelerator with the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.  As part of this program, we'll be combining ADIs engineers and technologies with WHOIs science and technology platforms to continuously monitor critical oceanographic conditions. This effort supports our overall climate agenda, which includes our commitments to achieving carbon neutrality by 2030 and net zero emissions by 2050.  We also published our 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report last week, which provides additional information on how our technologies will continue to play a major role in improving our standard of living, while protecting our planetary health. So in closing, the last year has underscored how semiconductors as the bedrock of the modern digital economy and information age are increasingly important to accelerating digitalization across all industries. We're encouraged by our results this quarter, and the momentum in our pipeline sets the stage for continued profitable growth in the years ahead.  So with that, I'll hand you over to Prashanth who will take you through the financial details.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, and let me add my welcome to our second quarter earnings call. My comments today with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release.  ADI delivered a record second quarter as revenue, operating margin and EPS finished above the high end of our outlook. As I mentioned last quarter, upside to our second quarter outlook would be predicated on our ability to increase production. And thanks to early strategic investments in capacity, as well as strong execution by our manufacturing operations team, we did just that.  Now let's look at performance by end market. Industrial represented 59% of revenue and increased 14% sequentially, and 36% year-over-year. This quarter marks the second consecutive all-time high for industrial. We saw strength across all applications and geographies, with all sub-segments growing double digits sequentially and year-over-year.  Communications represented 17% of revenue, fell slightly sequentially and was flat year-over-year. Wireline increased double digits year-over-year, which balanced softness in wireless. As we outlined in the last call, 5G builds have been muted year-to-date. However, we anticipate momentum to pick up as 5G deployments broadened globally in the second half of this year, especially in North America, now that the C-band auction is complete. Automotive represented 16% of revenue and increased 5% sequentially, and 42% year-over-year. Again, we saw double digit growth across every major application as industry production has picked up notably from a year ago. BMS grew the fastest, more than doubling year-over-year.  And lastly, consumer decreased 12% sequentially in the seasonally weaker second quarter and represented 9% of revenue. Importantly, consumer grew 8% year-over-year, positioning us to deliver growth in fiscal '21.  Now covering the rest of the P&L, gross margin finished just under 71%, up 90 basis points sequentially and 320 basis points year-over-year on higher utilization and better product mix. We expect additional gross margin expansion in the second half as we realize savings from the consolidation of our manufacturing operations.  OpEx in the quarter was 484 million, up sequentially and year-over-year. Merit increases went into effect during the second quarter and we also recorded higher variable comp due to the strong results.  This netted operating margin of 41.7%, non-op expenses were 44 million, down nearly 10% from the prior year driven by lower interest expense. Our tax rate was approximately 12%. And all-in, adjusted EPS of $1.54 exceeded the high end of our outlook and marks an all-time high.  Now moving on to the balance sheet. Relative to the first quarter, inventory dollars increased 23 million to a record 641 million. This increase was driven entirely by raw material and work-in process, as we wrap utilization to better meet the strong customer demand. Days of inventory were relatively unchanged at 118.  Weeks of channel inventory finished lower sequentially once again. And due to the strong sell-through at our distys, we anticipate remaining below our seven to eight-week target through the end of the year.  CapEx for the quarter was 59 million, bringing our year-to-date total to 127 million or more than double compared to the second half of 2020. We expect to continue to increase capital investment and for CapEx to trend above our long-term model of 4% this year. Turning to cash flow, we generated 2.2 billion over the trailing 12 months, which equates to a record 36% free cash flow margin. And over the same period, we returned approximately 75% of free cash flow after debt repayments via dividends and repos. This is below our long-term target as we paused our buyback program, given the pandemic uncertainty and the pending Maxim deal. We ended the second quarter with 1.3 billion of cash and equivalents on our balance sheet and our net leverage is now 1.3 on a trailing 12. Were comfortable with the leverage and do not plan to reduce debt. As such, we remain committed to return 100% of free cash flow to shareholders.  So let me finish up with our third quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be 1.7 billion plus or minus 70 million, up sequentially as additional capacity comes online. This is in line with seasonality after a very strong Q2. At the midpoint, we expect each of our B2B markets to increase slightly sequentially, and consumer to be up low double digits.  Based on the midpoint of guide, op margin is expected to be 42.5 plus or minus 100 bps. And our tax rate is expected to fall between 11% and 13%. Based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.61 plus or minus $0.11.  So in summary, ADI delivered a very strong quarter highlighted by record revenue, earnings and free cash flow conversion. Importantly, bookings and backlog remain very strong and we're continuing to invest to increase production for the balance of the year, giving us great confidence that our second half will be stronger than our first.  We've also made meaningful progress towards closing the Maxim acquisition. Shortly after the deal closes, we are going to hold a conference call to provide an update regarding our capital return plans. As a reminder, once combined, we anticipate having more than $3 billion of cash and a leverage ratio well below 1.  Let me now pass it back to Mike for the Q&A.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Let's go to the Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question, please requeue and we'll take questions if time allows.  With that, Cheryl, can we have our first question please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good morning, guys. Congratulations on the solid results. Vince, Prashanth, 90 days ago when you sort of guided for the April quarter, the key gating factor was your ability to grow supply. I'm curious, as you look at the July quarter, are you still in a supply constrained environment? And I guess more importantly, given the internal CapEx youre spending and your work with your foundry partners, how do we think about your ability to grow supply beyond sort of the July quarter guidance?
Vince Roche: Yes. So, John, thanks for the question. Yes, we are constrained. We've got a very, very positive book to build. But what we have forecast for the July quarter factors in all the elements of supply across silicon supply, both internally, externally as well as all the backend operations, assembly and test. So we feel very confident in that number. But beyond that, there is opportunity to ship more. There is more demand out there. But at least in the July quarter, we feel very comfortable with what we have forecast.
John Pitzer: And how do we think about supply growth beyond July? Is July a good proxy to what you should be able to do sequentially for the next couple of quarters, or are you getting a particularly strong uplift in July and things moderate going forward?
Vince Roche: Well, I think -- ultimately, everything will depend on demand. We're increasing our capacity. We're getting more wafer supply in general. And we are, as Prashanth said in his remarks, we've been investing in capital equipment inside the company to expand our backend operations. So you'll see sequential improvements in ADIs output over the coming months. So as Prashanth said, the second half of the year, given our confidence in supply, we will have a better second half than first half.
John Pitzer: Thats helpful. Thanks.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, John. Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you and congratulations on the record results. Prashanth, you talked about just the inventory being sort of way below the seven to eight-week target. Could you tell us where exactly the numbers are right now? And also, do you expect to get back to seven to eight at some point or is this kind of like a new norm now where disty in the channel is going to be sort of running below at what it has historically?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks, Tore. Inventory is very lean. We entered the quarter below seven weeks and it decreased again in the quarter. So we would like to build inventory backup. It's unlikely that that's going to happen. Whatever they get their hands on sells through immediately. So until the supply gets improved over the coming quarters, I don't think you'll see us return to normal inventory levels in the channel. But I would say that we do maintain the view that sort of that seven to eight weeks is the right balance for us to have in the channel.
Tore Svanberg: Great. Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Tore.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Vince or Prashanth, I was hoping you could quantify lead times and book to build in various end markets to the extent possible, where are lead times stretched the most? And importantly, what are you doing to prevent double ordering? Are you implementing any firm price, non-cancelable programs like some of your peers are? Any perspective on how do we quantify the state of supply/demand imbalance and how do we get some assurance that this will be resolved I guess peacefully is one word that comes to mind, I think that will be very helpful? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vivek. Maybe just to start with some comments on where demand is coming from. So we're experiencing significant growth in demand and it's very broad based in all of our markets. And when you rewind and think how we got here, our customers entered the pandemic with pretty lean inventories. Then we had this synchronized government stimulus, both fiscal and monetary. We had very strong growth during the pandemic of consumer electronics with the high use of cloud compute connectivity. We're coming out of the pandemic now with GDP driving industrial, and that's driving companies to rethink both where they manufacture and upgrading the style by which they manufacture. So on the supply side, we've been planning for additional capacity, as Vince mentioned, since late summer of 2020. And as we add capacity, our revenue forecast is increasing. And that's really what helped us deliver a better Q2 guide up for Q3 and feel good about Q4. So I think supply will eventually match demand, but I don't see demand really going away. So this feels -- given the secular drivers behind it, it feels that this is going to be with us for a while. Book to build for the past quarter was above 1, and it was the same for all end markets. So it's, again, very broad based. And I think it's really just a reflection of the incredible role that ADIs products play across the manufacturing ecosystem.
Vivek Arya: And any pricing programs that you might have put in place like your peers?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I guess a few comments to make there. We are efficiently managing our orders. We're working with our customers, both large and small, across all markets to understand the demand timing and to allocate the supply based on demand. Remember that while we report on a POA basis, we actually run the business on POS. So we look through distribution to understand what's happening at customer. We've also put in a non-cancelable, non-returnable for up to 90 days to help give us better visibility into the backlog and that helps customers sort of manage what they can expect to get from us. So at this point, I would say the focus really has been on communication. And that's the feedback I think Vince has heard from customers as well is that what's important to them is communicating what they're going to get and when they're going to get it, so they can plan their respective downstream production requirements.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Vivek. Well go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Thank you very much, Prashanth and Vince. I wanted to just unpack the gross margin comments that you made, Prashanth. You are at the model 70% plus and when you talk about gross margin incrementally getting better, what's the right way to think about it? You had referred to the cost savings that you'll be getting from factory consolidation. Is there an impact from pricing? And then kind of -- and related to that, how are you managing the input cost, which seem to be going up across the board versus pricing? And is that also playing a factor in the gross margin? And sorry, related to that is would you be building inventory as you go through the second half? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Ambrish. Do you have a few more add-ons to that? So let's start with -- let's do a quick one on, on pricing. So net impact of pricing changes are immaterial to gross margin. So we're managing our cost increases to net those out from a price standpoint. The gross margin lift that you're seeing really is the productivity that we're driving. So I did say in the first quarter earnings call that that would be the bottom of gross margins for the year and we would expect sequential improvement. You're seeing that in the Q2 results printed. You see that in the guide that we've given for Q3. That is coming from the manufacturing consolidation of the linear factory closure, which we have talked about, and also some step-up in utilization. So that's kind of a tactical way to think about how gross margins with evolved over the balance of this year. Our model remains 70%. And I don't know, Vince, if you want to give some guide on how we think about gross margins long term?
Vince Roche: Yes. Look, the root of our value creation really is innovation. We're spending over $1 billion a year. And we like to have the highest performing products out there that we got well paid for. And I think also the diversity of our product application and customer domains helps us protect margins, as we've seen through the pandemic here. So 85% -- we've got 125,000 customers and 85% of our sales comes from products that individually contribute less than 0.1% of our revenue, or even less. So that's the model of the company. So there's a lot of resilience -- a lot of optionality and resilience built into it.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Ambrish.
Ambrish Srivastava: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. Just kind of curious on the industrial segment. I think last quarter you talked about two of six segments being at peak. You talked about all being up in the April quarter. So just any color by segment there and if any more of them are at record revenue, that would be helpful? Thanks.
Vince Roche: Yes. Well, we've seen -- this is a very, very highly diversified business. We saw broad growth across all the individual sectors. In fact, all applications grew double digits year- over-year and sequentially. And I believe there's a lot more upside to come, because we're in a multiyear growth cycle driven by secular trends, Industry 4.0, et cetera. I would say the -- we've seen really strong acceleration in the automation sector. And I think that's driven by such things as the need for onshoring, more flexibility and more robust and connected supply chains. If I just pick healthcare, it has already been a multiyear growth market for ADI. And the pandemic kind of underscored the importance of information technology in managing our healthcare systems. So we've seen an acceleration in our digital healthcare business, as we begin to migrate the hospital environment to the clinic and the home with point of care solutions or healthcare anywhere mentality. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks as well, the energy sector with the move through renewables and this charging infrastructure that's being laid in to support these electric vehicles, those are some of the areas that we're seeing strongest growth within the industrial area. But I think automation underpins it. Also, I would say, I've been very pleased with the results that we're getting in the very broad bench, scientific and test equipment, analytics equipment, and so on. So it's been very, very broad.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Blayne, just to touch on your last point about the record applications. You're right. I think last quarter, two or three had records. We increased that. Four of our six applications are at record. So I think I echo what Vince said is that we're early stages of this cycle. And yes, at some point, we expect all of our applications to be at record probably next year or so. And with that, can we go to our next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. Vince, I had a multipart question on your BMS business. You guys talked about revenue more than doubling in the quarter. I was hoping you could speak to kind of the breadth of your customer profile there on the quarter on a year-over-year basis. And I guess more importantly, based on some of the comments that you've made on past calls and also this call as it relates to your design win pipeline, should we expect some of these wireless BMS projects to ramp in fiscal '22 or is it more fiscal '23 and beyond? And lastly, as it pertains to the combination with Maxim, how should we think about how your position in BMS evolves over time post the combination? Thank you.
Vince Roche: Yes. Thanks, Toshi. Well, first off, we're the market share leader in the electric vehicle battery management systems. And as you know, we have really two portfolios. We have the existing, we like to call it the wired portfolio, the more traditional way of moving data from the battery system and we've introduced a wireless version, a robust cognitive radio-based wireless system. So I think the next 12 months will be driven by the traditional wired battery technology. And after that in late '22 into 2023, well begin to see the upsurge of the wireless battery technology that will complement the wired. So what I believe will happen is, today, what have we got? 2 million, 3 million cars per year being produced -- electric vehicles being produced. That's going to move to we believe somewhere 10x at least over the next seven, eight years. So this is a multiyear cycle. Where our BMS chips today are being used in over half of the top 10 selling EV cars globally, and we're getting share in each of those areas. Today, our best position is in North America and China. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're beginning to make real tracks in Europe as well as Japan and Korea. So, ultimately, if a manufacturer wants the most miles per charge, they're going to turn to ADI. So that's what we're working on.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Toshiya. Well go to our next question please. Cheryl, we'll take our next question. Cheryl?
Vince Roche: Cheryl, can you hear us?
Operator: Please go ahead Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank, your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Hi, guys. Can you hear me?
Vince Roche: Yes, we can, Ross.
Ross Seymore: Okay, great. Glad Cheryl came back. Just had a couple of questions on your communications business. I guess in the tactical sense, it looked like it was better than you expected in the quarter, the April quarter. Was that specific to the wired or wireless side, or was it just the supply coming on? And then more importantly, looking forward, can you give a little bit more color on what your expectations are for the wireless side? Obviously, we had some difficult comps with what happened with Huawei year-over-year, but how do we think about that returning to year-over-year growth, given the second half commentary that you talked about with some ramps in North America and beyond?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks. So I said in the prepared remarks that the communications business for the second quarter was really driven by very strong growth in the wired. I think it was up double digits. Wireless remains lumpy. But we feel pretty good that comms has bottomed in the second quarter and we're going to see growth in the second half, and I'll let Vince jump in with some of the customer conversations he's been having. But with the completion of the C-band auction, we feel very good that you're now going to see the build out of 5G for which we are the largest participant certainly with the transceiver product for both the U.S. and starting to see that in Europe as well.
Vince Roche: Yes. So Ross, what I want to mention is that at this point in time the rest of world is 3x larger than China for ADI. I think that's very, very important to remember. And we're certainly seeing 5G momentum pick up on a global basis. North America, we've recently -- obviously, the C-band auction is complete. And we're beginning to see orders today that we expect will accelerate during 2022 and beyond. Even Europe, where there's been real lethargy in upgrading their communication systems in general over the last several years, we're beginning to see signs of life in the deployment of 5G. India is also -- India has a significant government funded program to make 5G a reality there. Were beginning to participate in trials. And last but not least is O-RAN. We already have revenue as a company with Rakuten, the online shopping company in Japan and we're very well positioned given our ecosystem position there to unlock potential in what is a brand new stream of revenue, particularly I think as it gets deployed into private networks for machines.
Ross Seymore: Great. Prashanth, just one quick clarification. Double digits in the wired, was that a year-over-year or a sequential comment? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: That was a year-over-year.
Ross Seymore: Thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I actually wanted to follow up on that comm question. So if I go back to last quarter, you'd kind of talked the comm trajectory down a bit and it was a China statement. So I just want to clarify. Is that -- it doesn't sound like that's changed. It does sound like the uptick you're seeing right now is outside of China, U.S., Europe, India. I guess is that correct? I guess why didn't you see that uptick 90 days ago -- expectations for that uptick 90 days ago versus today? And then what are your broad thoughts on 5G rollout in China going forward from here? How does the rest of that play out given all the dynamics that are happening there?
Vince Roche: Yes. So I think first and foremost, China's opportunistic for ADI at this point. We will sell I think lots of components, and therefore it is more opportunistic. Prashanth, you can talk about the specifics.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. I think, Stacy, we have always said that we expected 5G deployments in North America to come next and be followed by Europe. When we gave you the commentary for the -- leaning into the second quarter, we were focused on the pause in China. But we have seen now that the auctions are complete, and particularly Verizon being much more public about what they intend to do in the 5G space, as Vince mentioned, orders are starting to come in for that. So the trajectory for communications or for wireless specifically is going to be up in the second half.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Stacy.
Stacy Rasgon: Thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: Can we go to our last question please?
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from William Stein from Truist Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
William Stein: Great. Thanks so much for squeezing me in. Guys, I'd like to ask about the cost function. We have two potential looming problems. I think one is inflation broadly, not just materials, potentially labor as well. And then on the OpEx side, the return to work face-to-face sort of operations suggest maybe we start spending on travel and things like that. And I wonder if you can comment as to how we might sensitize our models to these factors? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So let me take the inflation piece first. So I think it was Ambrish who asked a question and we are seeing cost increases from our supply base, but we feel that we're guiding margins on a net basis are going to be neutral for that, because we are where we can pushing that price through. So I'm not as concerned about the inflation side. We have been very mindful of the labor side. And I would say that the data we're seeing is that it's taking us about a week longer than normal to fill jobs at the factory level. So our U.S. factories are facing a little bit longer time to fill jobs, but it's not anywhere as dramatic as what we're hearing in the media in terms of filling these high paying manufacturing jobs. And then for return to office, that is something we spend a lot of time on. There is no doubt that there will be some return to travel. I think that's going to be universal across all companies. But more specifically to how ADI is thinking about return to office, maybe I'll let Vince talk about how we're thinking about that.
Vince Roche: Yes. So we've instituted a three-day per week policy to start with here at ADI for those who have been working remotely, and we will see where things go from there. But my sense is on the OpEx side of things, we will probably not get back to per capita travel spend, entertainment spend and so on and so forth. The other thing I'll remind you, Will, is that we work relentlessly at the company on taking costs out of the business. So we work hard on cost of goods, we work hard on making the business efficient below the cost of goods line as well. So inflation is nothing new. We'll see how it moves over the next -- if we see an acceleration in inflation, then we'll figure out what actions to take.
William Stein: So we shouldn't be modeling some step-up cost function in OpEx related to travel and such activities? I know there's some increase you've already guided to for I think bonuses and such, but for travel no?
Vince Roche: Well, I think that's true. And when you look at the expenses today, our OpEx is laden with some very rich bonus payouts, because the business in terms of growth and profitability is doing very, very well. But we will -- over time, I expect that the growth will moderate and the bonuses will also moderate.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Will, maybe I can wrap up by saying we're expecting second half revenue to be strong. We indicated that second half gross margins are going to continue to increase, which is going to give you incredible leverage and therefore there is no reason you won't see a meaningful lift in op margins as each quarter rolls out. And all of that is going to translate into more cash flow, which we'll have available to deploy since we're not doing any further debt reduction, that's coming back to shareholders.
William Stein: Great. Thanks so much.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Will, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our Web site. Our reconciliations will also be there. You can also find our new CSR report that Vince outlined in his script on our Analog Investor Relations homepage. And with that, thanks for joining us and your continued support of ADI.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Mike Lucarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Mike Lucarelli: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our first quarter fiscal 2021 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. Now onto the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, including statements relating to our objectives, outlook and the proposed Maxim transaction. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as further described in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q and other periodic reports and materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements as these statements reflect our expectations only as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vince Roche: Thanks very much Mike, and good morning to you all. So I'll start my remarks with a review of our results before providing insights into how we're shaping a more connected, safer and sustainable future. The first quarter we delivered strong results that came in at high end of our outlook. Revenue was $1.56 billion and increased 20% year-over-year. The strength was broad based, the growth across all end markets highlighted by a record quarter for our industrial business. We delivered gross margin of 70% and op margin of nearly 41%. All told, we produced adjusted earnings per share of $1.44. Over the trailing 12 months, we generated $1.9 billion free cash flow equating to 33% free cash flow margin placing us in the top 10% of S&P 500. So overall I'm very pleased with our team's performance this quarter. Now I'd like to discuss how we're advancing our mission of engineering good for the planet, social health and economic prosperity which in turn will create long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. Awareness of the world's environmental degradation and climate change specifically is growing tremendously with a global called action building momentum. Semiconductors, as the bedrock of the modern digital economy have a major role to play in improving our standard of living while protecting our planetary health. At ADI, our technology sit at the intersection of our customers and societies most pressing challenges and we're uniquely positioned to drive positive impact. Our industry leading portfolio with its breadth of capabilities defines the edge of performance and inherently delivers sustainable benefit. With each generation of chip designed, we increase efficiency while enhancing the performance of our customers systems. This portfolio supports customers of all sizes and spans industries that are aligned with key secular trends. So today, I'll focus on where ADI is entering goods across the automation, electrification and connectivity sectors. Firstly, the automation of human routines, factory floors and supply chains is critical to our future and the pandemic has further accelerated this paradigm. The World Economic Forum is predicting that by 2025 over half of all tasks will be performed by machines at first in human history. To support this trend, our industrial customer base is boosting deployments of robots and cobots. Over the next five years the global robot installed base is expected to increase by about 60%. With industrial motors currently consuming 25% of all the world's electricity. We urgently need to deploy technologies that not only deliver speed and accuracy, safety and flexibility. But also energy savings. Now let me share a few examples of how our technologies are meeting these challenges in automation. So firstly, variable speed drives can reduce motor energy consumption by up to 40% in a robot. Our precision signal chain isolation and power management technologies together increase response time and improve power conversion. Secondly, our time of flight sensing technology allows robots to sense and interpret the world around them. So our customers can deploy more robots per square foot and improve workers safety. Thirdly, our OtoSense condition-based monitoring solution presciently identifies motor inefficiencies enabling customers to proactively optimize and repair machinery. This avoids costly downtime and lowers energy consumption by 10%. Importantly, these technologies that improve motor efficiency and robotic control can save almost one gigaton of annual CO2 emissions, the equivalent of 330 million residential homes. In total, automation is a key component of our industrial business supporting tens of thousands of customers. We expect this accelerated digitalization to drive continued growth in 2021 and beyond. Now I'll turn to electrification and discuss the important role ADI is playing as consumer demand for greener transportation accelerates. The World Economic Forum predicts that by 2030 there will be approximately 215 million electric vehicles on the road up exponentially from about 7 million today. ADI's solutions are embedded across all phases of the electric vehicle journey from supporting EV infrastructure to forming and managing the vehicle battery. So I'll share now how our technologies are impacting this ecosystem. First, the shift to renewable energy sources drives great environmental benefits. But also creates new obstacles in distribution, transmission and stability. This requires a smart grid which can vividly monitor and adjust performance. Our control and sensing technologies are critical to ensuring the grid parameters remain stable and prevent shutdowns. This shift also requires energy storage systems to mitigate intermittency issues, related to variable user demand. Here our high accuracy monitoring and efficient power conversion technologies help extend systems battery life by more than 30%. Turning to the battery which is the most expensive vehicle part. Our Battery Management System or BMS enables up to 20% more miles per charge than our competition. As the market leader, over half of the top 10 electric vehicle brands use ADI's BMS technology today. In addition, last fall we introduced the industry's first wireless BMS platform. This is all the benefits of our wired solution by lowering vehicle weights and enabling the scalable battery architecture, paving the way for reuse and storage systems. GM's Ultium platform uses our wireless BMS technology which is expected to be deployed across 30 different models by 2025. Interest in our wireless BMS technology is rising and last quarter, we recorded our second OEM design win. Importantly, the environmental impact from our BMS capabilities is notable. In 2020 alone, vehicles equipped with ADI's BMS technologies prevented approximately 70 million tons of carbon dioxide when entering the atmosphere. Our solutions utilized at the battery formation stage enabled more current density thereby shrinking our customer's equipment footprint by up to four times and reducing per channel costs by nearly half. Our technology makes it possible for factories to recycle more than 80% of the energy used during the formation back into the power grid. Based on today's production levels, energy recycling during formation reduces CO2 output by about 1 million tons annually. So all told, electrification not only represents highly valuable market with long-term revenue growth opportunities. But one that will be critical to the preservation of our precious natural ecosystem. So finally, let me turn to connectivity. In the face of the pandemic, connectivity has been the foundation that is sustaining and powering our society and the economy and while the communications market is not known historically for its sustainability benefits. This ability to stay connected and productive from anywhere has also had a positive impact on the environment, a clear proof point is the reduction of global carbon emissions by a record 7% in 2020. By 2030, forecast suggest mobile traffic will increase by about 17-fold. This exponential increase in wireless data combined with pervasive cloud computing puts IP traffic on pace to double every two and a half years. And ADI is playing a critical role in building out the next generation infrastructure to support this exponential increase in data. From capturing the signal at the base station air interface to transferring the information to the data center while substantially decreasing power. So ADI has invested ahead and reshaped the 5G radio architecture, our software defined transceivers with complementary precision signal chain and power technologies are vital to enabling the 5G massive manual architecture. When comparing 5G to 4G, our solutions help deliver a 90% decrease in energy per bit at the air interface by decreasing the channel count by 10x while maintaining the radio size and terminal performance. With the exponential upswing in data generation. Our customers are upgrading their optical infrastructure from 100 to 400 gigabits per second. Our precision signal chain technologies help enable these optical modules maintain constant power while operating at four times the data rate. And with the customers looking to increase to 1 terabit and beyond ADI's opportunity will continue to expand. Capturing and transporting data efficiently is important. But computing in data centers is the primary source of energy consumption in the connectivity ecosystem. Currently, data centers generate more than 130 million tons of CO2 per year globally. So this is where the transition from 12 to 48 volt power distribution can reduce power loss and increase compute density. Our 48 volt to core micromodules power and power system monitoring solutions are enabling this transition and according to Alphabet, this approach and approved data center energy efficiency by 30%. All told, ADI is part of the ecosystem enabling greater efficiency and wireless and wired data capture transmission and of course computing and our solutions of customers to scale their investments and build next generation networks economically and resourcefully. So stepping back, I'm incredibly proud of the progress we've made on our mission to engineer good but a lot remains yet to be done. We're focused on partnering with our customers to develop increasingly innovative technologies that create successful business outcomes in rich people's lives and leave a greater impact on our world. And so with that, I'll hand it over to Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our first quarter earnings call. My comments today with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses will be on an adjusted basis which exclude special items outlined in today's press release. ADI delivered strong first quarter with results at the high end of our outlook. Revenue increased 20% nearing an all-time high, operating margin expanded to 40.7% in line with our long-term model and adjusted EPS grew 40%. We saw tremendous breadth this quarter with all market segments growing year-over-year. The first time in over three years. And B2B revenue increased 2% sequentially and 22% year-over-year with double-digit growth across each end market. Industrial represented 55% of revenue during the quarter increased 5% sequentially and 24% year-over-year. This represented a record quarter for industrial with broad based strength across applications, customers and geographies. Specifically demand across our automation instrumentation and energy businesses accelerated this quarter. Communications which represented 18% of revenue during the quarter decreased 10% sequentially but increased 16% year-over-year. Both wireless and wireline revenue grew double-digit despite zero revenue from Huawei this quarter. Automotive which represented 16% of revenue increased 7% sequentially and 19% year-over-year. With the industry aggressively ramping up production we saw double-digit year-over-year across all applications. BMS exhibited the highest growth, a trend we expect to continue given our growing design pipeline. And lastly, consumer which represented 11% of revenue increased 2% sequentially and 5% year-over-year. We saw strong growth in hearables, wearables and home entertainment. This quarter's inflection puts us on track to return to full year growth in 2021. And now for the rest of the P&L, gross margin which is seasonally weaker in the first quarter finished flat sequentially at 78%. We anticipate our first quarter's gross margin will be the trough for the year as we benefit from a strong top line, improving utilization and capturing the majority of the LTC cost savings. OpEx in the quarter was $456 million up sequentially and year-over-year due mainly to variable compensation. Op margins finished at 40.7% above the guided midpoint. Non-op expenses were $27 million and better than our outlook due to an investment gain. Our tax rate for the quarter was approximately 12%. So all told, adjusted EPS came in above the high end of guidance at $1.44. This included a $0.04 benefit from an investment gain that was not in our prior outlook. Moving onto balance sheet and cash flow, inventory dollars increased modestly while inventory days finished at 119, down from 121 in the fourth quarter. Channel inventory as measured in weeks was flat sequentially and remained well below our seven-to-eight-week target. CapEx in the quarter increased to $67 million or roughly 4% of sales. We're working judiciously to add CapEx to meet this record demand anticipate that CapEx will run slightly above our long-term target of 4% for fiscal 2021. Turning to cash flow, over the trailing 12 months we generated $1.9 billion or 33% of revenue. You'll recall that during the last year, we paused our share repurchase program for few quarters due to the pandemic and our proposed Maxim acquisition. Therefore in 2020, we returned 80% of free cash flow to shareholders after debt repayments. This quarter, we've reinstated our share repurchase program and given our current 1.5 leverage ratio we're committed to returning 100% of free cash flow for the year. Looking at the first quarter, we executed nearly $160 million of repo and we also announced an 11% increase to our quarterly dividend at $0.69 per share. Which marks our 18th increase over the last 17 years? Before moving onto guidance, I want to provide some context on the current state of supply. A sharper than expected recovery in the economy coupled with a lean inventory backdrop is fueling unprecedented demand for semiconductors and putting stress on the global supply chain. While the industry at large is aggressively working to meet this historic demand. It's more than likely we'll be operating in a constrained supply environment for the balance of the year. At ADI, we're confident in our ability to outperform in times like this. Our flexible hybrid manufacturing model, healthy balance sheet inventory and diversified product and customer base position us well. In addition, we're working to secure additional capacity from our external partners and ramping our internal operations to increase output. Now let me provide our second quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be $1.6 billion plus or minus $50 million. At the midpoint, this guidance reflects would be record revenue. We expect double-digit year-over-year growth for automotive, industrial and consumer market but we do see a decline in our comms. Based on the midpoint of guidance, op margin is expected to be 41% plus or minus 70 bps and our tax rate is expected to be between 11% and 13%. Based on these inputs, adjusted EPS will be $1.44 plus or minus $0.08. So in summary I'm encouraged by the near-term trend we're seeing across our end markets and while we're mindful of the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. We're optimistic that a broad-based recovery is underway and with Maxim expected to close this summer. 2021 will be a transformative year for ADI. Let me now pass it back to Mike to start our Q&A.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks Prashanth. Let's go to the Q&A session. We ask that limit yourself to one question in order to allow for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question please requeue and we'll take your question, if time allows. With that, Cheryl can we have our first question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Good morning, guys. Appreciate the question and congratulations on the strong results. Prashanth, I just want to talk a little bit about how the model unfolds from here. I mean clearly you talked about already hitting the gross margin trough for the year. But you're guiding EPS sort of flattish on op revenue. I'm just kind of curious how should we be thinking about OpEx from current run rate levels and specifically, is there incremental OpEx needed because of the tight supply situation? What are the puts and takes as we go throughout the balance of the year?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you for the question, John. Way to think about OpEx is that, if you recall in the Proxy, we identified that last year in the first half we had a particularly low bonus payout as reflection of the macroeconomic environment. In the first half of this year you're going to see the opposite effect of that. So on average it's a normal bonus payout. But you do see a significant upswing in a variable comp for which is impacting both the first and the second quarter compares. In addition, we have the merit increase if you remember we put that merit increase in several months later than normal as a result of the pandemic last year. So you're beginning to see that on a full year run rate basis in first quarter and then it will carry in second quarter. So beyond these comp related items OpEx is really at a steady level. We're not requiring any additional investment at the OpEx level to support the demand that we're generating.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks. We'll have our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Prashanth and Vince, I just wanted to get back to the current constrained supply condition that the industry is facing. So could you please comment on your lead times and then what are you seeing in the cost increases as you're experiencing and are you able to pass along pricing through the customers and more importantly, does it change your approach? Is there a structural change that you see happening? Prashanth, you talked about CapEx running a little bit higher. Where does that additional CapEx going? Is back end, front end? And I just wanted to get a better sense of how things change from here on the supply chain front for ADI? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay, so there's a lot packed into that question, Ambrish. Let me take a couple pieces of it. So we're producing and shipping at record levels and second quarter outlook is going to be a record. We have enough capacity to meet to the guide. But significant additional upside versus that guide will depend on what we're able to procure both from an external wafer standpoint as well as the capital that we're in the process of deploying into our internal facilities to support that. What we're doing to help alleviate that situation is we have been consistently building inventory since last summer to deplete what was pulled down during the pandemic shutdowns. We're adding additional supply both internally and I mentioned the capital that we're deploying which is mostly going to the back end and then externally we've gone out and acquired additional wafers from our partners. I think the answer to your question on CapEx is that is mostly for test and then, on the capacity side. Where we can get additional capacity from our partners, we're doing that. But even with this additional capacity it's very likely that the strength of demand is going to outpace supply for some period of time. So I think we will be chasing demand at least for the balance of this year. From a capital deployment standpoint, some of that as we guide as percentage of revenue some of that is dependent on how strong the year continues to rollout. So when I say slightly above 4%. It could come down to 4% or maybe just a hair below if revenue continues to cripple on here.
Vince Roche: Yes, just on the lead time question, Ambrish. So we entered our first quarter with what we've recalled normal lead times. But during the quarter and into the early part of this quarter we've seen lead times extend which I think is pretty consistent with the industry at large. So while we see some hot spots. We're really talking about is few weeks of extension in different places. Let me remind you too that, we run this company. We run our manufacturing plants; the operating plants are run to POS rather than POA. So what we're seeing right now is a good balance between POS and POA. But as Prashanth said, we're preparing for quite a bit of upside during this year and we've pretty substantially increased the CapEx in our backend.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks Ambrish. Go to next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stacy Rasgon: I wanted to ask about comm. So it's down sequentially and year-over-year I guess into Q2. Is that the trough for the year for comm.? And do you think the comms segment overall can grow year-over-year for the full year 2021?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: You want to take that, Vince? Okay, I'll take the first part of that, Stacy. So let's break comms into wired and wireless. On the wired, we're looking for continued growth as carriers and data centers are upgrading networks. On the wireless, we said that, that the US deployment of 5G was always going to be a second half event and our view on that has not changed. What we have seen is a bit more of a slowdown in China as they're digesting kind of the 5G that they deployed and the channel counts are a bit lower. So we do think comms troughs in second quarter and then begins to pick up in the second half with the global 5G. In terms of our view on whether we can grow comms on a year-over-year basis. Given the significant headwind we have from Huawei going to zero, that's a tough ask.
Vince Roche: Yes, I think as well, I'll remind everybody that the three-year CAGR for comms has been 7% and that's with that's very, very significant headwind in China. I think when you look at ADI in the comms business it's tremendously diverse. Many, many hundreds of customers. 5G is a critical part. Wireline is an increasingly critical part. So very, very hard to predict in a lumpy business. But our expectation is that, when you have CAGR [indiscernible] we produce better than mid single-digit growth for that business.
Stacy Rasgon: I'm sorry, was that a long-term statement? That didn't sound like that was this year.
Vince Roche: Over the next few years I think Stacy. We will produce something better than mid single-digit growth in that business.
Mike Lucarelli: Yes, Stacy what Prashanth says we don't think it will grow this year in fiscal 2021 due to, I will say the Huawei headwinds, as they go to zero and lower channel count in China. But then pivoting to Vince, over the long-term we should grow - we've been growing 7%. There's no reason to go - going forward we can't grow at least in line to that.
Stacy Rasgon: Didn't you used to talk about double-digit growth in this business?
Mike Lucarelli: We did Stacy. I think the world has changed over the past two years quite a bit. Could it grow double-digit? Sure it could. There's no reason it can't. But I think as we look today with the pressures, you're seeing geopolitically those are things we didn't know two years ago.
Vince Roche: I think high single digits is a reasonable expectation. The early stages of 5G, I think being able to grow at double digits pretty plausible but we're working off a bigger numerator at this point in time. So I think if we can produce something in the high single digits. We'll be in very, very good shape.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks Stacy. Cheryl, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Vince, you talked about second design win for your wireless BMS solution or second OEM using that technology. Could you elaborate a little bit on how quickly this technology is going to penetrate the auto market? Could you potentially get to six, seven OEMs embracing this technology this year and or next?
Vince Roche: Well that's certainly our expectation. I think in terms of getting to market. The latter part of this year we'll see the start of production. And I think between now and the end of 2023 say, we should expect four to five OEMs to adopt that technology. With a strong pipeline, but also remember we have a very strong wired portfolio in BMS. So we've got those two tailwinds working for us. But I think overtime it will be kind of hybrid between wired and wireless. But clearly wireless is the bright star at this point in time and our expectation is, that we'll have at least a handful of OEMs using this technology by start of 2024.
Tore Svanberg: Very helpful. Thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks Tore.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Vince, I wanted to talk about just fiscal 2021 and the sustainability of growth. So you're starting the year of very strong, right? 20% growth rates in Q1 and the Q2 outlook. How should we think about the second half of other - do you want to talk about the fiscal year or the calendar year? Which markets do you think right now are over heated because of whatever reasons which are kind of only - which are in line with demand and which ones can actually accelerate going into the second half? Just how should we think about how the segment mix changes as you go towards the second half of the year? Thank you.
Vince Roche: Thanks for your question. Typically 1Q is the low point for ADI. We had a reasonably strong first Q compared to kind of normal pattern. But I want to stress there's still a tremendous amount of uncertainty out there. And I don't want to get into the business of making strong speculative predictions here. But we can only kind of guide one quarter at a time particularly in this varying market. But if I look at the markets and just kind of peel the story back a little bit for you. So our industrial business which represents about half of the company's revenue was down we had two consecutive down years in 2019 and 2020. But we produced the record quarter in the first. We expect ongoing strength in that business and one thing I'm very, very pleased about is that the most diverse part of our industrial business is automation and I think given the strength of our opportunity pipeline, the new products we've got coming to market. I expect to see a multi-year tailwind in the automation part. I think right now in automotive there's a big push to electric vehicles and I see that as I said in the prepared remarks that is expected to grow by 2030 from kind of 7 million deployed electric vehicles today to over 200 million by 2030. And we talked a lot last quarter about the strength of our cabin electronics business, active noise cancelation, premium audio, our A2B bus deployments and all that through provides good tailwinds for the company going ahead. Comms as we've just narrated weak in the first half of 2021. But really, I think that's about the timing of deployments and my expectation is that, that business would snuck back in the second half of 2021 and continue into 2022. Last but not least, our consumer business has shown our couple of sequential growth quarters and we no longer have the overhang of one big socket and one big customer. So with the diversity of our business. We were addressing more applications, we've a stronger product portfolio than we've had say three years ago. I think we're on a growth track of that business and we're certainly off to a very, very good start. So we believe that 2020 was bottom of that business and certainly the signals are that is the case.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks Vivek.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Vince, you guys talked about growing capacity both internally as well as externally with your foundry partners. How should we think about the step up in your capacity, again both internal and external, over the next couple of quarters? The magnitude at which you can grow capacity for the overall business? And secondly, a couple of your peers have talked about signing long-term contracts with customers. Is that something that ADI is thinking about or considering? Thank you.
Vince Roche: Well, I think what you've got to remember is that first and foremost we're producing and shipping products at record levels. 2Q will be an all-time record for the company, so we're certainly keeping ahead. Our investments are keeping ahead of these revenue levels, obviously. Like most of our peers in the industry, there are supply constraints in parts of the business, so we're not able to meet all of the demand, particularly in auto, which has been very, very well-publicized. And the constraints continue across the front end in wafer procurement and also the backend. But I want to remind you, too, we produce about half our silicon inside ADI, and the other half we procure with external partners. So I think something else worth noting is that we've been building inventory since last summer in terms of die stock and finished goods, which was heavily depleted during the pandemic shutdown. So, as I said, internally we're ramping up our own manufacturing operations and we've been successful in acquiring additional wafers from our external partners. So I think that's the best I can give you in terms of the atmosphere that we're working within. We're certainly keeping CapEx deployments ahead of where we think the revenue could be this year based on the demand patterns we now see.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Toshi, I would expect that our guide for each of the subsequent quarters is going to be partly influenced by what we're able to supply. So as I said earlier, I think we're going to be chasing demand for the rest of this fiscal year, and we will use our guidance range to inform how we think - what we can build to base on our ability to get capacity third parties as well as increase capacity internally.
Toshiya Hari: And then the long-term contracts, is that something that comes up in conversations or not really?
Vince Roche: I think it depends. We do have long-term contracts, but we're doing that on a more strategic basis than tactical, let's say.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you so much.
Mike Lucarelli: Thanks, Toshiya.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Any update on just the linear cross selling synergies and efforts? I know a little while back you talked about the pipeline, but just how you're seeing that kind of unfold? And any particular markets for product segments that you're seeing the most traction along those lines?
Vince Roche: Yes, so, Craig, there's a couple of ways to look at this. Obviously, the battery side of things is very, very strong. We've more than doubled the size of that since we acquired LT. And overall, when I look at, for example, power, the mixed signal portfolio, as well as the battery management side of things, we have more than $500 million worth of new revenue going into production this year, and that's just the beginning. So in terms of areas where we're winning, we've got notable wins in communications, in wireless as well as and data center and cloud. In Automotive, we're strongly attaching to our infotainment business, the autonomous radar systems. And the strongest surge in terms of growth in industrial for the LT portfolio, the additional cross selling is instrumentation tests and micromodules generally speaking across the board. We're seeing very, very strong demand for those products. So I think all that said, we had expected that we would double the LTC growth from 3% to 4% historically to high single digits in a five-year period. And that's quite similar to how we viewed our opportunity with Hittite at the beginning and what also has materialized. So that's the story in terms of the markets and the expected growth.
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thanks, Vince.
Mike Lucarelli: Cheryl, can we have our last question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from C. J. Muse from Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
C. J. Muse: I guess, Vince, to follow-up on that last question and to kind of go back to what you talked about a quarter ago. I think you said factory automation turned positive for the first time in quite a while year-on-year yet was still significantly below the Q3, 2018 levels. So I was hoping we could level set where we are today in your industrial bucket. And as you think about where you are relative to prior peak, what kind of acceleration in growth should we be able to see in 2021 and 2022 particularly around factory automation, A&D and instrumentation?
Vince Roche: I'd say I mean, just Mike can give you some numerical color. I'll just give you a couple headline here. So what we're seeing, as I said in the prepared remarks, is an acceleration of the market in general, but we're still well below the previous peak. And given the pipeline of opportunities that we've got, the technologies and the products that we've got, I think the long-term trends are going to be very, very strong, accelerated of course by the obvious need for resilience and driven by automation as a result of the pandemic. But, Mike, you might want to add?
Mike Lucarelli: Yes, sure. C. J., you're right. If you look at our Industrial business, we did just achieve a record quarter and we're guiding to another record quarter. So I'll clarify that. But what's interesting is if you peel back a bit, we have six application areas within industrial. Only two of them are above previous peaks. So there's a lot more room for upside across all the verticals. But even if you look back at previous peaks, there's still four application areas we still have more room to run before we hit those peaks. Automation being one of those as well. So I think, as Vince said, it's a long-term growth market, automation and industrial, and you're starting to see that business turn late last year into this year. And I think that continues hopefully into 2022.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Maybe just to close on that, C. J., we've been gaining share in industrial, and we've been gaining share over the last couple of years while the market hasn't been as strong. Now you're going to see the compounding effect of a growing market with the benefits of the share that we've picked up. So I think you will see significant outperformance for ADI's industrial business versus our peers over the balance of this year.
Vince Roche: I think healthcare as well, C.J., is worth noting that it still remains considerably above pre-COVID levels. We obviously got a boost during the upsurge in COVID-19. And again, I think this has been growing at 10% for the past five or seven years. I think, a multi-year growth market, and we're beginning to see also the acceleration of demand as a result of the pandemic getting healthcare capabilities to anywhere so to speak. So I think - we look across industrial as an area where we've been, I'd say, steering a lot of our R&D over the last decade or so. It's kind of a long burn business, but we're seeing the benefits now in terms of strength of our technology pipe and our customer engagements.
C. J. Muse: Thank you.
Mike Lucarelli: All right. Thanks, C.J., and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on the website. Thanks for joining the call and your continued interest in Analog Devices. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices' conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-11-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Third [sic] [Fourth] Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. Now on to disclosures. The information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, including statements relating to our objectives, outlook and the proposed Maxim transaction. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as further described in our earnings release, our most recent 10-K and other periodic reports and materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking - this forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these statements, except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. Okay. With that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to you all. I hope that you and your families are healthy and safe at this time. So 2020 represents a year of strategic progress for ADI in a very highly uncertain macroeconomic environment. Fortunately, ADI was already operating from a position of strength. Over the last decade, we've created a structurally more profitable business. We realigned our portfolio to target more durable end markets and become more diverse across customers, products and applications. During this past year and at the height of the pandemic, this business model proved quite resilient with gross and operating margins troughing at 68% and 37%, respectively, levels we previously considered peak. It's this resiliency that enables us to sustain a healthy of  level of investment against any economic backdrop. Weve also been not afraid to make strategic pivots towards the most attractive investment opportunities that enhance our customer engagement and better align us to secular growth trends, such as digital healthcare. Clearly, the biggest investment decision of 2020 was our strategic combination with Maxim, which will further extend the scale and scope of our semiconductor portfolio. And I'll expand on this in a while. As I reflect on the immediate challenges of our current environment, we believe there is more ADI can do to leverage our expertise to engineer a more sustainable future and make an even more positive impact on the world. To that end, earlier this year, we published our first Corporate Responsibility Report and launched the semiconductor industry's first green bond. We also took action in the global fight against COVID-19. We prioritized production of our healthcare solutions to support customers and we're partnering with hospitals and biotech startups to develop solutions that leverage our technology. And our impact has extended beyond our own facilities and capabilities, as we've made multimillion dollar donations through the ADI Foundation to support both global and local pandemic response efforts. Overall, I'm very proud of how we've come together. We embraced and learned from this challenging time and continue to execute at a high level to generate and capture value in the market. Now turning to our results. In the fourth quarter, revenue was $1.53 billion and adjusted EPS was $1.44, above the high end of our outlook. For the year, revenue was $5.6 billion, down mid-single digits year-over-year. This was partly driven by the economic volatility and supply chain disruptions related to the pandemic. Despite this, our cumulative B2B revenue outperformed peers for a third consecutive year. We actively managed operating expenses, delivering operating margins of 40% and adjusted EPS of $4.91. We generated approximately $1.8 billion in free cash flow in 2020. While this year's 33% free cash flow margin is just below our long-term financial model, we continue to be in the top 10% of companies in the S&P 500. So now, I'd like to provide an update on how we are shaping ADI to be even more impactful in the future. During the year, we invested more than $1 billion in R&D, with over 95% targeted at the most attractive B2B opportunities. This includes funding new product development to fortify our franchises and drive new vectors of growth. As you know, we selectively use M&A to complement these organic investments. And we've taken a very significant step forward with the pending acquisition of Maxim. The numerous customers I've spoken with about our combination are delighted that we will join forces. Maxim will strengthen our leadership in the semiconductor industry, creating a more comprehensive analog mixed-signal and power portfolio and further diversifying our business across markets and applications. And at 10,000 engineers strong, the acquisition will solidify ADI as the destination for the world's best analog talent. We've also been disciplined in our approach to managing our balance sheet. Since we closed the Linear acquisition, we've cut our leverage ratio in half, increased our dividend by 40% and repurchased more than $1 billion of shares. And Prashanth will provide further details on our capital allocation outlook for 2021. Shifting now to customer engagement. Our focus has been unwavering, as we continued to solve our customers' toughest challenges. A key strength of ADI is our standard products portfolio. With its unparalleled breadth and depth from DC to 100 gigahertz, from nanowatts to kilowatts and from sensor to cloud, we define the edge of performance. Our portfolio is sold across customers of all sizes and provides recurring revenue for decades. But what's just as important, these standard products are the foundation upon which we build more targeted integrated solutions for higher growth vertical applications, such as 5G radio systems and automotive battery management. To that end, industries are prioritizing digitalization and connectivity more than ever and new industries are emerging, focused on the physical and cyber. In many ways, it's semiconductors that are enabling the current virtual economy and ADI, where data is born, is at the center of this evolution and well aligned with key secular growth trends. Now looking across our segments, I'd like to share some highlights with you. Starting first with industrial, this is an incredibly fragmented market with expanding needs as it transitions Industry 4.0 and beyond. We're in a unique position to not only solve traditional challenges like precision signal processing, control and power, but also new emerging challenges like connectivity and safety. For example, our time-of-flight solution enables safer factory floors by preventing accidents between humans, robots, and cobots. And our connectivity portfolio of Deterministic Ethernet, secure microwave, RF and 5G, is helping our customers to create ubiquitous connectivity, merging their operational and informational technologies to unlock the true value of Industry 4.0. In healthcare, the pandemic is accelerating the market towards telemedicine and transitioning care into the home. To support this, systems are being upgraded and clinical-grade patient monitoring is extending outside of the hospital. We doubled our investment ahead of this trend, bring it to market hundreds of new products and tilting our offerings towards complete system solutions. The result, over the last five years, we've grown our customer base by over 20% and our revenues at a double-digit rate even when excluding pandemic-related demand. And we're now increasing our investment in sensing, computing and cloud, to help enable the secular shift to healthcare from anywhere. In communications, we're the market leader in 5G, a position that will deliver significant growth as 5G broadens globally in 2021 and beyond. At the same time, we view open radio access networks, or O-RAN, as a disruptive technology that enables carriers to scale and upgrade their networks more quickly and economically, an important step to help proliferate 5G into new markets. And for ADI's wireless franchise, O-RAN opens up new avenues for growth. To get ahead of the market, we're further innovating our transceiver and power portfolios to shape the radio of the future. We're also forming strategic partnerships with ecosystem participants such as Intel and Marvell. And this strategy is working. Last quarter, we announced the collaboration with NEC to enable the first O-RAN installation for Rakuten Mobile. The automotive market is undergoing a revolution, with electric vehicles becoming mainstream. ADI is at the heart of this movement, with over half of the top 10 EV brands using our BMS solution. And our new wireless BMS offers the same reliability and performance of our wired solution while enhancing robustness and configurability. General Motors recently announced that they will deploy our wireless BMS across their entire Ultium battery line. Since the launch, just a few months ago, interest in this groundbreaking technology is gaining momentum across the ecosystem. Looking at automotive more broadly, demand for our audio system solutions with signal processing, A2B connectivity and road noise cancellation is intensifying. Our innovative solutions are not only the highest fidelity performance technology in the market, but they also reduce weight, removing nearly 100 pounds from an average vehicle. We've also identified opportunities to attach our LTC portfolio with our A2B platform to deliver both data and power up to 50 watts. By combining all these capabilities, we are creating deeper customer relationships while increasing our SAM for audio system. Turning to consumer now. This is a market that have had its fair share of challenges over the last few years for ADI. However, we believe that the business has bottomed in 2020. Recent design wins across a diverse customer base for new and emerging applications like hearables, wearables, high-end audio and video solutions put consumer on a multi-year growth trajectory. So in closing, this was clearly an unprecedented year for us all. We are optimistic that a broad-based recovery is underway, but acknowledge that the recovery remains dependent on the economic impacts of the pandemic. With that said, I'm encouraged by our momentum and we expect 2021 to be a growth year for the company. We've seen an improvement across nearly all of our end markets and our portfolio is strategically aligned with favorable secular growth trends, a position that gets only stronger with Maxim. In my 30-years plus at ADI, I've never been more confident about our prospects than I'm today. And so with that, I'm going to turn it over to Prashanth, who will take us through the financial details.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone. Let me add my welcome to our year-end earnings call. As usual, except for revenue and non-op expenses, my comments on the P&L and our outlook will be on a non-GAAP or adjusted basis, which exclude special items outlined in today's press release. Let me start with a brief recap of 2020. The heightened uncertainty and significant disruption due to the pandemic certainly created a very volatile year. Revenue of $5.6 billion was down 6% year-over-year. However, we saw sequential improvement throughout the year and our revenue was up 14% in the second-half compared to the first. Gross margins finished at 69%, down slightly year-over-year, but we enter 2021 within our long-term financial model. Op margins landed at 40%, as we prudently managed our discretionary spend. All told, full-year adjusted EPS was $4.91. Now turning to the fourth quarter. Revenue of $1.53 billion was up 5% sequentially, marking the third consecutive quarter of growth. This exceeded the high-end of our outlook, driven mainly by stronger-than-anticipated growth in automotive. And if we look at the individual segments, in the fourth quarter, industrial, which represented 53% of revenue, was up 5% sequentially and up 9% year-over-year. We saw growth across nearly all our major applications, notably automation, which makes up approximately 20% of industrial, grew for the first time in two years. For the year, industrial revenue was about flat, underscoring the diversification across customers and applications in this business. In the fourth quarter, communications, which represented 20% of revenue, was down 14% sequentially. However, the segment was up 19% year-over-year, driven by double-digit growth in both wireless and wireline. Importantly, our growth was not aided by customer pull-in activity related to geopolitical tensions. And for the year, communications revenue was down 8% year-over-year. However, excluding Huawei sales that were impacted in '19 and '20 by Entity List restrictions, our revenue grew modestly, a testament to our strong positions in 5G and optical control for carrier networks and data center. In the fourth quarter, automotive which represented 15% of revenue, was up over 40% sequentially and up modestly year-over-year. While we exit the year with revenue above pre-pandemic levels, it was still down mid-teens for the year due to lower vehicle production. And finally, in the fourth quarter, consumer, which represented 11% of revenue, finished up 12% sequentially, down 17% year-over-year. As Vince mentioned, we believe we're positioned to grow in '21 and beyond after three years of declines. Moving on to the rest of the P&L for the fourth quarter. Gross margin was 70%, up 160 bps year-over-year. OpEx was $431 million, up 7% sequentially, as we reinstated merit and experienced higher variable compensation. Op margins finished at 41.7%, up nearly 300 bps year-over-year. Non-op expense was $44 million, down both sequentially and year-over-year, driven by lower interest expense. And our tax rate was lower than usual at approximately 10% and adjusted EPS was $1.44. If we shift to the balance sheet and cash flow, inventory dollars on our balance sheet declined modestly sequentially and inventory days finished at 121 days, down from 125 days in the third quarter. Channel inventory fell slightly and remains below our seven-week to eight-week target as we saw strong sell-through trends across all geographies. We plan to return to our target inventory model as we progress through '21. In the quarter, cash flow from operations was $673 million, up 2% year-over-year. Given the pandemic, we continue to be judicious with our CapEx, spending only $30 million this quarter or 2% of revenue. We do anticipate CapEx to normalize to around 4% of revenue for 2021. And for the full year, we generated over $1.8 billion of free cash flow. We returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, or about 80% of free cash flow after debt repayments. This was below our target, as we paused our share buyback program at the height of the pandemic and then were restricted following the Maxim announcement. As a result, our cash position increased to over $1 billion. During the quarter, we used $450 million of our cash flow to retire our 2021 notes. Total debt ended the year at approximately $5.1 billion, resulting in a leverage ratio of 1.6 on a trailing 12-month basis. Recently, we reinstated our share buyback program, which has $1.9 billion left in authorization, or approximately 4% of shares outstanding. Given our low leverage, we do not plan to reduce debt further in '21. For context, over the last three years, we've decreased our debt by approximately $3 billion. This stronger balance sheet provides us with the flexibility to improve on our 100% free cash flow return and increase shareholder value over the long term through a combination of reinvestment in the business, continued dividend increases, greater and more consistent share buybacks and targeted acquisitions. So now let's look at our first quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be $1.5 billion, plus or minus $70 million. At the midpoint of guide, we expect B2B revenue in the aggregate to increase high-teens year-over-year. Op margins are expected to be approximately 40% at the midpoint, down sequentially due to higher variable comp and annual merit. Interest expense is also expected to be down slightly sequentially. For 2021, we anticipate a tax rate between 12% and 14%. And based on these inputs, first quarter adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.30, plus or minus $0.10. I'll wrap with a brief update on our pending acquisition of Maxim. In September, we received clearance from the Federal Trade Commission in the US regarding our merger. Followed by the overwhelming shareholder support of the combination from both ADI and Maxim shareholders, we also submitted initial applications for regulatory clearance in China and the EU. I'm very encouraged by our progress and we remain on track to close the acquisition in the summer of 2021. We are excited about this complementary combination and together, we expect that we will capture additional growth in the years ahead. So with that, let me turn it back over to Mike to lead the Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Let's get to our Q&A session. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in order to allow time for additional participants on the call this morning. If you have a follow-up question, please re-queue and we will take your question if time allows. With that, can we have our first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on the strong execution, especially the free cash flow generation. Vince, my question is on the demand environment, both near-term and what do you sense for the next calendar year? So in the near-term, which end markets do you feel are back to normal levels, which are below trend line? Because when I look at your January outlook, up 15% or so year-on-year, obviously, against some easier comps. You're certainly starting the year on a very strong note. But just how should we think about the overall year in terms of the puts and takes for the different end markets in industrial, auto, comms and consumer? Any broad color just near-term and then for calendar 2021, I think, it would be really helpful to help kind of frame our models for your forecast? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Sure. Thanks for your question, Vivek. I would say, clearly, as you said, overall demand is better. And I think as well, there is a very good balance between supply and demand. Inventories are, I'd say, very, very well balanced with our customers as best we can tell. Right now, we are seeing very strong trends in automotive and industrial, while we expected comms a little softer after a big first-half of 2020. But overall, I believe 2021, I think I said in the last call is going to be a solid growth year for ADI and for the industry. And my conviction has become even stronger since the last earnings call here. Let me try and unpack things little for you. If I go through a couple of the market segments, industrial, we've clearly seen a broadening of demand. And if you look at 2020, the first-half was clearly about healthcare, aerospace and defense and automatic test equipment, strength in those areas and that strength has persisted, I think, persisted in the second-half of the year. And I think the second-half actually saw good strength emerge in factory automation, process automation, they are more horizontal businesses for ADI. So, we believe that, that strength will continue into the first quarter and beyond. Automotive, as you will have seen, we had a strong upsurge there as well and the business, in fact, is now back to pre-COVID levels. And bookings continue to remain strong in that area. And if I look at just the sub-segments within to give you a little bit of color, electrification is strong, so are BMS solutions, where we're on the fifth generation of BMS product solutions, are doing particularly well. And our infotainment business, which is - which has emerged beyond high fidelity rendering of audio and video. Our A2B solutions are emerging with great strength, given the pipeline that we've been building over the last several years really. And you will have seen no doubt as well, the active road noise cancellation solutions are riding again on top of the platform. So if I look at maybe comms a little bit here, so 2020 was strong actually across both wireless and wired. Actually, both were up in the fourth quarter of high-teens year-over-year. So if we extract Huawei, where we had the restrictions, 2020 was strong across all the rest of the customers. In fact, they grew during 2020. So, I think 2021 will be about the performance of 5G, which is a pretty good part of the communication story. I expect it will move more global beyond China, particularly with deployments in North America. And I'm glad to have report as well, consumer has been on the downward for ADI for several years. But we believe now that we've reached the bottom as we had expected in 2020. And given the diversity of applications that we're now addressing, broader-based customers, we feel good about that business in both the portable as well as the more professional solutions that we serve also. So hopefully, that answers your question completely, Vivek.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Vivek.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: We'll go to next question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you, and congratulations on the results. Vince, I was hoping you could zoom in a little bit more on comms and on 5G. You talked about O-RAN. Obviously, ADI has a very flexible approach with the software-defined radio. I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about how that architecture plays into the role of O-RAN and just maybe some more comments on 5G generally? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So if I look at what's happening in the business, maybe I'll take a shorter-term view than the slightly longer-term view and address your question on O-RAN as well, Tore. So, what we're seeing is that in the business in general, as I said in the answer to the last question there, comms in general for us has seen strength in both wireless and wired technologies, optical wired, particularly in the wired area. And what we're seeing is obviously more aggressive deployments of these massive MIMO-based systems, where our channel count continues to increase, which gives ADI a lot more content for radio. And I would also say that our portfolio has never been stronger given the investments we've been making up for several years. And our customer share has never been higher with the key OEMs far more balanced in terms of the span of technologies and products that we're supplying. So, I think it's important to remember 5G is at the early stages of multi-year, probably a decade of ramp here. And I think 2021 will be characterized by the deployments of 5G more globally beyond China. I expect America to be the primary driver probably towards the second-half of 2021 for 5G. And we've also - we've seen a lot of interest in our technologies for O-RAN. We're working with ecosystem partners in that area. You will have seen. Also the first announcement we've had publicly about the use of our technologies - our radio technologies with Rakuten Mobile in Japan through our partnership with NEC. So, I think it's classical 5G being deployed for consumer applications will continue rapidly over the next three years. But I'm also beginning to see now the early stages of adoption of 5G into more deterministically critical applications like healthcare, factory automation and so on and so forth. So, I think if you look over the long-term, Tore, this is going to continue to be a growth market for ADI with more content. We've got a stronger position with our customers and we continue to push the boundaries of technology here to enable our customers to simply now to deal with the complexity, that's increasing exponentially and the more rapid innovation cycles with our software-defined radio systems.
Tore Svanberg: Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Tore. We'll go to next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Congratulations on solid results. Thanks for letting me ask the question. A modeling question for Prashanth. Prashanth, if you look at the quarter just reported, the October quarter, incremental op margins were perhaps lower than I would have expected. I'm assuming that's variable comp coming back into the model as you guys continue to do better on the top line. But I'd be curious as you look into the January quarter, how we should be thinking about OpEx just given how funky a year, calendar year '20 was because COVID had both some puts and some takes on the OpEx and expense line?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thank you for the question, John. So let me handle that in two pieces. Let's talk gross margins and then OpEx. So for the quarter just passed, 70% gross margins, we had pretty considerable upside from automotive. And so we have some mix headwind with that kind of explosive growth in automotive. It's below the corporate average in terms of margins. As we think about gross margins for the coming quarter - for the first quarter, we are passing through the holiday period. So, we're going to have a little bit of continued pressure on utilization, as we have some of our - some of our fabs will be shut down for the holiday period. But we expect that to improve as the year progresses and we bring in the remaining $50 million of cost reductions from the shutdown of the two LTC facilities in the balance of 2021. On the OpEx side, you're exactly right. We've designed our variable comp system to really act as a shock absorber, as a flywheel. So in 2020 when we had the great deal of uncertainty, that operated the way it should and it unwound. In addition, we made a decision as a leadership team to delay implementing merit in 2020. And we brought that back into place just this past quarter. So, you will see headwind from those - from both of those decisions into the first quarter and I've mentioned that in my guide. So it's both - in my prepared remarks, it's both, a full quarter of merit and better variable compensation.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, John. Cheryl, we'll go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Vince, I wanted to zoom in on the industrial business. This business has been a really resilient compared to the past cycles for yourself, as well as your larger peers. So the question really is, can you just help us understand - and you gave us a number, 20%, for automation. But if you help us understand the various segments that are contributing to how you're able to kind of cloud through what we have seen a pretty disastrous 1Q, 2Q? And then with Maxim, we all understand the complementary parts or the additive parts on the automotive. Can you just help us understand how does the industrial business benefit from the Maxim business that you'll be bolting on? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So, thanks Ambrish. First and foremost, it's still a fairly tricky time in terms of trying to predict GDP. But we've come out of the year with tremendous strength. First-half of the year for ADI was about aerospace and defense, healthcare and the automatic test equipment sector as well. So - and that's continued, by the way, through the second-half. And then, we're building upon that in the - with the upsurge, the second-half is the expansion of growth in factory automation, which is, particularly in the fourth quarter, we began to see a very, very good surge, which we expect to continue by the way, albeit of, I'll say, somewhat depressed base as economic expansion really takes roof, I believe, in 2021. So - and also, this business for ADI, industrial is more than half of the company's revenue. The crop of products out there is stronger than it has ever been in the history of the company. Our focus - a decade ago, we decided this was really the roof of the company and we're beginning to really see, demonstrated in our results versus our competition and we're gaining market share, I think that's important to note. So, we cover more customers with more market share, with better product portfolio. So with Industry 4.0 coming on board, healthcare moving towards digitalization, telemedicine, these all bode really well for ADI for the long term. And where does Maxim add value to it as well? Industrial actually is - is really about - is primarily about precision signal processing and power management. And Maxim brings a long heritage in those two areas, which we will deploy to even greater effect across the spectrum of sensor to cloud, the raw signal that are sensing the signal, capture signal processing, connectivity. And that bodes very well for ADI. So, I'm excited about getting more capabilities to bring to more customers. As they require ADI to sell bigger swaths of problems, the complexity is growing in terms of their needs. The analog scale is becoming scarcer and scarcer. So, we will bring more of that skill to bear to solve more problems in a more complete way for our customers. So, I think that's the way to think about it, Ambrish.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Ambrish. Go to our next question, please, Cheryl.
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Thank you for taking the question. Another question on the industrial side, Vince. The business is growing 9% year-on-year in October, yet over the last few years is essentially flat. And so curious, it sounds like automation growing for the first time in two years is a real positive signal. So would kind of love to hear your thoughts on, as we come out of this pandemic, what that business segment growth could look like considering some of the growth factors that you're investing in like healthcare, as well as perhaps some of the more tried-and-true machinery, typical industrial business is beginning to recover? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So if I look - thanks, C.J. If you look out over the longer term, so industrial automation has been really on its way down for the last two years, two and a half years. And some of that was driven by the trade tensions. Obviously, with the automotive sector way off in, I mean, SAAR was dropping anyway in 2019, the pandemic crush demand there even more so in 2020. So, automotive is a big, big consumer of sophisticated factory automation systems. So that's all improving. If I think about the long-term prospects for the business given the vectors, the market vectors, the technology vectors that we've got, my sense is if you think over the longer-term here and integrate the demand over three-year, five-year period, my sense is this business can grow in the mid-to-high single digit level for ADI.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, C.J. Go to next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Vince, I wanted to follow up on the automotive business, both in terms of your Q4 performance as well as the outlook into fiscal year '21. Just as sort of a clarification on Q4, you guys grew 40%, 40% plus sequentially. I think you were guiding that business to be up in the low teens. So obviously, a very big beat in the quarter. Was that essentially a function of higher volume across your customers and therefore, a beat across most of your customers and most of your applications? Or were there any specific standouts in the quarter? I guess more importantly, into fiscal year '21, when you think about your automotive business and the potential for growth there versus the rate of recovery in the overall global automotive industry, what kind of outperformance would you expect on top of automotive production? It appears as though you guys talk about BMS and active noise cancellation, in particular, but are there any specific drivers that you're most excited about? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: So let me try and unpack that for you. So yes, in fourth quarter, we were up 2% year-over-year. And actually, we had strength across all the applications. But even though our battery management solutions were down year-on-year, we did better than the overall market at large. And our position has gained strength with the new offerings that we have and the sheer performance that we bring that nobody else can match in terms of the sensing and the single processing. So, I think that, just looking at the prognostications of what electrification will do in the electric vehicle area, I think that's a growth trend for decade, decade and a half, two decades. So, we feel good about that given our position. I think also if you just look at the fourth quarter, I talked previously about our signal processing platform, high performance signal processing platform based on our DSP, our A2B technology road noise cancellation. A2B alone was up 70% in the year. So, we've been talking about it a long time. But now the revenues are really coming home to roost in that area. If I look at 1Q, typically, the automotive business for ADI is down seasonally, but we believe that it will be up. So the strength that we've been seeing coming through the fourth quarter here will continue into the first and beyond. And if I look at just the areas that I feel really enthusiastic about that we've been steering investment increasingly towards over the last three years or so, I talked already about the electric vehicle market. And we think about that as an opportunity from battery formation to battery deployment and battery discharge. So, we're growing share in those key markets and we continue to innovate in the space and create more blue sky between ourselves and our competition, as the problems that our customers are solving become more and more challenging. So, we've brought wireless BMS quite recently, which we've announced a partnership with GM. But that is only the start. That is a new growth dimension for ADI in the automotive sector. I've talked about infotainment already, A2B, road noise cancellation. And we've managed to grow that business in 2020 despite the really, really compressor. The other thing I should point out is that we're still in the early innings of attaching our power franchise in the automotive of critical applications in which we play and that's all still ahead of us. Again, we feel good about that in areas like safety, the radar, as well as vision-based safety systems. And just in the car in general, power is an area where we've made excellent progress, I think, getting design ends. Now, we're turning them to revenue.
Michael Lucarelli: Good. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Blayne Curtis: I just want to revisit answer. On the comm, you talked about longer term drivers like O-RAN. I'm just kind of curious. In the January, I think there is going to be a pause between Phase 1 Phase 2 in China. I'm just kind of curious on your perspective. Seems like it might be down a little bit in January. Just curious, when do you think comm could see a recovery in any perspective and timing of China coming back?
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. I think comms is down sequentially. I mean, a big reason why comms was down sequentially in 1Q is the Huawei ban. Huawei was a low single-digit customer, call it, 2%, 3% of sales. They're going to be zero. So, that'll be a headwind into our first quarter. And you're right, I think the timing of next run of China 5G deployment are TBD. I think when they do happen, it will be a great business for us and we'll continue to grow in that market. But it's very hard to call when that market will turn back on. Sometime likely in the first-half of '21, but really unsure to pinpoint it today when that's going to be, given all the geopolitical tensions out there. I think, Vince, did a good job talking about how it's not just about China. The good thing, as you moved to '21, it's more global 5G. North America should start ticking off. Europe, Japan, Korea, has really started to broaden out and less about China. China still will be the biggest market, but really global 5G deployment should do better year-on-year in '21.
Michael Lucarelli: Can we go to our last question, please?
Operator: And our last question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Thanks for sneaking me in. I just wanted to wrap up with a little bit of the linearity of demand. Can you just talk about the bookings that you've seen? Have any of the concerns that your customers have had in the past about supply disruptions and all those sorts of things? It seems like those have gone away, given your commentary on channel inventory. But just wanted to get kind of what your book-to-bill was and how linearity played out through the October quarter, please?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So let me give you a couple of data points here. We started the quarter out strong in August, which was up from July and then we had a pretty normal September. Bookings remain solid so far. I think where - book to bill is at parity, where we're going into the first quarter with very normal backlog coverage for our outlook. All of that is reflected in the guide that we have. I did make a comment about inventory in the channel. So maybe that's also worth making sure people understand that we are below our seven-week to eight-week model and then we're going to kind of build ourselves back into that model over the course of 2021. So, that should also provide a little bit of a - a little bit tailwind as we go through 2021.
Michael Lucarelli: All right. Thanks, Ross. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website. And all available reconciliations, any additional information can also be found in the Quarterly Results section of our IR website. Thanks for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices. Hope everyone has a good holiday.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-08-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Cheryl and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining our third quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release you can find relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements including statements relating to our objectives, outlook, and the proposed Maxim transaction. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties as further described in our earnings release our most recent 10-Q and other periodic reports and materials filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking information as these statements reflect our expectations only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update these statements except as required by law. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures which exclude special items. Comparing our results to historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thanks very much Mike and good morning to you all. I hope that you and your families are healthy and safe at this time. So, I'll start my remarks today on our quarterly results and the current operating environment before providing you with an update on our priorities. This includes additional insight of course into our recently announced acquisition of Maxim Integrated. ADI executed exceptionally well in the third quarter despite the highly uncertain environment. Demand was resilient surpassing our expectations leading to stronger than expected results. We saw continued strength in communications across both wireless and wireline applications, healthcare saw record demand, and other parts of our industrial portfolio such as instrumentation tests also performed well. Unsurprisingly, the main area of weakness was automotive driven by global factory shutdowns and lower vehicle sales. Turning to supply, we're operating at normal capacity which helped us clear backlog and bring supply and demand into a better balance. Our team delivered third quarter results above the midpoint of our revised guide with revenue at $1.46 billion and EPS at $1.36. B2B revenue was flat year-over-year and increased 11% sequentially and both gross and operating margins returned within the range of our financial model at 70% and 42% respectively. We also generated $1.8 billion of free cash flow or 33% of revenue over the trailing 12 months. This continues to place ADI in the top 10% of the S&P 500. These results further underscore the strength and flexibility of our business model against any economic backdrop and I'm proud of how the ADI team continues to deliver for our customers. Now, I'll turn to an update on our strategic priorities. We're focused on spending our capital efficiently and the first call is funding new product development. During the quarter, we invested approximately $260 million in R&D with more than 95% targeted at the most attractive B2B opportunities. This continued reinvestment in our business is leading to excellent customer engagements and let me provide you now with a couple of examples. In our communications business, we announced the collaboration with Intel to create a flexible radio platform that will enable customers to scale their 5G networks more quickly and more economically. The high-performance ORAN compliance solution leverages our market-leading software-defined transceiver technologies. This positions ADI to expand our market leadership. In automotive, our new road noise canceling solution is gaining traction. Since announcing our initial win with Hyundai in February, we've added five more customers including the North American leader in electric vehicles. This innovative solution reduces the car weights by almost 100 pounds and energy requirements by about 3%, while potentially doubling our content opportunity per vehicle. We're seeing great design momentum across our diversified industrial market also. For example, in factory automation, customers are rethinking supply chains to make them more flexible with faster response times. And to quicken the pace of adoption, we have formed an alliance of partners to develop an open source architecture. I'm excited to announce a Fortune 500 health care customer is teaming with ADI to help upgrade its manufacturing capabilities, using more connected robotics, thereby doubling our addressable market. And in space, we have design wins going to production this year with traditional aerospace companies and new emerging disruptors that enable the proliferation of next-generation communication satellites. These satellites continuously change their position to earth and require space grade phased array and beam forming technology to create an uninterrupted connection. And we're using this strong position in RF to attach power technologies thereby increasing our addressable market by one-third. ADI also remains committed to strong shareholder returns. This quarter, we returned approximately $230 million through dividends. Recall, that we paused share buybacks due to the pandemic. This has helped us further solidify our balance sheet with a cash balance of more than $1 billion. At this point, I'd be remiss to not discuss our M&A strategy in the light of the Maxim acquisition. ADI selectively uses M&A to expand both our scale and our scope in order to better address the future needs of our customers and deliver sustainable profitable growth. And while cost synergies are an important element in evaluating any acquisition from our perspective, the most compelling benefits come from combining technology portfolios to capture new addressable markets and drive on term revenue synergies. This revenue takes time to realize given the nature of the Analog business, but our products deliver recurring revenue streams and cash flow for decades. Therefore, we strive to achieve our return objective within approximately five years. This time frame, allows us to not only achieve the stated cost savings, but also begin to capture the early revenue synergies. And I think the acquisition of LTC illustrates the benefits of our strategy. Our top priorities there were harmonizing the two organizations to create an entity that is better than the sum of its parts. To that end, I'm proud to say that we've retained and invested in LTC's exceptional engineering talent. Together, we've created an exciting road map of high-performance analog and power solutions combined. We're exceeding our original $150 million cost synergy target and we're on track to realize the next $100 million exiting fiscal '21. And from a revenue perspective, we've more than doubled our pipeline value and we have over $500 million of lifetime revenue coming to market this year, increasing our confidence in doubling LTC's historical growth rate. With LTC complete, we pursued the acquisition of Maxim to strengthen our leadership in the analog industry, better positioning ADI to capitalize on secular growth trends. Over the last five years, Maxim has shifted its business strategy to focus on B2B markets, while enhancing profitability. As a result, Maxim has increased its B2B revenue mix to approximately 80% of total from 55%, expanded its gross margins by more than 500 basis points and increased its free cash flow margin by over 600 basis points during this period. Combined, we're confident we will continue to improve Maxim's performance. This will be driven by our cadre of engineering talent, complementary technologies and breadth of market applications that I'd like to expand on a little here. The cultures of ADI and Maxim are very aligned. Both companies share a commitment to innovation and engineering excellence. With a combined team of more than 10,000 engineers and $1.5 billion of annual R&D investment, we will continue to be the destination for the world's best analog talent. And with three times the field technical resources, we'll be better positioned to uncover cross-selling opportunities and serve existing and new customers, who have an increased need for application and design support. In the area of power management, Maxim's application-focused offerings are highly complementary with ADI's more general purpose or catalog power portfolio. Together we will have a more comprehensive power portfolio with approximately $2 billion of revenue. This is particularly important, as power is the largest and fastest-growing Analog subsegment and with increasing design complexity and the need for better efficiency, the system power challenges that our customers must overcome continue to rise and rise. In automotive, Maxim has one of the premier franchisees increasing revenue at a mid-teens rate over the last five years. They're a leader in high-speed data connectivity for cameras, radars and processors with serial link technology, while ADI is a leader in audio solutions with our A2B platform and both companies are well positioned in vehicle electrification, enabling us to better address automakers' EV requirements, which continuously evolve. Together, we will capture more of the increasing system content per vehicle and enable a better experience for the consumer. Taking a step back, the combined company will have unique positioning with 85% exposure to highly profitable long life B2B markets. Maxim's strengths in the automotive and data center markets will complement ADI's strengths across the industrial, communications and digital health care markets. Additionally, the combined company will have increased financial strength. We expect the combination to be accretive to adjusted EPS within 18 months post-close with targeted cost synergies of $275 million by the end of the second year. We also expect to maintain an industry-leading financial profile. As always, we are committed to generating robust free cash flow and our goal is to reach the high end of our margin range of 40%. With our lower leverage ratio at close, we'll also have the opportunity to deliver enhanced cash returns to our shareholders. And I believe that together we can grow revenue at mid-single-digits, due to our alignment with important secular growth trends, such as Industry 4.0, digital health care, next-generation communication systems and vehicle electrification as examples. So in closing, we're seeing promising evidence that a broad-based recovery is underway. However, we recognize that the recovery is highly dependent on the future impacts of the pandemic. We've used this unprecedented time to better align our organization and investments into the most important areas. We believe we'll emerge stronger and are better positioned to drive profitable growth. And as I've shared today, we're very excited about the combination with Maxim, which will drive the next wave of disruptive innovation and deliver significant benefits for all stakeholders. And with that I'll turn it over to Prashanth to go through the financial details and outlook.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our third quarter earnings call. As a reminder, my comments with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. When we provided quarterly guidance in May, we were facing tremendous uncertainty just returning to normal capacity levels and experiencing volatile demand patterns across end markets. As we progressed through the quarter, we saw stronger-than-anticipated demand that resulted in less cancellations and higher-than-anticipated backlog conversion. With that as context, our results came in above the midpoint of our revised outlook with revenue of $1.46 billion, operating margins over 42% and EPS of $1.36. Let me start now with the end market color. Our B2B revenue was up 11% sequentially and flat year-over-year, as strength across industrial and communications offset a sharp decline in automotive. Industrial, which represented 53% of revenue during the quarter, finished up 3% year-over-year. We experienced robust growth in health care, instrumentation test and energy applications. This strength was moderated by weaker trends across our broad market and automation businesses. Communications, which accounted for 25% of revenue, achieved a record quarter. Revenue finished up 14% year-over-year, driven by double-digit increases across both wireless and wireline. This strength came from our leadership position in 5G wireless systems and our solid position in optical connectivity used in carrier networks and data centers.  Automotive, which represented 11% of revenue decreased 29% year-over-year with all applications declining due to global factory shutdowns and lower vehicle sales. And while no business is immune to the current environment, our BMS and A2B solutions fared quite well. BMS revenue increased sequentially and was down just modestly year-over-year due to our strong penetration across the ecosystem and increasing consumer preference for electric vehicles. And given the continued adoption of our A2B audio platform, A2B revenue has increased over 70% year-to-date despite lower vehicle sales.  Consumer which also represented 11% of revenue was down 13% year-over-year. Relatively flat portable revenue was more than offset by double-digit declines in prosumer due to the pandemic-related softness. We continue to expect 2020 to be the bottom for our consumer business.  In addition to the end market commentary, we wanted to provide some insight by geography as we believe it is helpful to investors in this current climate. Most geographies declined year-over-year. We saw double-digit declines in Europe and Japan, while the decline in North America was less pronounced. The rest of Asia increased and China increased double digits year-over-year largely driven by the robust growth in communications given our solid position as well as strength in industrial.  Now moving on to the P&L. Gross margins returned to our model at approximately 70% down modestly year-over-year from lower fab utilization. We've accelerated the planned LTC factory closings and have started to realize these benefits in the third quarter. We expect additional savings in the fourth quarter and we'll exit fiscal 2020 with nearly half of the $100 million savings in our run rate.  OpEx was $402 million up 3% sequentially yet down 8% year-over-year. We maintained a focus on controlling expenses, which included a one-week global shutdown during the quarter. OP margins finished at 42.3%, the highest level since the third quarter of 2018. Non-op expenses were $46 million down $3 million sequentially and more than $10 million year-over-year driven by lower levels of debt and lower interest rates. Our tax rate for the quarter was approximately 11.5% and all told, third quarter EPS came in at $1.36.  Now moving on to the balance sheet. We finished the quarter with over $1 billion of cash and about $5.6 billion in total debt. This resulted in a leverage ratio of 1.8 times on a trailing 12-month basis. Inventory dollars increased $22 million sequentially, but declined year-over-year. Days of inventory remained basically unchanged at 125. Channel inventory remains lean and is below the low end of our seven- to eight-week target range.  Cash from operations was $557 million and CapEx was only $21 million as we proactively reduced CapEx spend in the current environment. This resulted in free cash flow of $536 million up 8% year-over-year. Our long-term CapEx target remains the same at approximately 4% of sales.  And as Vince mentioned, on a trailing 12, we generated $1.8 billion of free cash flow. Over the same period, we've returned around $860 million to shareholders via dividends and additional $410 million via buybacks. This equates to a free cash flow return after debt reduction of nearly 80%, which is below our 100% return target as we paused our buyback program.  Now I'd like to expand on Vince's commentary and discuss how our combination with Maxim will further enhance our financial profile. At deal announcement, ADI and Maxim had a combined pro forma leverage ratio of 1.2 times, which will decrease between today and deal close. The main driver being Maxim which is in cash accumulation phase. They will pay one more quarterly dividend before suspending it for four quarters and their buyback is on pause. Said another way, all the cash generation for the 12 months beginning in the second quarter of their fiscal 2021 will be added to the balance sheet. And for reference, over a trailing 12-month period, Maxim generated $730 million of free cash flow. ADI plans to continue to pay and grow our dividend. And as I mentioned earlier, our buyback program was paused during the height of COVID-19 and will remain on hold for now. When circumstances permit, our intention is to reinstate the program, which has nearly $2 billion remaining under authorization. Also, as we previously outlined, we plan on repaying $300 million to $500 million of debt in 2020. This quarter, we intend to honor that commitment by retiring our $450 million January 2021 note. This will save $13 million of annual interest expense. We believe the stronger balance sheet provides us with flexibility to improve on our 100% free cash flow return and increase shareholder value over the long term through a combination of reinvestment in the business, continued dividend increases, greater and more consistent buybacks and targeted acquisitions. And now on to the fourth quarter outlook. Fourth quarter revenue is expected to be $1.44 billion plus or minus $70 million. This outlook considers our current understanding of the impact related to the recent legislation enacted on Monday. It's important to remember that this customer's revenue has been significantly reduced over the last year to a low single-digit percent of total sales. We anticipate B2B revenue to decrease modestly for the third quarter. Strong growth in automotive as well as growth in industrial is more than offset by a decline in communications. This decline in communications is related to a slowdown of deployment as we forecasted in the last call and the limited impact from the recent legislation. On a year-over-year basis, B2B revenue is forecasted to increase low to mid-single digits. We anticipate our operating margin to be approximately 42% plus or minus 100 bps. We're planning for the tax rate to be between 12% and 13%. And based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.32 plus or minus $0.10. So now I'll close my remarks by stating that third quarter proved better than our expectations, largely driven by our conservative planning and aggressive execution. As we move through the integration planning process with Maxim, we remain fully committed to driving sustainable growth through cutting-edge innovation and a focus on our customer success. I'm going to pass it back to Mike now to start our Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Okay. Let's get to our Q&A session. I'll listen to all your feedback about the  around questions and the number of questions on the call. So we're going to run this a little differently than normal. I ask that limit yourself to one question to allow time for additional participants on this call this morning. And with that Cheryl, can we have our first question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Hi, guys. Good morning and congratulations on the solid results. I just want to follow up on the recent Department of Commerce ruling. Am I to read into that that you've embedded sort of zero revenue coming from that one customer? And just given how strong China has been as a region Vince, are you at all worried that there's been pull forward, or is that just a natural offshoot of that's the geo where a lot of 5G deployment is happening?
Vincent Roche: Yes. Good question. Thanks, John. So we have pretty much discounted our top  what used to be our number one customer in China to pretty much zero in our long-term planning thinking. It has been a low single-digit customer over the past few quarters. So we have factored also by the way the latest regulatory upheaval into our numbers. So at this point in time, the largest 5G customer there in China that used to be is no longer part of the planning or the -- either in the short term or the long term. I'd say as well, what we've seen in terms of the strength in China that Prashanth referred to is really -- is the fact that China was the first to go into the pandemic. First to come out. It's an economy that's growing very, very rapidly and has been up for several years now. So, I think, there's been a very good balance I believe between supply and demand across all the sectors. I mean, we've seen growth in all markets with the exception of automotive. So I think what we're seeing in terms of the strength in China is more about the match between the strength in our business and the economy than anything else.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Vincent Roche: Our next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong execution. I wanted to follow up on John's question about your communications business. And I was hoping Vince, if you could help us quantify how much communications could perhaps decline sequentially? And what are you baking in from this Department of Commerce regulation? And then, I think that the bigger question there is that as we look forward to next year, do you think global 5G deployments can stay on track if Huawei doesn't get access to U.S. technology? Like are we really contemplating a world where Huawei is not going to be a player at all in 5G deployment? And if there is such a world, does it still mean that 5G deployments globally can actually happen at the pace people were thinking about before? Any perspective would be very useful. Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Vivek, we're going to split that. And let me take the first part of it. So to clarify, third quarter we believe did not see any pull-ins from Huawei. Fourth quarter outlook reflects the guidance we gave you reflects the full impact for us of the Department of Commerce implications from earlier this week. So, all of that is now baked in. In terms of the amount of decline that we are expecting in the communications business, this is a lumpy business. We've said that consistently. It's growth measured in years and lumpy by quarter. We don't give forward guidance on an end market basis by quarter anymore. We haven't done that for a little bit of time. So, we don't want to start that now. But take it to understand that the movement in the communications business from third to fourth quarter was very much in normal operating lumpiness of the communications business is not exacerbated in any way by what happened on Monday or Tuesday's announcement. And now I'll pass back to Vince for your more challenging strategic question.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So Vivek, I've been in this business a long, long time actually since two -- the inception of 2G all those years ago back in the late 80s, early 90s and what I can tell you is that the patterns we're seeing in 5G are no different to what we've seen in 2G, 3G or 4G. And if you look at 4G specifically, just to give you a bit of perspective here, we grew albeit a very, very lumpy business as we always say, but we grew over the entire era of its build out by mid-single digits. We had more content than we had in the prior generations. We took more share. And we're actually even better positioned in 5G because, it's a more complex radio problem fundamentally. We have a lot more technology to put into the space from microwave and RF right down to the mixed signal. And now, we're attaching power also, so, another factor that we're beginning to see the emergence of. So today, 5G has really been about giving more bandwidth to the consumer, more throughput to the consumer. The future is about I think B2B more so than the consumer. And we're beginning to see I believe the early adoption of 5G in the factory automation area. In fact, I have verified that with some of our industrial automation customers as well. So, 3Q is definitely likely the highest revenue quarter this year, but there are lots of drivers at the secular level and the company level to keep us in good stead for growth over the long term.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Vivek, I'll add one thing to try to avoid the plethora of Huawei questions that I can tell are winding up. So we've given you a lot of context around that customer. We said they're a mid-single-digit customer. The legislation put in place was, you we can ship for about half this quarter. So they'll be lower this quarter than normal. And going forward after that our expectation should be, it goes to zero. So our outlook for 1Q would be down for communications because of that.
Vincent Roche: The last couple of quarters have actually been low single digits. And as we've said now a couple of times, we are no longer factoring Huawei into our numbers.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for that.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you. Sheryl, next question, please? Sheryl, are we still on the call? I guess not.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Thank you and congratulations, especially during these tough times. I had a question on sort of bookings linearity and backlog. I know last quarter you obviously entered the quarter with pretty high backlog and you were sort of discounting that. Are we sort of back to a more normal backlog level now for either you Vince or Prashanth?
Vincent Roche: Yes. So let's -- maybe let me answer that by talking about the order patterns. So we saw strong May, some slowdown in June, which was expected. July was sort of a stable month-over-month and that was better than we expected. Through August, relatively stable and August is typically a lower seasonal month. So we have lower backlog in third quarter, as we enter the quarter and a good balance between supply and demand. This quarter, as we look forward to our guide, weve got stronger coverage from backlog than we typically do. And if we converted -- if you recall in the third quarter we said that, we had about $50 million of products that we couldn't ship in the second quarter that we caught up with in the third quarter. That actually came in a little bit higher, because we had fewer cancellations. So we probably had maybe $100 million all-in of revenue in third quarter that really related to backlog from second quarter. So, I think, that through fourth quarter we're going to get supply and demand back in balance. Backlog has come down and will be more back to normal levels. As we have guided for the fourth quarter, we've taken into consideration the stronger backlog, but we've also taken into consideration that at an ADI level our book-to-bill for the fourth quarter is now below parity.
Tore Svanberg: Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Tore.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vincent Roche: Ambrish, go ahead.
Ambrish Srivastava: Hi. Can you guys hear me?
Vincent Roche: We can Ambrish. Yes.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Vince, I wanted to pivot back to the strategic priorities and thanks for articulating everything in context of the latest acquisition. This is a question I get a lot and I scratch my head on this too, because of you bought Linear and then Maxim also on the power side. So the question -- and you did provide us with some details on Linear. A couple of questions tied to that. With respect to Hittite you have given us the growth in Hittite versus what it used to grow and how you have been able to grow that versus prior to acquisition. So the question is, how has Linear done with respect to the core business? And I don't expect you to answer it every quarter, but I think it's a pertinent question in light of the Maxim acquisition. So kind of two-part question. One how has Linear done since you bought it? And then, this was the year that we were supposed to get revenue synergy. Now this is a very topsy-turvy year, so we all understand that. But should we expect revenue synergies to start showing up from Linear with all the efforts that have been going on? Thank you. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Ambrish. So we have already seen the benefit of LTC in our growth numbers. I would say at this point in time we've put more than 100 basis points of growth on the base Linear growth rate to-date. We have -- I think the greatest indicator for what things are likely to be in the future I've said before that I believe that we can double the growth rate of LT over the longer term and just given the markets in which we play and the design cycles the product cycles it takes three years minimum and then you begin to see the real benefits I think after five years. So we're over 100 basis points of additive growth right now. And if you look at our pipeline I referred to it in the prepared remarks we have got a design win pipeline of over $0.5 billion thus far. We have seen wins in communications both on the wireless side as well as the data center side. Infotainment in automotive infotainment radar and of course BMS. We're seeing tremendous uptake for some of our more integrated products in areas like instrumentation tests using our micromodule technologies. And I'm quite pleased given the turmoil in the global markets right now that we continue to see good traction on the design win rates and I'm confident that we can get from 3% to 4% growth rates in the past to more a higher -- mid to high single-digit level in the future and do it sustainably. So I think we have emerging evidence that we're on good track to do that.
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. Thank you. 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Ambrish.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Toshiya Hari: Good morning, guys and congrats on the strong results. Vince, I had a question on your automotive business. Curious how are you thinking about the shape of the recovery in automotive over the next couple of quarters? Obviously, you've been impacted by your customer factory shutdowns and the demand situation post-COVID. But curious are you thinking it could be more of a V-shaped recovery, could it be more U-shaped? Any thoughts there would be super helpful? And if you can speak to your key applications within automotive, you gave great color on the July quarter but if you can talk about BMS A2B some of the key growth drivers for October and beyond that would be helpful? Thank you. 
Vincent Roche: Okay. Thanks, Toshi. So yes, we're seeing a recovery in the market. Actually our book-to-bill was greater than unity across all regions over the last month or so. And we believe that our third quarter represents the bottom of the cycle for us. So I think the near-term recovery and the demand that we're seeing relates to factories coming back online and also a slow improvement in SAAR. So I think the shape of the recovery really depends on the demand -- the end demand for cars and how SAAR actually grows. And we'll -- that will need -- we'll need to see continued vehicle demand to get back to the pre-COVID level. So it's not there yet. So factories are coming back online. Demand is slowly increasing. So hard to call the exact shape but somewhere between a V and a U I guess or maybe already a U and we're seeing the upsurge. I would say electric vehicles in general have held up better in this market. As we said in the prepared remarks there's a strong consumer preference for electric vehicles. It's the fastest-growing sector at this point in time. And we're continuing to gain share in the market. We've seen growth quarter-on-quarter in that space. And we're also very pleased with our performance. A2B actually grew about, I think, it was 70% year-to-date. So the adoption the design wins that we had gotten last year across most of the OEMs beginning to turn into serious revenue now. And on top of that, we're also overlaying this road noise cancellation technology that uses our digital signal processors, algorithmic technology and different analog, support technologies on the input and output there. So those are the major areas. And I think, as I said, I believe, we're in a slow recovery phase in automotive. And I think in general very hard to call the next quarter, the next two quarters, but my sense is 2021 will be a growth year for the industry and a growth year for ADI. And  I mean, that's how I viewed at this point in time. So we're seeing a gentle recovery in general across all our market spaces.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Stacy Rasgon: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I'm a little bit confused. I know you've been saying, we're entering into recovery, but how do I square that with a book-to-bill going forward that is less than one? I mean, is it just comm? Like, how should I be thinking about book-to-bill by segment? And what does that imply for like the longer-term trajectory?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yeah. Great question, Stacy. The  so I would say that, certainly, the communications business is a piece of that. And I would also say that, we  when we look back at the demand activity over the last quarter or two, we feel very good that that was driven by very kind of real demand based on conversations with customers. But there was probably some level of inventory building that was going on in there given that the inventory levels at our end customers were so low. Coming into this pandemic, they had taken  end customers really at the industrial level had taken their inventory levels down pretty significantly in 2019. And then the pandemic hit. And so I think some of the strength that the industry is seeing now has a little bit of that renormalizing that. So as we kind of look forward into fourth quarter, there is a lot of opportunity for us. And I think that, the new order activity remains good over dues are declining. So it's  I think, we'll have to let another quarter or two roll out. We don't have enough visibility I think to tell you what the future portends. But we're not seeing a sharp decline in order activity, but it is below one.
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. But just to clarify  I'm sorry?
Michael Lucarelli: Stacy, we are guiding down sequentially. Our book-to-bill is slightly below one. So it does go in tandem to what we're saying. And you're right to think about the tele market. Comm is much below one, auto is a bit above one, industrials around one. So it all lines up to what the guidance we gave and the range we have given.
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Stacy.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Stacy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from C.J. Muse, Evercore. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess a cycle question. And if I look at your S-4, and you projected revenues in there for fiscal 2020, that roughly $170 million below what you're actually looking to accomplish here. And so curious, versus what you put there in the S-4, what led to the upside there? And is that something that we should think can continue beyond the October quarter?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: C.J., that was really around the timing of when we're having those conversations. If you look back at the timing of when we were in those, the world looked very different to us. I think it looked differently to everyone back at that period, when the pandemic looked like it was ranging at a pretty sharp pace across the globe. So, our S-4 probably reflected more of the uncertainty that we had out there that has since been -- more clarity has been brought.
C.J. Muse: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Lucarelli: We'll go to our last question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Thanks. Just a question for Vince, on the industrial market and really about the composition maybe in the next couple of quarters, so certainly medical has been strong instrumentation. The more cyclically oriented factory automation has been weak. Do you expect any reversal in some of that kind of by sub-segment performance as we move forward from here and the macro recovers?
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, we've seen -- I mean energy is a couple of hundred million dollar business a year for ADI. That's been doing well, and we're getting a lot of new design wins. In renewables area, we've seen strong demand in our test business, supporting 5G build out and data centers in particular. And we're seeing a little more weakness in instrumentation in areas that relate more to CapEx. If you look at aerospace and defense, which is an important part of our industrial story, obviously there's weakness in avionics that won't be a huge surprise. But that's a relatively small portion. The biggest portion of our aerospace and defense business is defense, and that business is holding up well as well as the space business, which continues to grow nicely. I would say as well automation is holding better than we had thought. But what really excites us there is the future, as our customers rethink supply chains onshoring, reshoring, and we're going to see more and more automation used in general across the globe. So, I think that unpacks the story for you. So, I think we're seeing strength pretty much across all the sectors or recovery across all the sectors in industrial right now.
Craig Hettenbach: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks so much, Craig. And thanks everyone for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website and all reconciliations and additional information can also be found there. Thanks for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-20 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices [Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019] (sic) Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com Now onto the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors including the uncertainty regarding the duration of COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, our customers and suppliers and the global economy and also those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. And with that I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince?
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to you all from Boston. I hope that you and your families are all staying safe and healthy during this period. First, we want to express our gratitude to the health-care workers and the many other heroes on the frontlines who are protecting the health and the well-being of our communities. Thank you also very, very much. When we had our last earnings call in mid-February, we were just beginning to understand the depths of the COVID-19 impact in China and since then the pandemic has had a profound impact on the world putting tremendous stress on society and of course the global economy. To counterbalance this, we've seen an unprecedented response from governments with the deployment of fiscal and monetary policies to soften the downturn and restart economic activity whenever that may be. While our sector is not immune to the turbulent operating environment it's my belief that technology will be what mollifies the current weakness and drives new demand and business models post pandemic. That's not to say that we're standing still. We've taken actions to curtail spending and reinforce our cash position. And we are learning from this challenging period and adapting quickly while still investing to ensure that we are well-positioned in the recovery and for the long term. Our team has embraced the challenges with many of our employees working from home, but obviously not everyone can work remotely and I want to acknowledge and thank our manufacturing employees. We've continued to perform at exceptional levels and deliver for our customers. For these employees supporting our clinical operations, we've implemented safeguards to protect them, including more PPE, increasing social distancing and enhanced sanitization. And we provided them with additional incentives and benefits to allow for continuity during this very difficult time. Our team has also done an excellent job staying close to our customers. We moved quickly to pivot manufacturing lines and prioritize our healthcare solutions that are needed in the fight against COVID-19. This has allowed us to expedite supply used in products such as ventilators, respirators, imaging systems and patient monitors to our healthcare customers, and I'm incredibly proud of the resourcefulness and commitment that we have shown in rising to this critical challenge. Additionally, through the ADI Foundation, we've made multi-million dollar donations to support both global and local pandemic response efforts, but our work goes beyond financial contributions. We are also partnering with hospitals and biotech start-ups to develop solutions such as rapid point-of-care diagnostic tests and clinical grade patient monitoring that leverage our technologies. So now I'd like to discuss the current operating environment a bit. Given the reach and depth of the current crisis, global business activity has been disrupted, and today we have seen a deterioration in demand within our automotive, broad-based industrial, and consumer businesses. However, our business is proving more resilient than during the global financial crisis. To that end, healthcare demand is at record levels and communications demand is robust across wireless and indeed wireline sectors. We're also seeing strength in portions of our industrial instrumentation business and steadiness in our defense business. Now this success is no accident. Through our organic investments and acquisitions of Hittite and LTC, ADI is a very different company than we were a decade ago with more diversity, a broader portfolio across High-Performance Analog, Power and RF and higher exposure to more profitable and durable end markets. So now let me move to the other side of the equation and talk a little bit about supply. Across the world, supply chains were disrupted when many governments ordered shelter-in-place mandates and closed their borders. For ADI, capacity was reduced at our back-end test and assembly sites in mid-March across the Philippines, Malaysia, and Singapore. Once granted essential status, we acted quickly yet responsibly to ensure employee safety and improve our capacity. And today, I'm glad to say we're operating at normal capacity levels. This demonstrates the agility of our global operations and the dedication of ADI's employees around the world. Despite the fluid and uncertain demand and supply environment, we delivered revenue of 1.32 billion and EPS of $1.08. This was in line with the original range we provided on our first quarter earnings call underscoring the resiliency and flexibility of our business model in any economic backdrop.  Now as we've mobilized to preserve ADI strength in the near-term we're capitalizing on the many opportunities we see to fortify and expand our market position for the long-term. Our team remains focused on our three strategic priorities. So let me provide you with a brief update on each. First is the efficient use of capital. Importantly, ADI has ample financial liquidity to meet the needs of our business across critical investments, dividend payments and servicing our debt. Despite the current macro environment, we've generated $1.8 billion of free cash flow or 32% of sales over the trailing 12 months. This continues to place ADI in the top 10% of the S&P 500. Throughout our 55-year history, we've encountered and navigated several Black Swan events successfully by taking a disciplined and balanced approach to financial management. Specifically, the first call on our capital is funding new product development. This means investing smartly in both our people and technologies to ensure we continue to deliver disruptive innovation. In the quarter just passed, we invested 19% of revenue in R&D, spending 95% on the most attractive opportunities across our B2B markets. We also remain committed to strong shareholder returns with our dividend as the cornerstone. In the quarter, we returned over $340 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So let me turn to our second priority, which is about maximizing customer impact. We are continuously innovating to stay ahead of customer needs and while COVID-19 has brought new challenges it has also revealed new opportunities in a reordered world. During the quarter, our customer engagement didn't slow down. We hosted hundreds of virtual seminars with thousands of customers in attendance, training them on new solutions and new technologies. These interactions were very productive. We saw increased design activity on new product development across markets and customers. For example, we partnered with a key electric vehicle customer to re-imagine how audio is rendered across their fleet. As a result of this increased and focused collaboration, we added our high performance audio digital signal processors to our A2B platform, more than doubling our content per vehicle. And in our instrumentation test business for data center compute, we continue to work with customers on reducing their system complexity and getting to market faster. Our innovative solutions combine our analog mixed-signal and power micro-module portfolios. These solutions deliver four times the channel density, while simultaneously increasing throughput. While these are just two examples, there are many more across all of our markets. It's this current flurry of design activity that positions ADI to accelerate post pandemic.  Our third priority is capitalizing on secular trends to expand our addressable markets and drive diversified growth. While every downturn has its own unique characteristics, they all seem to have one thing in common that is they drive tremendous change. Industries are prioritizing digitalization and connectivity more than ever and new industries are emerging focused on the physical and cyber. ADI where the data is born is at the center of these exciting secular growth opportunities. And I wanted to share some thoughts with you today. As I noted earlier, our healthcare business is providing several of the technologies that are critical to the diagnosis and treatment of COVID-19. Taking a step back, ADI has been committed to this market for many years, as we anticipated the opportunity for innovation to deliver better patient outcomes. Now this crisis will challenge us to rethink and hopefully fast track the accessibility, affordability and wellness focus of global healthcare. To achieve this, healthcare systems are going to need to be upgraded and clinical grade patient monitoring will need to be extended from the hospital right down to the patient's home. Massive adoption of sensing, computing, and cloud capabilities is going to be required. And we believe that ADI Technologies will be at the forefront of this transformation. The communications market is moving at a rapid pace to keep up with the strains put on bandwidth and latency, as more people work remotely, transact business more digitally, and consume media from everywhere. Here ADI is playing a critical role in building out the infrastructure required from an always connected world. Our integrated transceiver, power, and optical control portfolios are enabling customers to economically scale their investments to build the next-generation networks. We continue to innovate to meet future performance, size, and power needs positioning us to gain share to capture additional value. Another secular trend we're benefiting from is the rise of Industry 4.0. While this trend isn't so new, the pandemic is moving it to the forefront of our customers' needs. It's clear that post-pandemic supply chains will be re-imagined and new ones will be built, ones that are more flexible, automated, and perhaps sovereign. To solve the economic burden that comes with this, customers will further automate their businesses with intelligent and connected factory floors and the increased use of robots, cobots and analytics. This creates additional demand for our precision signal chain and power franchises and extends ADI into new areas like software IO, depth sensing, condition-based monitoring, and robust connectivity. Outside of these secular growth trends, I'm also personally inspired by the tremendous sustainability benefits that we've seen in a short amount of time. For example, we've seen sizable decreases in carbon-dioxide, nitrous oxide, and carbon monoxide. I believe that ADI and the industry at large can and should be leveraging its creative brainpower to be better stewards of the planet. We recently published our comprehensive corporate responsibility report entitled Engineering Good. And I can assure you, there will be more to come as I'm deeply committed to ADI's leadership here. So, in closing, the shape of the economic recovery is still very, very uncertain and dependent on many variables. While we're confident in our outlook provided today. This unprecedented macro backdrop will continue to influence supply and demand dynamics for some time to come. We are embracing the short-term challenges and by leveraging the collective power of our talents, our technology and customer engagements, I'm very confident we will emerge stronger. So, with that, I'd like to turn it over to Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our second quarter earnings call. As a reminder, my comments today with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses will be on an adjusted basis, which exclude special items outlined in today's press release. Back in March, we would do our guidance for the second quarter as the spread of COVID created an enormous amount of uncertainty and impacted our supply chain. However, we acted quickly and decisively and I'm pleased to say that our second quarter results were within our original guidance with revenue of 1.32 billion, operating margin of 38%, and EPS of $1.08. Without those capacity limitations, we believe revenue would have been above our original midpoint provided at our first quarter earnings or approximately $50 million higher. So let's get into the market results. Our B2B markets while very volatile intra-quarter due to COVID-19 performed relatively in line with our expectations. B2B revenue increased 3% sequentially. And if not for supply constraints we would have delivered on our outlook of growing mid to high single-digits sequentially. Notably, we achieved these results, while reducing channel inventory by 60 million in the quarter. Industrial, which represented 54% of revenue during the quarter, finished up 4% sequentially, and declined 8% year-over-year. While we experienced broad-based weakness across most applications, our healthcare memory test and energy verticals all grew from the year ago period. Communications, which accounted for 21% of revenue, finished up 15% sequentially and given the tough compare decreased 24% year-over-year with weakness across both wireless and wired. This market is and will remain lumpy, but over the long-term will be a high growth market for ADI, given our positioning in 5G and optical control systems. Automotive, which represented 14% of revenue, down 12% sequentially and 23% year-over-year with declines across all major applications. Not surprisingly our auto business was impacted by lower vehicle sales and a global slowdown in production. As many customers were required to suspend their operations in response to COVID-19. Lastly consumer, which represented 11% of revenue was down 14% sequentially, and 5% year-over-year, as lower consumer spending impacted both portables and prosumer. Notably, we continue to expect 2020 to be the bottom for our consumer sector. Let's go to the P&L for the second quarter. Gross margin came in at 67.7% down both sequentially and year-over-year related to low utilizations from reduced production levels and the factory closures I mentioned earlier. As a reminder, we expect to realize 100 million of cost of goods savings exiting fiscal 2021 through the optimization of our manufacturing footprint. OpEx was 390 million, down 5% sequentially marking the sixth consecutive quarter of declines. This was driven by a combination of the quick aggressive measures we took in response to pandemic as well as our continued focus on cost management. Operating margin finished at 38% up over 100 basis points sequentially and down year-over-year. Non-GAAP expenses were 49 million, up sequentially, but down over 10 million compared to last year. Our tax rate for the quarter was approximately 11% and all told second quarter adjusted EPS came in at $1.08. So now let's go to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, we proactively bolstered our strong liquidity position. We retired a $300 million bond and subsequently raised $400 million from the semiconductor industry's first ever green bond. And as a cautionary measure, we also temporarily suspended our share repurchase program midway through the quarter. As a result, we finished the quarter with approximately 800 million of cash and about 5.6 in total debt. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio is 1.9 times on a trailing 12 month basis. Between cash on our balance sheet and the commitments under our revolving credit facility, ADI has more than 2 billion of liquidity easily eclipsing our annual dividend payment and the debt due in January of 2021. Inventory was essentially flat from the first quarter. However, days of inventory fell to 126 from 133. Our sell-in revenue was well below our sell-through revenue at distributors. As I mentioned, we reduced channel inventory by about 60 million in the second quarter. This brings our total channel reduction to around 100 million in the first half of fiscal 2020. Channel inventory currently sits comfortably at the low end of our seven to eight week range. So finishing on cash flow for the quarter, cash flow from ops was 429 million and CapEx was 60 million. We expect CapEx to decline meaningfully in the second half and finished the year below our normal target range of 4% of revenue. In the quarter, ADI paid approximately 230 million in dividends and repurchased 114 million of our stock. On a trailing 12-month basis, free cash flow finished at 1.8 billion or 32% of revenue. Over this period, we reduced debt by roughly 400 million and returned around 830 million to shareholders via dividends and an additional 500 million via repurchases. As a reminder, our capital return policy is to return all free cash flow after debt reduction to shareholders. In fiscal 2020, we expect to reduce debt by 300 million to 500 million and return 100% of the remaining free cash flow. Before moving to our outlook, I want to highlight what we are seeing in terms of demand and supply. As Vince mentioned earlier, our business is performing quite well under the current macro backdrop. Healthcare is very strong and we expect this strength to persist into the back half of the year. We are seeing robust demand in communications across both wireless from 5G deployments and wireline from data center and networking upgrades. This strength is benefiting our industrial instrumentation business where we sell high performance solutions used in both memory and 5G testing. And lastly defense is typically a steady business against all economic backdrop. All told, these markets represent almost half of ADI's revenue over the last year. From a supply standpoint, we enter our fiscal third quarter at normal capacity levels. This is quite remarkable and I want to echo Vince's appreciation for the dedicated manufacturing teams across the world. And that brings us to our third quarter outlook. Revenue is expected to be flat sequentially at 1.32 billion plus or minus 70 million, which is a wider range than usual to account for the uncertain environment. This outlook includes approximately 50 million of revenue that was pushed from second quarter due to capacity constraints. We are assuming no change in channel inventory in this plan. We anticipate robust sequential growth in comms, modest sequential declines in industrial and consumer, and a sharp sequential decline in automotive. All told, B2B should increase slightly sequentially and decline just under 10% year-over-year. We anticipate op margins to be approximately 38.3 plus or minus 150 bps. We're planning for the tax rate in the quarter to be between 12% and 13% and based on these inputs adjusted EPS is expected to be a $1.08 plus or minus $0.11. As Vince said, we are confident in our third quarter outlook, but we are mindful of the tremendous uncertainty around us. Our operating model is to plan conservatively and execute aggressively to preserve free cash flow in the near-term. At the same time, we remain focused on the long-term, continuing to invest to capture and create value across several exciting secular growth areas. Let me pass it back to Mike now to start our Q&A.
Michael Lucarelli: Okay. Thank you, Prashanth. Now let's get to our Q&A session. Please limit yourself to one question. After our initial response, we'll give you an opportunity for a follow-up questions. Cheryl, can we have our first question please.
Operator: Our first question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes, good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question and congratulations on the solid results, given the backdrop. Vince, I guess, the question I'm getting this morning from investors is just relative to your July quarter guidance. Most of your peers have been guiding anywhere from 10 to 15 percentage points below seasonal. You guys are guiding about five percentage points below seasonal. And I guess the question that's being asked is, to what extent are you just not being as conservative as your peers. To what extent are there some idiosyncratic drivers. Could you help us parse that out?
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, John. So I think first and foremost. We've seen tremendous strength in our healthcare business over the last quarter and we expect that will also continue. And also generally speaking with virtualized commerce, work from home, we're seeing again very, very strong demand for the communications products. The optical cable portfolios of ADI are doing particularly well and of course 5G especially in China and Asia, the 5G build-out is moving at pace. So what we're seeing, what we are predicting looking ahead is based on the order streams that we've seen and whatever - what others are predicting. We feel comfortable based on the strength in the areas I've just mentioned. Our defense business continues - continues quite strong. Also businesses attached to let's say the build-out of data centers and cloud like advanced instrumentation test systems for memory, storage and so on and so forth are also doing particularly well. So the overall industrial business holds in there. As Prashanth said, we probably see a modest decline, a seasonal decline in the third quarter. So overall they are the drivers. And as Prashanth said we expect a steep decline in the automotive business, but when you look at the puts and takes that's how we see the quarter shaping up.
John Pitzer: That's helpful, Vince. And then just maybe - go ahead Prashanth.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I was going to give a little bit more background on kind of the orders and outlook, which may help investors as to why our guide came in where it is. So very quickly kind of as expected Feb was weak, March came back very strong largely driven by China, but also some pretty strong demand outside from customer concerns and then it began to correct. So April was soft, continued into May. We finished with kind of book-to-bill above 1.0 in all of our markets except auto. So as we thought about the outlook - we've built our outlook on the expectation that orders are going to continue to slow through the quarter or best case stabilize. The guide that we have out there is built on a 100% backlog coverage, which is much higher than we would normally use when we were at this point in the quarter. We're working terms with our customers and we are enforcing them pretty stringently, so any customers or disty orders are non-cancellable within a 35-day window unless we agree to grant an exception. So that's helping to kind of clean through the backlog and limit order cancellations. So all-in, I think, the assumptions are reasonable given the amount of uncertainty and we did put a little bit wider range on there plus or minus 70 to reflect the uncertainty.
John Pitzer: That's great color, guys. And then Vince just as my follow-up. As you mentioned in your prepared comments, the concept of Industry 4.0 has been around for a while, but it does seem like COVID has the potential of actually shining a spotlight on that in a way that we have. And I guess in my mind that probably also helps the 5G build-out because it's hard to have an intelligent factory floor without that 5G backbone, but I was hoping maybe you could help us define that market opportunity for you. When you look at sort of the intelligent factory floor, what percent of your industrial business is it today, and how should we think about potential growth rate three to five years out, if this really starts to accelerate?
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question, John. I would say today what we would consider to be Industry 4.0 with a highly cloud connected industrial sector is quite small. I think today it's probably less than 10% of the total installations of factory automation and process control systems, but the intelligence we're getting from many of our customers now is that there are two things driving the need for the redeployment of industry. So it's probably three things. One, the need for them to understand how to gather and utilize data analytics to improve the outcomes for their customers. So that assumes automatically that you deploy 5G, you deploy optical connectivity, many forms of shorter robust connectivity. I think also the - we are seeing the fragility of the supply chain globally. And customers are telling us they're expecting to bring more machine capability into managing the supply chain. And I think thirdly is the regionalization or the [suburbanization] [ph] of supply chains and we can see the pressures there globally. And not to mention the demographics, many of the societies that are producing lots of capital goods and consumer good outputs like Germany, China and as America begins to regionalize supply chain, we're likely to see the adoption of cobotics and more robotics technologies in general. So I think there's a long way to go, John. We're in the early innings of the Industrial 4.0, the adoption of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel. Your line is open.
Tore Svanberg: Thank you and congratulations on the results. First question is for Vince. Vince, you talked quite a bit about sort of investing in this time frame and you highlighted, again, medical and industrial. What about the automotive market, are you seeing sort of a secular change there, are you still investing or will you still be investing as heavily in automotive going forward.
Vincent Roche: Well, we've actually been ramping, Tore, our investments in automotive, particularly, in the infotainment, the power side of things and also the electrification of the vehicle, the electric powertrain. So right now it's a very, very hard market to read both in terms of demand and of course supply. I think automotive has been extremely hard hit by the closures globally. So we see, I would say, the two areas of most interest to us Tore are the infotainment, the car experience, leveraging for example, our A2B technology, our heritage and digital signal processing and audio signal processing in general adding for example active noise cancellation to the portfolio and we're deploying that, starting to deploy that now. So I think the whole Infotainment side of things is an important part of the go-ahead and that's a place where we've a lot of heritage and we're actually increasing investment. We just acquired a company actually during the quarter to enable us to bring more signal processing to the audio space. In the electric vehicle area, I think, it's got a long, long road ahead of it. As the electrification today the powertrain the - as a portion of overall car sales only about one certainly less than 2% of total car sales. So a long, long way to go. And that's an area where we have strong position. We're on our fourth or fifth generation of technology node product delivery to that sector. So I'd say in those areas we are actually increasing investments. Power is another area, the cross-connective power into our business particularly in Europe and the US. That's an important initiative and we're seeing some very good green shoots there in terms of early stage production of designs - of power designs that we've attached to the signal processing portfolio. I think it's also true to say, Tore, that probably on the safety side of things, we've been decreasing our investments over the last several years, partly in MEMS. You'll recall three, four years ago. We withdrew most of our investments in that area. So I would say safety is more opportunistic, infotainment and electric powertrain more strategic.
Michael Lucarelli: And, Tore, do you have follow-up?
Tore Svanberg: Yes, that was very helpful. A follow-up for Prashanth. Prashanth, I do realize obviously right now the orders are kind of all over the place. But if we start to see deterioration, what would be the company's playbook especially on things like manufacturing utilization inventory because it seems like some of your peers have different playbooks. Just wondering what ADI's playbook will be in response to potentially weaker or continuous weaker orders? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure, yes. So, Tore, let's do that in two pieces. First, think about how we manage our cost. So, right, in the near-term how we think about cost and you've seen it in the OpEx results already. We have a variable comp structure that is intended to act as a shock absorber and that unwinds as revenue falls. On the discretionary side, we've already proven hiring. We've essentially got travel at zero. We've exited consultants and any discretionary contractors and perhaps most impactful is we've deferred our merit increase, which is usually 2%, 3% year-over-year. We are on track to realize about 35 million of synergies that we announced last year in November. And we still have $100 million of cost synergies that will come through by the end of 2021. So there are some more permanent actions that we can take. And we have taken in the past such as furloughing employees until demand returns. We did this back in 2008, 2009. We would certainly put activities like temporary actions on the table. So there are all items that we'll think about. On the manufacturing side I would emphasize that our utilizations are fairly low right now. So we're kind of at the trough levels. Inventories are we feel at a good position. So I don't think we have kind of the same inventory exposure that we would have had at the same time last year. We've reduced on the balance sheet as well as in the channel. So, overall, I think we're well positioned if this breaks up or should it break down. Maybe Vincent you want to talk a bit more about kind of longer term.
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think, Tore, we feel good about the stability, the diversity and stability of our business and what the profit margins we generate as a company. We're investing to make sure we come out of this trough, a stronger company both in terms of product development as well as customer engagement. So we also believe very strongly in the persistence and the pervasiveness of our technologies. So I believe that the story for ADI get stronger with the tailwinds that we have and the portfolio that we have for the future. So look, overall, our goal is to take advantage of the disarray. And while - I think Prashanth said in his prepared remarks we're preparing for the worst, but we're executing aggressively for the future.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the good execution. I'm curious, Vince, what in the communications segment just near term. Did you see any level of pull-in from China or Huawei in either April our July and then as we get beyond the current environment, do you see any further impact from all the restrictions on Huawei or do you think that share will be shifted over to Huawei's competitors. So longer term you can start to regrow your communication segment?
Vincent Roche: Well, Vivek, let me answer the second part of your question first. So we have tremendous coverage. We've got very strong market share across all the providers all the OEMs of - for 5G across the globe. So irrespective, I mean, the networks are going to get built. And whoever builds and will be using our stuff, our transceiver technologies, our microwave portfolios, many, many other ancillary analog technologies. And so I feel good about the position that we're in. If share shifts from one to the other we will pick it up. And so the - yes in terms of demand, I would say, we have reconciled. So it's pretty clear what the carriers are saying about the deployment of 5G globally right now. Our reconciliation in terms of how we balance the demand of the carriers is with - it is very tightly tied to our supply. So we have a good sense for what the carriers are looking for and that's how we're planning essentially the factory loadings to support this particular area. So I don't think I mean you asked about are we seeing double ordering and so on and so forth. What is characteristic in the base station infrastructure market over many, many years is that get gyrations when a set of contracts are coming due. You see some level of, I would say, core need and a certain amount of redundancy built in, but it's pretty typical. What we're seeing right now in terms of 5G is no different. What we've seen in terms of the dynamics how 4G operated in terms of demand.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I'll remember on the call, what we said publicly about that large customer in China. A year ago we talked about them being a mid single-digit customer. They've been reduced meaningfully since that time. They're more around the low single-digit percent of sales today. And as we look forward to our third quarter and beyond, we don't see that changing from there. Do you have a follow-up?
Vivek Arya: Yes. Very helpful. Thank you. On gross margins, how should we think about the trajectory from here given all the puts and takes of mix and I think Prashant you mentioned fab under-utilization, but then you also mentioned some of the cost synergies. So let's assume sales stay at similar levels even going into your Q4 what can gross margins do then? Thank you.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Yes, good question, Vivek. So our model is 70% long-term and you saw that in good times we can get upto 72% plus and in more challenging times like now we're sort of in the high '60s. So through and through a cycle, we can average 70%. Getting to 70% is very macro dependent as demand gets better, we are going to get utilization tailwind. We have, as I mentioned, utilizations are near trough levels now. We have - what we have in our favor is an additional 100 million of costs of good synergies. So that should begin to give some tailwind as well to our gross margins. And then as 2021 returned to kind of growth numbers then I feel that - it's reasonable for us to kind of get back to that 70% level.
Michael Lucarelli: Cheryl on the call - on the interest of time, we're going to go to one question per caller to get through a bit more.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ambrish Srivastava: Prashant, I had a question for you on a couple of quick ones, OpEx trajectory. How should we be thinking about it? And then on capital allocation, is it fair to assume that given all the volatility that share buybacks stays paused for now?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So for OpEx we are in our sixth quarter of consecutive improvement in OpEx. Some of that was - is clearly actively managing the spend levels down. But some of it is also the result of this COVID situation where travel is at a freeze. I think it's reasonable to expect that as businesses reopen and customer expectations start to change and we need to get back in front of folks that some of that is going to climb and as well as some other discretionary spend will come back in. So I wouldn't run this level of OpEx out too long, but I think you've seen that we have been incredibly diligent with managing our OpEx over the last year and a half and that's a muscle that ADI has built and we're not going to let that go. In terms of how to think about the capital allocation. Our framework really hasn't changed. The first call is to invest in the business and you know whether that is organic or inorganic. And then after that it's really 100% return of free cash flow after debt repayments. So the plan for 2020, we increased the dividend by 15%. We're still intending to reduce debt by 300 million to 500 million in this fiscal year and then everything after that goes back to shareholders either through dividend or share repo. So I would expect that we would be - if the business holds out that we would be reactivating the share repo in the coming quarters.
Michael Lucarelli: We'll go to our next caller please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Seymore: Congrats on the strong results in challenging times. I just wanted to go back to the automotive side. You said it would be down sharply. So just a couple of questions on that. Do you mean sequentially year-over-year or both and given the timing of when the auto factories have been shut down and then are turning back on. How are you viewing the shape of that recovery and how much of that turning back on dynamic influences your thoughts for both your July guide and your October outlook conceptually?
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks for the question, Ross. So I think first and foremost we expect sequential and annual declines. It is extremely hard to read the automotive sector right now. I think it's easier to predict how factories will reopen and how supply will happen. I think the bigger question is what is going to happen with demand. And I think the way we view it is that we don't understand the pace of reopenings right now and at what level of utilization or capacity will they operate. So I would say we think it will be tough going for the remainder of this year in automotive. And perhaps we'll start to see a recovery in the first half of the coming year. So that's how we're viewing it. So the area that we feel kind of most conviction around in terms of demand will be for electric vehicles where our portfolio is making very strong headway, which was originally centered really in China into Europe and of course America as well. So very, very hard to read, I would say, but my sense is that remainder of this year will be tough and we start to see off a pretty poultry bottom I think some recovery in the first half of '21.
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Ross, I would say, that is reflected in our guide. We're relatively bearish on automotive in our guidance.
Michael Lucarelli: Cheryl, we'll have our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Good morning and congrats on the strong results. Vince, I wanted to ask about your BMS business specifically. How did that business trend in the quarter? What's the outlook into July? And if you can give us an update on customer traction with your wireless BMS solution into the back half of the year and potentially into fiscal year 2021, that would be helpful? Thank you.
Vincent Roche: Yes, so overall in the quarter just gone, we saw a modest decline, I would say, in our BMS revenues, but our design and hit rates are very, very strong. We're set to - at the present time we have somewhere in the region of 40% to 45% market share in BMS. And we believe that share will grow above 50% given the design pipeline that we have and the commitments that we have from customers across the globe. As I mentioned in the previous - the previous answer there. We managed to take what was a very channel-centric BMS business. We've been taking it across the globe and that's for essentially the non-wireless set of things. The wireless battery. We are expecting to see our first production of that particular product happen in the kind of I think the second half of 2021. So that's how we see it. We are in a great position I think right now in North America, China and we're also beginning to penetrate Japan and Europe, I think, is in the early stages of adoption at any kind of meaningful level and I feel good about where we are there. So and our portfolio is highly differentiated. There are many pretenders out there, but when it comes to optimizing the miles per charge we got more than 20% gain in that - along that metric. So overall it's a 1% to 2% penetration of the car sector. It will probably go to 25% over the next five, 10 years and we're in a very, very good position to see the tailwinds from that as time plays out here.
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Toshiya. We'll go to our last question, please.
Operator: And our last question comes from Chris Danely from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Danely: I guess more of a clarification and a question. So you mentioned that you've seen a little bit of weakness in the April May bookings. Does the guide take into account further weakening in the bookings i.e. did you build any cushion or are you assuming stability from here on out?
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, so I think we feel good about our guide, Chris. We don't put a guide out there that we don't think we can based on what we know today we can get to orders were down in April. May was at a slower pace. Our expectation in the guide is that orders continue to slow through the quarter or best case might stabilize. We've got good coverage from the backlog more than we normally do. So we're prepared for some cancellations or push outs because we would have. We always have some turns business in there. We're trying to control those cancellations or push outs, as I mentioned, by being be pretty tough on the terms that we have for direct or disty customers and we've also assumed that the channel is relatively flat inventory levels sequentially. So we think we've calibrated the guide as best as we can knowing what we know today.
Operator: Thank you. And I'll turn the call back for closing comments.
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website investor.analog.com and you also find our recently published ESG report, engineering good there as well. Thanks again for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices. Stay healthy.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-02-18 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Analog Devices First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web.
 I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Cheryl. And good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our first quarter fiscal 2020 conference call.
 With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com.
 Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and in our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 Our comments today about ADI's first quarter fiscal 2020 financial results and short-term outlook will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing results to historical performance, special items are also excluded from their prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release.
 And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everybody. While our first quarter results were in line with our expectations, as you'll have seen, importantly, we managed our operating costs and working capital effectively to position ourselves to deliver margin expansion in the quarters ahead.
 Before I discuss the quarterly highlights, I'd like to address the coronavirus outbreak. First and foremost, our top priority is the health and safety of those affected and, of course, our employees. We're doing everything we can to provide our customers with the support they need to minimize disruption to their businesses. While the situation remains fluid, we are monitoring it closely. Prashanth will expand on the financial implications in just a while.
 So now on to the first quarter. Revenue was $1.3 billion, down versus the prior year, but in line with our expectations. Operating margin was approximately 37%, a decline versus last year due to lower revenue and our decision to lower utilization. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.03, above the midpoint of guidance. Over the trailing 12 months, we generated approximately $2 billion of free cash flow, equating to a 35% free cash flow margin, and this continues to place us in the top 10% of the S&P 500.
 On our call last quarter, we shared our priorities for 2020, and I'd like to give you an update on our progress so far. Priority 1 is the efficient use of our capital. The first call on our capital is funding new product development activities. In the first quarter, we invested over $250 million in R&D, with more than 90% of this spend targeting the most attractive opportunities across our B2B markets. For example, an area of increased focus for ADI is our power franchise. Here, we've been increasing R&D to enhance our strong position in the broad market and to extend into new opportunities across areas like data center, automotive and 5G infrastructure. Our power design win momentum remains strong, and we expect to double the LTC historical revenue growth rates in the years ahead of us. At the same time, we remain committed to delivering strong shareholder returns. In the first quarter, we returned over $300 million to shareholders and we just announced a 15% increase to our quarterly dividend.
 Priority 2 is deepening customer centricity. As I've shared before, the combination of our broad product portfolio, domain expertise and manufacturing capabilities sets ADI apart. We're always anticipating the technology needs of our customers and engaging with them early in order to solve their toughest challenges.
 And I'd like to share just a few examples specific to our automotive segment with you now. Our A2B platform continues to gain traction in the cabin electronics ecosystem. By leveraging our platform portfolio, we're opening up new applications for our customers such as active noise cancellation. In the quarter, Hyundai became the 14th auto manufacturer to incorporate our A2B technology. And together, we announced the industry's first all-digital road noise cancellation system. With the rise of active noise cancellation, we're creating stickier customer relationships due to the integration of our hardware and software capabilities while increasing our SAM per vehicle.
 There's also a lot of intensity and urgency in OEMs moving towards electric powertrains. We were an early player in the market, partnering with industry leaders to improve the efficiency of the battery in electric vehicles. As a result, our BMS solutions are delivering greater miles per charge and monitoring battery health more accurately. In the U.S. electric vehicle market, we're benefiting from near-term strength as customers ramp production, and new design wins across future models will help us to deliver on our long-term objective of growing BMS revenue at a double-digit rate.
 Priority 3 is capitalizing on secular trends to expand our addressable markets and drive diversified growth. We've previously discussed with you key secular trends across our company such as 5G, electric vehicles, factory automation and data center. Now today I'd like to spend some time on the space market, perhaps a more obscure subsegment of our industrial sector. Our space customers' challenges are not just around RF, signal processing and power management. Space solutions must also perform under extreme cosmic radiation and conditions of high temperatures. We solve these challenges through the combination of our comprehensive product portfolio and the passive knowledge base built over many decades of serving this market. While space represents a couple of percent of ADI's total revenue today, it commands stellar margins, and we see potential to double the business over the next 5 years.
 Now let me share a little more with you about why this sector is exciting to us. The space market is rapidly evolving. Over the last decade, unprecedented levels of capital have gravitated towards this vertical, thereby increasing the number of privately funded space companies by 20x. Therefore, new technologies and capabilities are emerging that are leading to new opportunities for ADI. This includes the advent of low Earth orbit or LEO communication satellites. These satellites are becoming the new frontier in space with forecasts suggesting that by 2020, over 20,000 will be in orbit, up from just hundreds today.
 To provide some context, LEO satellites differ from today's geostationary or geo satellites. Technologically, they provide lower latency and higher bandwidth, which enable real-time communication. Operationally, they continuously change their position relative to the earth and only stay connected with a given terminal for approximately 10 minutes. As a result, the number of terrestrial terminals that communicate with these satellites, whether they're on the ground or in the air, will grow into the millions with the proliferation of LEO satellites. To succeed in creating this network, both satellites and terminals must be capable of being steered. But so this requires an exponential increase in channel count enabled through phased array antennas, an architecture that is used in 5G networks already today. And as you can imagine, more channels packed into smaller form factors is increasing thermal and power hurdles. To help solve the engineering challenges of creating this ubiquitous and always-connected LEO network, our customers are increasingly turning to ADI, looking to us to not only be a supplier, but indeed, a key system architect.
 So we're engaging with customers early in their design process to develop end-to-end solutions from antenna to bits, combined with power capabilities, to deliver the required performance and, of course, robustness. Our ability to provide a comprehensive portfolio of space-grade solutions across the entire analog spectrum from RF and signal chain to power is unique. And this cannot be completely replicated by any of our competitors, making ADI the go-to supplier for our traditional OEMs as well as the next wave of disruptors. All told, we see the LEO communications satellite plan becoming at least 4x the size of geo over the next 5 years. And with LEO's shorter refresh cycle compared to today's satellites, we expect our space business to deliver a steadier stream of revenue in the years ahead.
 In summary, space has the potential to be a meaningful growth driver and unlock value across other verticals as well. Once fully operational, these LEO networks will provide real-time, reliable high-speed connections globally, ushering in opportunities from autonomous driving to telesurgery.
 So in closing, and speaking broadly about ADI, I believe demand for our solutions will be unprecedented as technological innovation underpinned by ubiquitous sensing, hyperscale and edge computing and pervasive connectivity continues to grow rapidly. And as I look ahead, I believe we're very well positioned to deliver sustainable, profitable growth and, indeed, strong shareholder returns.
 So with that, I'll hand it over to Prashanth. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Let me add my welcome to our first quarter earnings call. My comments today, with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses, will be on an adjusted basis which excludes special items outlined in today's press release.
 ADI delivered a solid first quarter. Revenue came in line with our outlook as we meaningfully reduced channel inventory. And through our disciplined spending, operating margin and EPS were above the midpoint of guidance. We also raised our quarterly dividend to $0.62, an increase of 15%, the high end of our target range of 7% to 15%.
 The dividend is the cornerstone of our capital allocation policy, and this represents the 17th increase over the last 16 years. These consistent increases reflect our commitment to strong shareholder returns as well as our optimism about the long-term prospects for our business.
 Before getting into the income statement, let me first cover the end markets. In line with our expectations, our first quarter B2B revenue declined 15% year-over-year as better-than-expected industrial demand was balanced by softer communications activity. Industrial, which represented 53% of revenue during the quarter, declined 7% year-over-year. As we forecasted, most applications within this highly diversified business declined, while aerospace and defense once again grew double digits year-over-year.
 Communications, which represents 18% of revenue during the quarter, decreased 31% year-over-year as wireless and wired both declined. While communications is an inherently lumpy market, our position has never been stronger or more balanced across the ecosystem. We are at the early stages of the global 5G rollout, which we continue to expect will be a multiyear tailwind.
 Our auto business, which represented 16% of revenues during the quarter, declined 16% year-over-year due to weakness across all applications. As Vince highlighted, we remain confident in auto due to our strong pipeline of customer wins, especially in our infotainment platform and our market-leading BMS position. 
 And lastly, consumer, which represents 13% of revenue during the first quarter, declined 20% due to portable applications. As we said in our last earnings call, we expect 2020 to be the bottom for our consumer segment.
 Now on to the P&L. Gross margin came in at 68.5%, up slightly sequentially and down 180 basis points year-over-year as favorable mix was offset by lower utilization. As a reminder, fab utilization was near trough levels this quarter in order to reduce our balance sheet and our channel inventories. OpEx in the quarter was $412 million, down 4% sequentially and down 8% year-over-year. In light of the softer revenue environment, we've curtailed spending and have delivered sequential OpEx declines in each of the past 5 quarters. As a reminder, we plan to exit fiscal 2020 with $50 million of annualized savings across cost of goods sold and OpEx.
 Operating margin finished at approximately 37%, above the guided midpoint. Non-op expenses were $47 million, down $3 million sequentially and $9 million year-over-year, driven by lower interest expense. Our tax rate for the quarter was approximately 12%. All told, first quarter adjusted EPS came in above the midpoint of guide at $1.03.
 Now moving on to the balance sheet. As we planned, inventory was reduced by about $20 million or 4% sequentially. Despite this reduction, our inventory days increased to 133 due to the lower level of revenue. Recall that our target for inventory days is 115 to 125. But during the process of closing 2 legacy LTC facilities, we do expect to carry an additional 5 to 10 days of bridge inventory to support our customers.
 We also reduced channel inventory by approximately $40 million in the first quarter and plan to reduce channel inventory in the second quarter again but to a lesser degree. CapEx in the quarter was $55 million or about 4% of revenue, and we expect to end fiscal 2020 slightly below our 4% long-term target. On a trailing 12-month basis, free cash flow finished at $2 billion or a free cash flow margin of about 35%. Over this period, we have returned more than 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks after debt repayments. We paid approximately $200 million in dividends and repurchased $106 million of our stock in the first quarter. We still plan to pay down between $300 million to $500 million of debt in fiscal 2020.
 Now we'll provide some context on our recent business trends and our current view on the coronavirus. In the first quarter, we saw signs of stabilization as we expected. Orders trended better throughout the quarter and have overall remained relatively resilient into the second quarter. However, unsurprisingly, we have begun to see weaker demand in China related to the extended Chinese New Year and ongoing business disruption. As such, our outlook assumes that China demand for industrial, automotive and consumer is minimal for all of February before returning to a more normal level in the last 2 months of our second quarter. And we are assuming an impact on our communications business due to the high likelihood of a delay in the 5G rollout. So while forecasting business dynamics in China is very difficult today, our guidance reflects our best estimates.
 So looking ahead to Q2, revenue is expected to be $1.35 billion, plus or minus $50 million. This includes an approximately $70 million revenue reduction due to the near-term risks with -- associated with the coronavirus. And as I said earlier, we expect to reduce channel inventory again but to a much lesser degree than in the first quarter. At the midpoint of $1.35 billion, we expect B2B revenue in the aggregate to increase mid- to high single digits sequentially with growth across all of our B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications.
 Based on the midpoint of guidance, op margin is expected to be up sequentially to approximately 37.5%. We are planning for our tax rate to be between 10% and 12% for the quarter, and we are improving our fiscal 2020 outlook to between 11% and 13%. Based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.10, plus or minus $0.08.
 While we are mindful of the uncertainty around this, I echo Vince's optimism. We are encouraged by near-term trends that point to a stabilization and improvement across end markets, and we are extremely confident in the long-term growth opportunities for ADI.
 Let me give it back to Mike now to start our Q&A. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Okay. Let's get to our Q&A session. 
Michael Lucarelli: [Operator Instructions] Operator, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. 
Jamie Zakalik: This is Jamie Zakalik on for Vivek. So similar to peers, you guys noted some stabilizing and improving trends in end markets in the January quarter, but it seems that growth has actually decelerated across all the end markets. So I guess are the improving trends more in the -- in February, even with a lot of these virus headwinds? And is it specific to any end market or geography? Or is it more broad-based? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So Jamie, I think the first quarter was in line with what we expected. So there was deceleration going into the first quarter. Now remember that in this quarter, we undershipped the channel. And as I said in my prepared comments, we undershipped by $40 million. So on a revenue rec basis, PO ship-in was $40 million below sell-through. As we go into the second quarter, orders were improving over the course of the first quarter, and we expect that to continue into the second quarter with this note that we made on disruption in China where we believe some of this demand is going to get pushed out to future quarters. So I do think that our view here is that we've sort of bottomed out and it gets better from here through subsequent quarters. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Maybe I can add a little bit of color as well from a market perspective on that. So what we're seeing is -- in spite of what looks like a delayed 5G employment -- deployment in China, in the second quarter, we're expecting growth, actually quite good growth, in our communications 5G sector as well as wireline. And that growth is becoming a little more broad-based. We're seeing, I would say, green shoots in the factory automation and process control side of things as well, which is a significant part of ADI's industrial business, and also gathering strength in the ATE sector. And from an automotive standpoint, we're seeing particular strength in our business in America as well as Europe at this point in time. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Vince, I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more there on 5G. You said it's becoming a more broad-based business. Just trying to understand geographically where the growth is coming from, because, obviously, it's not coming from China near term. So if you could elaborate on that, that'd be great. 
Vincent Roche: Well, I think, Tore, China has taken a pause. Asia is still, at this point in time, in terms of deployments today, Asia is by far the strongest in 5G. I think what we're seeing is the -- probably a faster roll off in 4G than we had anticipated. 5G has taken a bit of a pause in China but is set -- based on what we see in terms of demand, is set for a ramp during the second quarter. And also, I pointed out that wireline for ADI in general, whether it's data center, whether it's metro or long-haul networks, is doing quite well. So as we've come into the second quarter, our book-to-bill has been -- is well above 1, and that gives us the confidence in the growing strength of that business through the second quarter here. 
Michael Lucarelli: Tore, do you have a follow-up? 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Just a quick one. Prashanth, you did a good job lowering channel inventory. It sounds like you're going to lower a bit more again this quarter. Could you maybe give us some targets either by weeks or what dollar amount are you trying to lower than buy? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Well, I think, Tore, we had mentioned in the -- in our first quarter -- or fourth quarter call that our goal was to get back to our target range by the end of the second quarter. It may take us a little bit longer now given we didn't include the impact of the coronavirus in the top line. So we're still heading towards the same channel inventory target that we'd had before but with a bit of a softer top line. I think it might actually be end of third quarter before we're back in range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: Your automotive business was down 16% in the quarter, which was in line with your guidance. But relative to peers, a little worse on a year-over-year basis. Vince and Prashanth, you guys talked about your optimism around some of the design win activities in BMS and infotainment. But in the near term, what's driving kind of the double-digit decline in your automotive business? Is that mostly channel inventory reduction? Or are you losing share? I guess, more importantly, how are you guys thinking about kind of the through-cycle growth rate for your automotive business over the next couple of years? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, look, we have been very, very clear. The 2 growth drivers for ADI in the automotive sector are the infotainment area, A2B, active noise cancellation, audio signal processing in general. And of course, BMS has been, over the last couple of years, a double-digit growth driver for ADI. I think in the quarter just passed, BMS, which has a route -- a strong route in China, suffered as a result of the virus. And -- but when we look into the second quarter, we expect our -- as I said, our second quarter has better trends in North America and Europe. So we're expecting modest growth in the second quarter.
 The headwind for ADI has really been the safety sector where our 24-gigahertz radar technology is declining, probably at a rate a little faster than I had expected. And also in the area of MEMS, more of the kind of the passive safety MEMS where we withdrew investment 3 or 4 years ago. So I think we'll begin to bottom out, I think, on those headwinds, specific to safety. We have a new safety modality in 77 gigahertz, which is, by all accounts, very, very exciting for our customers. We will see bottoming, I think, of the MEMS and the 24-gigahertz radar decline.
 So my sense is in the areas we've picked of powertrain, infotainment, we're very, very well positioned to grow those sectors over the next 2, 3, 4 years. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: Prashanth, I had a question on the actual weeks of channel inventory, and I might have missed it, but did you give an actual number? I think you were 8.5 weeks in the prior quarter. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: We did not give a number, Ambrish. The -- what I mentioned is we took the channel inventory down $40 million. But if you do the math, we're still going to be above our target range because the revenue -- the numerator has moved, but the denominator has also shrunk.
 So on a ratio standpoint, the weeks are still high, but we did take a big chunk out, and we're going to take more out in Q2, as we mentioned. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Ambrish? 
Ambrish Srivastava: I did. Vince, maybe for you. In 2 areas, real quick on industrials. What's the right way to think about, given what's going on in China and broader, how to think about return to growth in the industrials business? You guys outperformed last year, but what -- how should we think about year-over-year growth returning?
 And then in comms, we always ask you about wireless. I had a slightly different question. How is -- how are you guys positioned in wireline versus if you look back at 2, 3 years ago? And then what gets you excited about the design wins in -- that should be ramping out in wireline? 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Ambrish. Let me try and address the industrial question first. So we are seeing our aerospace and defense business continue to grow at double-digit rates annually. We are seeing, as I said a little earlier on, the factory automation side of things outside of Asia is on, I'd say, a solid improvement in its demand pattern. I think inventory hangover has largely been taken out of the equation in the industrial sector.
 So I think when you look -- when we look at the impact of the virus in China, we're not expecting really anything in the industrial sector in terms of shipments there for the month of February. But all that said, we're -- we have a very solid book-to-bill in the industrial sector, and we will get, I think, a decent increase in our top line in industrial during the second quarter.
 On the wireline side of things, our game there is really 2 pieces. We have a very strong -- we have a strong leadership position in optical control systems for data centers. So all of the FANGs, for example, would use our technology in their data centers for control of the optical signal chain and also the cable market, we have a good position there in infrastructure systems. So wireline business has been growing high single digits now for several years, and I don't see any decline in that. I think that will be a decent growth driver for ADI. It runs into the region of $400 million annually in terms of sales at the present time. So I view that very much, Ambrish, as a tailwind for the company. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Let me also add on the industrial side, we did take down general inventory meaningfully. A lot of that relates to industrial. And if you look at industrial, you kind of zoom out and you look at it on a trailing 12-month basis, we're only down low single digits, which is a pretty good performance in a tough macro backdrop, and that goes to the diversity of that business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets. 
Mitch Steves: Great quarter. But I just wanted to clarify a couple of things. I think you guys have done a very good job now kind of talking about your capital allocation, but what I'm having a hard time understanding is kind of the margin mix here. I realize that space and satellite is probably higher margin. I'm guessing like 80%, 90% gross margin. You guys are actually coming down a bit on the gross margin line. Can you maybe talk us through what the gross margin profile should look like in the first half and the second half? And then how that would flow through the operating margin line as well? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Yes. Thanks for the question, Mitch. So I guess, a little bit of background, right? Our model is 70% gross margins sort of long-term model. And in good times, we were operating at 72%. In more challenging times, like now, we're down in the high 60s. So through the cycle, 70%. As we move forward from here, we see 2 things that are going to be impacting margins, both utilization and mix.
 So Q1 represented the trough level of our utilization expectations for the year. So a fair amount of under absorption in our internal manufacturing facilities, that gets better from here on, and that will be tailwind to margins. And also as some of the questions that were asked, Vince mentioned the strength in industrial. We expect industrial to continue to be growing as we move forward. And industrial, in general, is one of our highest margin businesses, so that will also provide tailwind.
 So we -- I would expect that you could see sequential improvement in gross margins through the balance of this year likely getting back to our model margins in the second half, maybe towards the end of the year. 
Mitch Steves: Okay. That's very helpful. And then I just have one follow-up. Just in terms of the seasonality for the business. I think maybe you should probably be taking a little bit of a more conservative view in April just because it sounds like China is going to open up March 1. But when I look at the July quarter going from April to July, should that be, I guess, above seasonal, given that April is depressed from all the macro items that are going on? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: All right. So the guide for our second quarter included a $70 million adjustment that we made at the top for the impact of the coronavirus. And the math that we use to arrive at that is we essentially zeroed out February in China for industrial and auto and consumer, and then we also made an adjustment for communications being pushed -- or the deployment of 5G being pushed out a bit just because of the labor challenges that are going on there. We expect that to begin unwinding in the subsequent months and certainly be back to normal in the third quarter.
 Could it be above normal? That's certainly a possibility. It depends on the timing of how that $70 million comes back. It's our current view that, that is purely a timing shift that, that is not lock demand. But as to when that falls back in, it's hard to say, but the order activity certainly suggests that it's not going away. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: I wanted to zero in first on comm. So it sounds like you're pushing it out. Your prior guidance for comm last year was for it to grow year-over-year, and it feels like you're backing away from that. But the trajectory in the second half on the old guidance was for very strong sequential growth kind of every quarter going forward. How should we be thinking about the trajectory of comm in the second half, I guess, given, I guess, the bump in Q2 versus the profile that was -- that you had in mind 3 months ago when you gave guidance? Do you still expect to see a similar ramp maybe just off a lower base? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So I guess a few things, Stacy. For the first quarter, a little bit lower than we expected, mainly due to the 5G pause that started in the second half of '19. Moving into the second quarter, orders have begun to come back in very much as we expected, and our book-to-bill is above 1. So that's supporting a strong sequential increase in second quarter for both 5G, but also as Vince mentioned, we're seeing some good strength in wireline as has been reported by a number of peers as well.
 The sequential increase is below our initial expectations because of the -- a lot of that was related to 5G timing in China. So I think everything is moving a little bit to the right here. So it's hard for us to say at this point whether the timing of that recovery is still going to put us up year-on-year, but I think we'll have to see how quickly this demand recovers and whether the installations happen as -- is it caught up in the year or not? But we feel very good that this is really a dislocation of demand versus actual loss or destruction. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I'd say one other comment on that, Stacy. Our optimism about what's happening in America relating to 5G has strengthened over the past quarter as well. So yes, we have the disruption in China. It's really a delay of demand rather than destruction. But my own sense is that we probably see more activity at the back end of the year in the U.S. relating to 5G. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up Stacy? 
Stacy Rasgon: I do. So it sounds like also, even though we have the delay because of coronavirus in China, that the order patterns still seem to be very strong. How do we think about the strength of those Chinese orders in relation to potential increases in sanctions that we've been hearing about? Do you feel like there's any sort of scramble on the part of Chinese customers to get out in front of those sanctions? I guess what are you seeing in terms of customer behavior in relation to the regulatory? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think, first off, when you look at the geopolitical machinations, it's actually very hard to figure out what's going on. So -- but I think with our business in general, we have many thousands of customers in China, many thousands of product SKUs, and we see ongoing demand. There are obviously areas where we are restricted, particularly in 5G, but I think the rest of our business right now is in a kind of a normalized market and regulatory situation.
 So the demand we're seeing is -- despite the disruption here because of the virus, the demand in China is actually quite strong across the board otherwise. 
Stacy Rasgon: Let me rephrase the question. If, all of a sudden, like the de minimis threshold gets dropped from 25% to 10% and the foreign direct products will get strengthened, and they put more stuff on the controllers, does that impact how you guys view the trajectory in China as we go through the year? Would you have to reevaluate what you can ship and what you can't? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Well, yes, we would have to reevaluate. But remember that we have adjusted one large communications customer down from traditional mid-single to low single-digit as a percentage of revenue. So that is kind of -- that's the limit of our exposure depending on what happens to that particular customer. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think it very much depends on the scope of what happens. And so far, everything we've seen is relating to one specific area of communication. So unknown, Stacy, but we'll see. Time will tell. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: Just wanted to follow on the comments about the opportunity to double Linear's growth in the coming years. And Prashanth, if you could talk about -- I know there's some gross margin levers as you consolidate manufacturing and just kind of how you're viewing on that in terms of the growth profile versus kind of margins for Linear in the next couple of years. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure, sure. So I'll take the margin side of it. And then in terms of doubling the growth, I'll let Vince comment. On the margin side of it, we have talked about the focus we've got on shutting down 2 facilities. We've taken -- we've made announcements on those. We've actually been able to accelerate some of the savings for the -- for one of the factory closures, so we're going to start seeing some of that benefit in cost of goods sale at the end of this year. But the balance of that $100 million, we see feathering in over 2021. And as we've stated in the Q4 earnings call, our intention is to let -- to kind of let all of that come through the bottom line. So we are not -- we're not looking to redeploy that cost of goods savings. So you should see some lift in our gross margins on an ongoing basis as we exit 2020 and through 2021.
 In terms of kind of the progress we're making to double that Linear growth rate, let me hand that off to Vince. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think we're making good progress, Craig, in trying to equalize the value of the kind of legacy ADI mixed-signal technology value in a given application with power. So we're looking for equivalents. For every dollar of mixed signal, we expect to get $1 of power. And that's what the market opportunity available is.
 I can tell you that our pipeline for the LTC portfolio, specifically power, is up about 40% actually year-over-year. And we're moving into production down the automotive sector, the communication wireless sector. Wired, we're in early volume production as well. So we expect to see those areas ramp in terms of meaningful impact on the top line during 2021. And there are many, many, many new sockets in the industrial area that we're working on. So that will just take a little longer given the slower uptake in terms of turning design-ins to revenue.
 But I think a lot like Hittite. We feel -- we went through this process with Hittite. We've doubled the size of that company, that franchise over the last 5 years. And I think we're on a very good track right now with LTE to achieving 200, 300 basis points of top line growth based on the strength of the portfolio and the activity at the customer level that we're seeing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur from JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: Good to see the fundamentals starting to improve here. A&D grew greater than 20% last year. Defense budget was approved beginning of this year. It's strong, up 4% versus last year. It's -- and you guys expect double-digit -- continued double-digit year-over-year growth here this year in A&D. Is most of the strength coming from the defense segment? Or are there also programs in the commercial aerospace SATCOM sector that are starting to fire as well? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. As I said in the prepared remarks, obviously, defense budgets are in our favor in terms of buying technology and deploying it. So we're in good shape there. And yes, we're seeing strong double-digit growth in the space area as well. And that's relatively -- we've had a good position there. But the -- if you like, the explosion in the launch of LEO satellites and geo satellites is really increasing demand for the company. And we're looking at, in these applications, many thousands of dollars of content per satellite kind of thing. So we're very optimistic about that, but it's a combination of both. Both parts of that business are really growing well. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Harlan, I would say, remember, think about defense as when DoD gives the money to the primes and the primes start deploying it, this is going into design decisions that were made many years ago. So we're enjoying the flow of that larger budget into the primes. And then to us, for decisions that were made some time ago, we still have quite a bit of great design activity that has yet to be funded. So that's on to come.
 On the aerospace side, it's holding as well as can be expected given the environment that's going on there. And then in space, as Vince mentioned, space is really in front of us, that growth is in front of us. So while ADEF has been growing at a nice clip and continues to, we feel even more optimistic about what's in front of us coming both from space and future design win activity that's happened for the defense business. 
Operator: And our last question comes from William Stein from SunTrust. 
William Stein: 2 of them, really. First, I'm hoping you can provide some update or commentary as to the competitive situation and maybe the legal competitive situation with an FPGA supplier in high-performance converters, maybe competitive trends as to design win traction relative to that vendor. 
Vincent Roche: Well, broadly speaking, in terms of competition, we are -- we've outgrown our closest competitors for the last 3 years. And so we're clearly gaining share across the board in communications and industrial, in particular. So I think competitively, we're in good shape. I think pricing is very, very stable as well. So I think, overall, legacy is strong. Our design pipeline is strong. And we're excited about the new R&D programs as well that are coming to fruition for the company.
 In relation to the litigation with, as you said, a large FPGA company, we will give you -- as new information emerges, we'll be transparent with you, and we'll communicate with you. But at this point, all I can say is that we're confident that this matter is going through the court and will be successfully resolved. And we are defending our IP very aggressively, and we believe we have a very, very strong case. So that's where it is. It's within the courts, but we're very optimistic with how things are going. 
Michael Lucarelli: You said you had a follow-up, Will? 
William Stein: Yes. I appreciate that. Just on the COVID impact. It sounds like what you're saying is that you're assuming certain orders are 0 for February. Given we're February 19th, I assume that's actually what you're seeing in the order book. Is there any anticipation for weakness later in the quarter? And also, any supply disruption that you're noticing at all? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. So on the orders, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, it is very hard to kind of size the activity of what's going on in China. So when we arrived at our $70 million, we wanted to give the investor and analyst community what assumptions are we using, knowing that these are very dynamic. So for our assumptions, we've taken our China activity to 0 in February and pushed out a little bit of 5G. The -- on the supply chain side, we are not seeing much disruption at this standpoint. We had some of our back-end suppliers early on. We're struggling just with getting some labor in to run their activity, but that's also been resolved as time has settled out here. So from our standpoint, our supply chain -- and we just revalidated this with the guys this morning. Our supply chain, we feel good about. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Will. I'll also add, I think it might be helpful, given your question, kind of given our outlook of B2B, what we think each market is going to do because there seems a little bit of confusion out there of how we think the market is going to do. We think each market grows sequentially. We said, in total, B2B will be up mid- to high single digits. I will rank order those on priority, I'd say comms is a little better than that, industrial does in line with the overall outlook, and auto does a little bit worse. So that kind of helps you think of how the -- sorry, how the corona is impacting our business. 
 And with that, thank you, everyone, for joining us. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website, and all available reconciliations and information can also be found on the quarterly results section of our website. Thanks again for joining us and the continued interest in Analog Devices. 
Operator: And this concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-11-25 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. 
 I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. Anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. And we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Our comments today about ADI's fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 financial results and short-term outlook will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. Comparing our results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior periods. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. As a reminder, 2018 was a 53-week year and thus included an extra week of operations. In today's remarks, we have normalized our fiscal 2018 result to a 52-week year, so that our comments on annual growth rates make for more accurate compares. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to ADI CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to you all. Well, we delivered solid fourth quarter and full year results against what was a backdrop of challenging macroeconomic conditions and ongoing trade uncertainty. Importantly, we made progress positioning ADI for continued long-term success, which I will discuss in more detail shortly. 
 In the fourth quarter, revenue was $1.44 billion and adjusted earnings per share was $1.19. For the full year, revenue was approximately $6 billion, down slightly year-over-year as double-digit growth in our communications market was offset by slower demand across other markets. Specifically, collective revenue from our B2B markets of industrial, communications and automotive increased slightly compared to 2018, led by strong demand across the wireless communication sector. 
 Given the current operating conditions, we continue to actively manage our business, reducing operating expenses. All told, full year adjusted EPS was $5.15. We generated approximately $2 billion in free cash flow. While this year's 33% free cash flow margin is below our long-term operating model, we continue to be in the top 10% of companies in the S&P 500. ADI is a diverse business across customers, products and applications that positions us to succeed in any macro environment. 
 And in 2019, we added to our cutting-edge technology portfolio through strategic investments, while partnering even closer with our customers. The resiliency of our business model in any economic environment is evidenced by our B2B revenue outperforming the industry in both fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019. And we're not standing still. To that end, let's turn to our priorities for 2020. Priority one is deepening customer centricity. We possess the broadest product portfolio, applications expertise and manufacturing capabilities in high performance signal processing. 
 This enables us to solve our customers' toughest challenges at the intersection of the physical and digital worlds. The factors driving customer demand are: first, our customers are facing a scarcity of available analog design engineering talent, and thus, they're increasingly turning to us for that expertise. Second, the challenges our customers face in the third wave of information and communications technology are becoming ever more complex. In this world, digital systems increasingly rely on real-world information to make mission-critical decisions. And the accuracy and the integrity of this information is becoming more important. 
 As a result, our customers are partnering with us more deeply to get the full benefit of our technology capabilities and product inventions and innovations. We are uniquely positioned to provide the enabling solutions with our comprehensive portfolio of high performance mixed signal, RF and microwave and power management technologies. To that end, as we enter 2020, our opportunity pipeline value is at record levels and increased more than 15% year-over-year. 
 Priority 2 is the efficient use of capital. First, R&D is critical to our company's success. And in 2019, we invested $1.1 billion there. To continue this virtuous cycle of innovation-driven success, we choose our investments wisely and when necessary, pivot quickly, targeting the most attractive opportunities, particularly across our B2B markets. This long-term approach to R&D allows us to continue to innovate and fortifies our position against any economic backdrop. Second, we're extracting value from our acquisitions to complement our R&D and drive long-term value creation. With the Hittite acquisition, we became the market leader in high performance RF with a portfolio that spans DC to 100 gigahertz. 
 Since the acquisition 5 years ago, we've more than doubled Hittite's revenue. And in the last year, our RF franchise revenue increased over 30%, led by industrial and wireless communications growth. The LTC acquisition added high performance power management and precision signal processing to our portfolio, positioning us to provide more fully integrated solutions and capture additional value. Due to the combination with LTC, we're building our power pipeline, which is up nearly 40% over the past year and beginning to deliver new revenue streams. For example, in power, we've won designs across 5G infrastructure, data center and automotive that are moving to low volume production in 2020, ahead of a more meaningful ramp in 2021. 
 This puts us on a path to double the LTC historical revenue growth rates in the years ahead. In addition, we're making steady progress on the next phase of our LTC cost synergies, which Prashanth will elaborate on in just a while. Third, we're committed to delivering strong shareholder returns. Our target is to return 100% of our free cash flow after debt repayments to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. And in 2019, we returned more than 120% of our free cash flow to shareholders after debt repayments. Priority 3 is capitalizing on secular trends to expand our addressable markets and drive diversified growth. And some examples include, for example, in 5G wireless, we're pushing the innovation curve on our market-leading integrated transceiver by adding digital capabilities, algorithms and optimized power solutions. 
 This enables customers to scale channel count by 8x while managing size and thermals. And 5G isn't just about wireless, it will also require a complete re-architecting of the core and wireline network to meet the 5G vision of gigabit speeds, low latency and high reliability demanded by mission-critical applications. This network expansion will require a significant upgrade of the backhaul system, opening a new revenue opportunity for ADI's optical and point-to-point microwave solutions. 
 For electric vehicles, we have the highest performance BMS solution, providing customers with up to 20% more miles per charge than our competition. Next in our road map is revolutionizing how monitoring and controlling batteries will be solved, and that is wirelessly. This creates a more accurate, reliable and necessary approach to measurement for the entire battery life from formation to implementation to reuse. With the rise of Industry 4.0, factory floors are becoming more digital, within -- with greater sensing, measuring and actuating activities. In turn, this creates additional demand for our precision-signal-chain franchise as well as extensions to this franchise into new areas. 
 For example, our innovative software IO solution enables greater flexibility across the factory floor, and high performance power is essential to managing heat dissipation as information density increases at the equipment level. 
 However, it's not just about our core technologies, digital factories are also creating new TAM for our suite of connectivity and sensor solutions. And last but not least, in health care, to build upon our strong growth trajectory, we're extending our high-end component franchise with integrated modules, increasing our BOM. We're also extending our signal processing hardware and algorithms into new areas such as glucose meters, surgical instruments and digital health applications that predict and manage chronic disease. So in closing, at the start of this year, I shared the adage with you that a rising tide lifts all boats and that the true test of a company's strategy and business model is its performance during the low tide. 
 Despite the external turmoil, for the full year, we posted approximately 70% gross margins, best-in-class across the semiconductor industry, and almost 41% operating margins, in line with our long-term operating model. 
 As we look ahead, we're hopeful that market demand will improve as early as our second quarter. And in an ever-changing world, we remain focused on being agile and responsive to market dynamics, demonstrating courage in creating and seizing opportunities, showing additional prudence in our investments while driving continuous improvement across every facet of our business. Longer term, the data era is creating an inflection across our industry. I believe that ADI's prospects are extremely compelling as our product portfolio is aligned with favorable secular trends that I believe will provide tailwinds for many years to come. 
 And so with that, I'll turn it over to Prashanth. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my welcome to our Q4 '19 earnings call. As usual, with the exception of revenue, and non-op expenses, my comments on the P&L and our outlook will be on a non-GAAP or adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. 
 So let's start with fiscal 2019, which was a solid year for ADI. Revenue finished at $6 billion, down a modest 2%, while our B2B revenue was up slightly despite continued trade and macro uncertainty. 
 As Vince shared, our margins continue to be strong. Gross margins were approximately 70% and operating margins were 40.6%. Adjusted EPS was $5.15. Free cash flow was approximately $2 billion. We repaid $850 million of debt, paid $780 million in dividends and repurchased over $600 million of stock. All told, after debt payments, we returned 120% of free cash flow to our shareholders. 
 So now let's look at the fourth quarter. Revenue of $1.44 billion was down 6% year-over-year as flat industrial was offset by broad-based weakness across our other end markets. 
 So I'm going to go through some commentary on the individual markets. Industrial, which represented 52% of revenue in the fourth quarter, was flat year-over-year. Trends were similar to the previous quarter where we saw strength in aerospace and defense, health care and electronic test and measurement offset by weakness across automation and memory test. These fourth quarter application trends were consistent throughout 2019. And for the full year, Industrial revenue decreased 2%. Our Industrial results highlight the benefits of having a diverse product portfolio and tens of thousands of customers across many applications. 
 Communications, which represented 18% of revenue in the fourth quarter, was down 19% year-over-year, with both wireless and wired down double digits. For the full year, comms revenue was up double digits driven by a notable pickup in 5G-related revenue. As we have mentioned, the comms market is inherently lumpy, and we believe this softness is largely timing-based. 
 We are at the early stages of the global 5G rollout, and we remain confident in our expectation that our comms revenue will grow in 2020 and beyond given our market-leading position and higher content opportunity in 5G. 
 Automotive, which represented 16% of revenue in the fourth quarter, was down 8%. While BMS continues to be a bright spot, growing double digits, we did face sour headwinds, which impacted our other application areas. For the full year, auto revenue declined 6%, in line with the decline in vehicle sales. And in total, fourth quarter revenue from our B2B markets decreased 6% year-over-year. 
 As Vince mentioned, full year B2B revenue increased slightly. Consumer, which represented 15% of revenue in the quarter, was down 7%. And our performance for the full year was down 16%, in line with our outlook. 
 Moving on to the rest of the P&L for the fourth quarter. Gross margin was 68.4%, a decrease of 200 basis points sequentially. Approximately 140 basis points of this decline was related to a onetime inventory charge associated with a customer within our Communications market. 
 OpEx, was $427 million, a decrease of more than 5% year-over-year. And sequentially, OpEx was down 2%, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of OpEx declines due to our discipline on discretionary spend and lower variable comp. Operating margins were approximately 39%. Excluding the onetime charge, operating margins were above 40%. Interest and other expenses were down $6 million year-over-year as we continue to focus on reducing debt. Our tax rate was 13%, which came in at the lower end of our guide. And all told, adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.19, or $1.24 excluding the onetime inventory charge. 
 Now moving on to the balance sheet. Sequentially, inventory dollars decreased $28 million and days declined by 5 to 124 As a reminder, our target for inventory days is 115 to 125. But as we have communicated in the past, ADI is currently in the process of closing 2 legacy LTC facilities. During this transition, we plan to carry an additional 5 to 10 days of bridge inventory to support our customers. Channel inventory ended the quarter at 8.5 weeks above our 7 to 8 week range. For the fourth quarter, our sell-in revenue was below sell-through. 
 Fourth quarter CapEx was $51 million and for the year was $275 million or approximately 5% of revenue. Looking to 2020, we are forecasting CapEx to be slightly below 4%. And now on to the first quarter outlook for 2020. In our seasonally weaker first quarter, revenue is expected to be $1.3 billion plus or minus $50 million. At the midpoint of guidance, we expect B2B revenue in the aggregate to decrease mid-teens year-over-year, and there are a few items factored into this outlook. 
 First, we are planning to meaningfully reduce channel inventory in the first quarter and return to our target range of 7 to 8 weeks by the end of the second quarter. Next, we expect 5G demand to remain modest through the end of this calendar year with a positive inflection in demand to occur in the fiscal second quarter as the global 5G rollout ramps. And lastly, in fiscal 2020, the Chinese New Year falls in the last week of our first quarter. So during this time there is minimal activity across our Chinese distributors. 
 So turning to the rest of the P&L for the first quarter. Op margin is expected to be approximately 36.7% at the midpoint mainly due to lower revenue and lower utilization. Our non-op expenses are expected to be approximately $49 million. And for fiscal 2020, we are reducing the low end of our long-term tax rate and guiding 12% to 15%. Based on these inputs, first quarter adjusted EPS is expected to be $1 plus or minus $0.07. As Vince stated, one of our priorities is the efficient use of capital, and I want to highlight the actions we are taking related to this effort in the current environment. 
 The first action is preserving working capital by managing inventory both on our balance sheet and in the channel. In the fourth quarter, we reduced factory utilization and plan to do so again in the first quarter. To put this in context, our current factory utilization is at levels consistent with prior cycle troughs. The second action is restructuring, in line with our disciplined approach to managing cost and operational efficiency. In the fourth quarter, we executed a restructuring and realignment of our business. This restructuring, combined with the previously announced LTC facility closures, will result in $135 million of total cost savings over the next 2 years. 
 As we exit 2020, we expect to realize approximately $50 million of savings with around 75% coming from OpEx and the balance from cost of goods sold. These cost reductions will begin in the first half. 
 And in 2021, after the facilities are closed, we expect to realize the remaining $85 million of savings in cost of goods sold. Together, these position us to drive operating margins towards the high-end of our long-term operating model over time. And the third action is continuing to return 100% of free cash flow to shareholders after debt payments. 
 In 2020, we plan on paying down between $300 million to $500 million of debt. We expect to return all remaining free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. 
 So in summary, the external environment will continue to present headwinds at least in the near term. However, as Vince noted, we are seeing early indications of improving conditions beginning in the second quarter. And with that, let me turn it back over to Mike to lead our Q&A. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Okay. Let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] 
 Operator, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. 
Jamie Zakalik: This is Jamie Zakalik on for Vivek. My first question is on gross margins. I know you mentioned that onetime inventory charge. But going forward, how should we think about the sensitivity of gross margins to sales and mix? And is there something else that could impact those? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Great. Thank you for the question, Jamie. So first, let me start by reiterating our model. 70% is our long-term model. And as you saw in the good times, we were operating above that, closer to 72% plus. And in these last 2 quarters -- or last quarter and the current quarter, with some of the revenue compression, we're in the high 80s. So through a cycle, we're still going to see 70s. But the way I kind of guide you to think about it is there are 2 factors, utilization and mix. Mix doesn't change, and given kind of where the outlook is, industrial is going to be above 50%. We have lower utilization in the first quarter, and this is going to impact the per quarter margins and bring us down to that sub-70%. The first quarter does not have the reserve headwinds, but it does have the lower utilization. So on a go-forward basis, what happens is really going to be macro dependent. As volume comes back, we will have pretty significant leverage from where we are. And then on top of that, I just mentioned the additional cost reduction actions that we're taking, $100 million in cost synergies exiting 2021 and roughly kind of $15 million of that will come in by the end of this year. Do you have a follow-up question, Jamie? 
Jamie Zakalik: Yes. Great. That was helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on the 5G comm side of things, you guys gave some great color on timing. But I was just wondering if there was any specific geography or area that was weaker on the comms 5G side? Or if it was more broad-based? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Jamie, the downturn -- the short-term downturn here in 5G was broad-based. It was all regions and all customers. 
Michael Lucarelli: We'll go to our next call -- question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: Congratulations on managing through this environment. So first question, if we look at revenue's down 15% year-over-year for the January quarter, how will you qualify that between; a, seasonality; b, lowering channel inventory; and c, weaker end demand? Just trying to understand, between those 3, what's driving the down 15%. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Thanks for the question. So first, the outlook is mid-teens on B2B. In that sense, on a year-over-year basis, I would say Industrial does a bit better than mid-teens, maybe down about, say, 10% or so year-over-year, that implies, I would say, worse than seasonal sequential growth. Part of that is demand, part of it also reducing the channel. Automotive, it's right around that mid-teens percent down year-over-year, and comms is down a bunch more in the mid-teens and down sequentially as well. And on Consumer, the math on that implies about 20% or so down year-over-year. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Tore, as a rough estimate, I'd say that, if you took the combination of what we're doing in the channel plus the impact of Chinese New Year, roughly like a $50-ish million impact on a revenue impact to kind of how we're guiding the outlook. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Tore? 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. That was really helpful. So a follow-up for Vince. Vince, you talked about connectivity now for BMS and including wireless. I assume that is based on a proprietary wireless heart technology? If not, maybe you could elaborate a little bit on that, please? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks for the question, Tore. Yes, so we've got the highest precision battery management, the sensing and measurement portfolio. Now to that, we are beginning to send those wireless technology. It's a proprietary rugged, robust self-healing radio technology. And so yes, it is proprietary based on proprietary ADI hardware as well as software stack. 
Michael Lucarelli: Can we have our next question? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I had a question on distribution inventory, and I'm just confused in the -- why the difference between the disti work-down, the channel work down that your Analog as well as broader diversified guys have seen versus your channel inventory went up the last quarter. And so you're taking the action now. But just wanted to understand why the difference in timing, Vince? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So just remember that we manage the business on a sell-through basis. We're recording revenue on a sell-in basis. And over the course of 2019, our sell-in was roughly equivalent to sell-through. But as we've seen revenue come down towards the later part of 2019, the levels in the channel have gotten outside of our preferred range of 7 to 8. So we're taking specific action. We began in Q4, we'll continue in Q1 with a goal that, by the end of Q2, we will get channel inventory kind of back in that 7- to 8-week range. The result is that we're going to be putting less into the channel than the channel is selling out. And the answer I gave Jamie earlier is that -- or sorry, Tore earlier, is that roughly, if you include that plus the Chinese New Year impact, which is at the end of our fiscal first quarter, is, at a rough estimate, kind of $50-ish million worth of revenue impact. 
Michael Lucarelli: And Ambrish, I'll just add one thing that Vince and Prashanth said in their script, our industrial business was only down about 2% last year, which I think, versus the market, was very -- performed very well. So there's always timing and all the different things. But on a performance basis, we outperformed in '18 and again in '19. Do you have a follow-up, Ambrish? 
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, it did. And this was with respect to the write-down, typically in the analog world, inventory write-down usually then results in a tailwind down the road. But I was wondering, are we seeing something different here? And I'm assuming, it could be a wrong assumption, that this is related to Huawei. So does that come back? And are you able to sell that inventory? Or are we looking at -- we always think of analog as companies with deep moats, which I'm sure you do. But are we seeing a change at Huawei that they're also developing analog parts that go into their infrastructure? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Let me take the first part of that. And I'm going to recap what I said in the prepared comments. We took a $20 million inventory reserve related to a onetime charge for a customer in the comms market. We were building to one forecast and then the demand changed pretty rapidly after they were added to the BIS entity list restriction. So it was our determination that it was the prudent thing to do, and absent another law change, we believe we have minimal to no more inventory exposure for this customer going forward. Is it possible to sell some of that inventory? It's possible but obviously not probable given that we did take the reserve. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think the second part of your question there was regarding potential competition there in China. So I think it's not a surprise that Chinese customers are going to look for security of supply, they're going to look for alternate sources. But there's nothing to suggest that we're losing designs anywhere. And as you said, the analog market naturally has deep and wide competitive moats given the complexity of the technology, the diversity that's required to be a stable, long-term supplier into those markets. And of course, the life cycles as well are very, very long. So I guess, the way to look at it -- the threat from local players in China, well, it really isn't anything new. But no, there's a lot of other facets of -- that require just beyond the product. The quality levels we ship are in the parts per billion. The support required is very, very sophisticated, very complex. And I think the asymmetry between the skill set and talents that we have as an analog supplier compared to anybody else, that asymmetry is pushing more and more towards ADI. So the gap between the skills that we have and many others, that gap is growing. So I think to just finish up my commentary here on China. It's a -- it has been and will continue to be an important market. And we expect to be doing a thriving business there in the years ahead for many, many, many decades. 
Michael Lucarelli: Go to our next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: Vince and Prashanth, I think you both talked about a potential recovery in demand starting in the fiscal second quarter. Is that -- was that a comment specific to comms? Or was it more broad-based? And I guess more importantly, what gives you the confidence to make those comments given the uncertainty both from a macro and trade standpoint? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. Why don't I start on that and, Vince, any -- if there's anything you want to add. So there's some macro and some kind of specific to ADI. So from a macro level, it's our take that we're kind of bouncing along the bottom. Because certainly, there's ongoing uncertainty with the trade war that's impacting overall demand and customers are putting a pause on CapEx spend. It is weaker than a year ago, but it seems to be stabilizing at this level. For comms and 5G, there is a lull between deployment. As I said in the prepared remarks, comms is inherently lumpy. It's very early days on the 5G, and we're expecting demand to kind of stay soft through the end of this calendar year but pick up nicely for 2020. And as I mentioned in the remarks, we're expecting comms to grow year-over-year in 2020. Specific to ADI, we've got a couple things that are impacting our first quarter. So as I had mentioned, I think we've had a couple questions on this now. We are proactively reducing inventory in the channel and then, on top of that, the Chinese New Year, which is normally a nonevent if it falls in the middle of a quarter, this time is falling at the end of our fiscal first quarter. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think the only other thing I'd add to what Prashanth has said is that, typically, our first quarter is weaker than our second. There is a seasonality to that. Particularly in the Industrial and the Automotive businesses. And that's how we see things shaping up at this point in time. And as Prashanth just said, we're confidence that 5G demand is really poised to ramp at the beginning of our second quarter. So I think that's the summary of demand here for you. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Toshi, do you have a follow-up? 
Toshiya Hari: I do. And then Prashanth, you talked about $135 million in cost reductions over the next, I suppose, 2 years. How should we think about that number kind of sticking to the P&L? In other words, should we expect a pretty high percentage drop through to margins? Or should we expect you guys to reinvest some of the savings in your priority areas? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Toshi. Let me break that down again. So we had talked about $100 million of cost savings when we closed down the 2 facilities. And then in addition to that, we made some -- we took some actions in the fourth quarter to generate an additional $35 million. So those actions are in process. In 2020, we would expect to exit the year with about $50 million of those savings in the run rate, and that will be split between OpEx and cost of goods sold. We'll have those savings sort of feather in over the course of the year. That is, at this point, kind of roughly a net number. So that is -- the expectation is we're going to be able to drive most of that down through the P&L and into the EPS number. 
Michael Lucarelli: We can go to our next question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from William Stein from SunTrust. 
William Stein: And I want to address the optimistic April commentary. By my math, I think normal seasonality in April's about up 3%. And it sounds like the real recovering end market is comms infrastructure-related to 5G. I'm wondering if there's any insight into other end markets. And if normal seasonality is up 3%, do you think we wind up posting meaningfully better than that? And any -- it would seem an outside possibility that we could be up year-over-year in that quarter, but any comments would be helpful. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Will. I'll sort of give you some basis of seasonality. We don't guide outside of a quarter, I would say. We did give you some context around comms being a growth market for us in 2020 despite the slow start. Seasonally speaking, Industrial in 2Q is up, call it, 5% to 10% sequentially. Automotive, I'll probably call it 5% to 10% maybe sequentially. So both those seasonally are up. We don't have visibility into those orders today. But seasonally standpoint, they do -- there is some tailwinds to those businesses. And Communications, we're talking about a pretty big uptick in Q2, which helps drive that business to grow for 2020. Do you have a follow-up? 
William Stein: Sure. Any comment as to where we are in the comms, and -- pardon me, the Consumer end market. We know there was this force touch design win that's been sort of fading from the model, you've declined this year. Maybe an outlook as to the coming year in that end market would be helpful, both in that sort of one charismatic design win and then maybe the core business. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So my sense during 2020 is that we will have a continuing headwind. It's lasting a little bit longer than we initially thought. But -- so I think 2020, we expect it to be down in the range of 10% to 15%. And it relates really to the ongoing mix issue in our portable business. But what I'd like to report to you is that I believe, overall, that 2020 will mark the bottom for this business. The diversity of our products, across products, across customers and applications is stronger than we've seen actually for several years. And so based on that diversity and the strength of our pipeline and diversity of our pipeline, that gives me the optimism that we're going to get back into a pretty solid growth trajectory, I think, in the 2021 and beyond period. 
Michael Lucarelli: We'll go to our next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso from Raymond James. 
Christopher Caso: My question's on the automotive market. And I think your comments were that it's looking down 6% year-on-year this year in line with industry units. I presume you're still gaining some content there. So is the difference there inventory that's come down? And perhaps you could -- if that's the case, what's the setup as we go into 2020 as perhaps some of that inventory normalizes? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. Let's do this in 2 parts. I'll kind of lay out how we're thinking about our auto performance 2019 and then let Vince talk about a bit more on the growth drivers. So to -- as a recap, our fourth quarter was down 8% for the full year and -- sorry, our fourth quarter was down 8%, the full year was down 6% year-over-year in line with SAAR. And we saw that across all applications on the year-over-year decline except for BMS, which continues to show very strong double-digit growth. As we look to 2020, I'll let Vince kind of talk about the outlook for auto 2020 and beyond. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So during the past year, we've grown our pipeline of designs at -- across the globe with all the key automotive customers. And I think one of the areas that I'm pleased -- most pleased about is in our power portfolio, which cuts across all the various sub application areas in automotive. I'll give you a couple of examples. We've won an integrated power management solution for a market-leading Tier 1 radar platform. We're the key reference design at a market-leading [ vision ] camera supplier. And given the strength of our infotainment business as well in DSP and audio signal processing solutions, we've been able to bring more power management from the OTC portfolio into that particular suite of applications as well. We've talked before about our A2B and -- our A2B solution. So today, that only represents kind of low -- very low single digits of our auto portfolio. But the design pipeline is gaining robustness. At this point in time, we've got design wins at around 14 OEMs, and half of them are currently in production. So my sense is that, over the next 3 years, we can double the size of our A2B business. And also the other facet of A2B is that the TAM for it is expanding into being able to participate in active noise cancellation and power delivery. Prashanth has touched on the BMS side of things. So that will continue to be, we believe, a strong growth driver for the company, probably up around double digits in 2020. And on the autonomous vehicle side of things, we're sampling a CMOS-based radar solution that doubles the dynamic range against anything else that's out there from our competitors. So I think we have some very, very good innovation drivers in the business as well as the fact that we are bringing the OTC portfolio into many, many new accounts in new geographies. So hopefully, that gives you a sense for what's going on in the auto sector. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Chris. Do you have a follow-up? 
Christopher Caso: I do. The follow-up question will be on production. You talked about being at cycle trough utilization rates. What would be the plan going forward if you did see some of these indications of improvement going into the second quarter? Would the plan be to start increasing production at that point? And generally, how are you looking to manage inventory as you go through next year with an understanding that you're going to be keeping some of that bridge inventory for the fab closures? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Right. Yes. Thanks, Chris. So yes, so the -- I guess, the way to think about it is utilizations are -- we're comfortable utilizations are at trough levels, so as -- and you can see the impact of that on our gross margins. So as the demand comes back and revenue improves, then we'll have great leverage from an internal manufacturing on being able to capture that demand with new manufacturing. And then in addition to that, we mentioned we're taking the channel down. So there will also be likely some opportunity to provide product into the channel to meet that growth. 
 So we're setting ourselves up for what we believe is a good trough in Q1, and then we'll grow from here. 
Michael Lucarelli: And Cheryl, we'll move to our last question, please. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Harsh Kumar from Piper Jaffray. 
Harsh Kumar: Thanks for managing the business extremely well and actually taking actions to get better profitability. I had one on gross margin. So all things put together, based on what you've said, we should think about gross margins for the January quarter, take the 140 bps charge that you had. Prashanth, is that a good way to think about it and down maybe 50, 60 basis points? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I think maybe you're saying the same thing, Harsh, but we're going to -- we're essentially going to swap the inventory charge with the underutilization. So that's probably how you should think about gross margin for the first quarter is we don't have the recurring inventory charge, but we do have the headwind from kind of trough factory utilization levels as we kind of bottom out in the first quarter. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Harsh? 
Harsh Kumar: Yes, please. And then just real quickly, in the auto business next year, do you think with all that's happened this year with the [ flushing ] of production and SAAR being down mid- to high -- 6% to 7%. Do you think we're at a point where we can basically say that Automotive for ADI will grow next year on a year-over-year basis? 
Vincent Roche: Well, it's very, very hard in what has been a very uncertain environment in automotive over the last several quarters. Very, very hard to call. I think if SAAR stabilizes, my sense is that we'll have a normal year. And for the last 5 years, we've been outgrowing SAAR. So my expectation is that if SAAR stabilizes, given the length of the product life cycles of our legacy business as well as the new designs we have, that the business should behave normally, we should have growth [ SAAR ]. So one of the things as well that we've got -- I think we've mentioned in the prepared remarks as well, is that our power business is poised given the design wins that we've got across infotainment and safety systems, in particular, we expect for the year here to gain momentum and start to show meaningful revenue in the 2021 period. 
Michael Lucarelli: And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website, and all of available reconciliation and information can also be found there. Have a happy Thanksgiving, and thank you, again. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-20 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. 
 I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Sheryl, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our third quarter fiscal 2019 conference call. 
 With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. 
 Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and in our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Our comments today about ADI's third quarter fiscal 2019 financial results and short-term outlook will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to historical performance, special items are also excluded from these prior quarters and year-over-year results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about the non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release.
 I also want to point out that during the third quarter, we improved our method to more accurately estimate the end-market classification for shipments to distributors. This resulted in some modest changes to historical end-market revenue breakdown but did not change our total revenue or EPS. We have posted a quarterly end-market look back based on this improved method to our Investor website. 
 Okay. With that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Thanks very much, Mike, and good morning to you all. Well, in what continues to be a challenging macroeconomic environment, we executed soundly in our third fiscal quarter and delivered solid results. 
 Revenue of $1.48 billion in the third quarter came in above the midpoint of our guidance. Our B2B markets decreased 3% year-over-year, given the weaker macro conditions, and performed well relative to the market. This performance is testament to the diversity of our franchise and investing ahead of secular trends to drive ongoing share gains and some expansion. 
 Operating margins of approximately 41% were above our guidance as we moved quickly to reduce expenses given the ongoing market weakness. All told, adjusted EPS was $1.26. 
 Over the past 12 months, we've generated approximately $2 billion in free cash flow or 33% of revenue. And during the same time period, we have returned more than 100% of free cash flow to our shareholders after debt repayments. 
 Now while there are clearly a number of near-term external challenges we're navigating through, ADI has always been and remains focused on delivering sustainable long-term profitable growth. To that end, before Prashanth covers our financial results in more detail, I'm going to continue our quarterly practice of providing a deeper level of insight into one of our markets, the trends influencing its future and how we are positioned to capitalize in these trends over the long term. 
 So today, I'd like to discuss the emerging automotive electrification ecosystem that is supporting a number of underlying industries from energy to transportation to manufacturing and, indeed, beyond and paving the way for the transition to cleaner energy sources. ADI has always been focused on making the most efficient use of energy in both our products and operations, and I'm proud to say that we are playing an important role in this new wave of electrification. 
 We approach automotive electrification from an ecosystem perspective. That is to say, the electric vehicle is just one element. For ADI, the origin of our journey starts with the formation of the battery. It then extends to the ongoing management of an installed electric vehicles battery system and then to powering the supporting electrical infrastructure needed to fuel EVs. The common thread woven through all of these applications is the precision signal processing, control and power management capabilities they require, capabilities indeed in which ADI excels. 
 So let me explain a bit more. Our value journey starts with battery formation and test, a time-consuming and complex chemical process where extremely precise measurement means the difference between a safe, high-quality battery and a low quality one. The lithium-ion batteries that power electric vehicles represent nearly 1/3 of the entire cost of the vehicle, so OEMs place a high premium on battery quality and reliability. 
 Our portfolio of fully integrated precision signal processing, control and power products allows ADI to offer customers the highest levels of accuracy, safety and reliability for their battery formation and test process. Our solutions reduce battery formation costs by 2/3 by shrinking our customers' equipment footprint by 4x and enabling up to 95% power reuse, which reduces environmental impact as well. Once the battery system has been manufactured, our opportunity grows with electrification applications within the vehicle itself. Here, our technology is a key enabler in the transition from combustion engines to cleaner electric vehicles, which are projected to grow from the current 2% worldwide vehicle sales to more than 20% over the next decade or so. 
 In the vehicle, the battery management system, or BMS, provide precise monitoring and control of the complex charge and discharge cycles of the battery system. Accuracy and safety in the BMS are critical since overcharging or undercharging can lead to the battery's destruction and render it useless. The accuracy of the BMS is also a major determining factor in the performance of the EV as it directly affects the miles per charge an electric vehicle can safely deliver. And to add to the challenge, that accuracy needs to be maintained through extreme environmental conditions and harsh interference over the 10-plus year life cycle of the car. 
 Such an application challenge is a perfect fit for ADI where we once again leverage our deep heritage and accurate precision measurement to provide optimized solutions for battery management. We've got the industry's broadest IC portfolio supporting all battery voltages from 48 volts to 800 volts, covering the full range of premium electric vehicles right down to the entry level. Our products are also designed specifically for harsh automotive environments, enabling us to deliver up to 20% more miles per charge than our competition. We deliver the highest level of automotive functional safety and have a full suite of powerful safety diagnostics that are easy to integrate and use. 
 So thanks to these advantages, we now have a leadership position across key customers in the U.S., Europe and Asia, giving us confidence that we can continue to grow BMS revenue at a double-digit annual rate. And we continue to push the innovation curve. Future generations on our BMS road map include architectural innovations that will improve the way power density, accuracy and weight challenges are solved, including the ability to wirelessly and robustly communicate. 
 And finally, our opportunity extends beyond the car to the charging station infrastructure that sources, stores and transfers the energy that powers electric vehicles. Charging stations represent a unique challenge for electric grids due to their intermittent and substantial demand peaks, and they must also effectively and cost efficiently meet the fast-charging requirements consumers demand for their EVs. As a result, charging stations will rely on battery-powered energy storage systems to accurately and quickly charge a vehicle. Here, the precision of our BMS solution can reduce the total cost of ownership of the energy storage system by 1/3 by extending the battery's life by up to 2x and lowering maintenance costs. As demand for batteries rises, we're beginning to see a push towards extending a battery's useful life by enabling a second life for EV batteries and infrastructure applications. We believe ADI's best-in-class measurement capabilities will become increasingly important as this market matures and these second-life deployments begin to scale. 
 So in closing, electrification represents a highly valuable market for ADI for the long term. It presents a number of difficult challenges for our customers, challenges that our portfolio and people are transforming into opportunities every day. Through our battery management, power conversion, connectivity and isolation technologies, we're delivering innovative solutions that position us to capture revenue growth opportunities throughout the electrification ecosystem today and well into the future.
 And so with that, let me hand over to Prashanth, who will take you through the financial details. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my welcome to our third quarter earnings call. My comment today, with the exception of revenue and nonop expenses, will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. 
 Before I get to the results for the quarter, I wanted to provide some details related to the ongoing situation with Huawei. A few weeks into our third quarter, the Commerce Department added them to the BIS Entity List. ADI immediately suspended shipments of all products. After a thorough review of the Export Administration Regulations and the Entity List restrictions, we determined that we could lawfully resume shipping selected ADI products to this customer. We are closely monitoring this dynamic situation and feel that we are well positioned to adapt as the circumstances evolve. The scope, duration and long-term financial impact of the export restrictions remain unclear and difficult to predict. But at least for the near term, our Huawei demand has taken a step down from previous levels. As a result, we are planning for sales to this customer to be meaningfully below our previous mid-single-digit percentage range, which we discussed with you last quarter. This is reflected in our guidance, which is published in our earnings release. 
 So now let's get on to the quarter. ADI delivered a strong third quarter with revenue, operating margin and EPS all above the midpoint of guidance. Our B2B revenue was down a modest 3% year-over-year as growth in communications was balanced by ongoing weakness in industrial and automotive markets. The industrial market, which represented 51% of sales in the quarter, decreased 4% year-over-year. And while most applications were down year-over-year, we saw continued strength in our aerospace, defense, health care and electronic test and measurement businesses. 
 Communications represented 21% of sales during the quarter and grew 7% year-over-year. While both wireless and wired results were impacted by Huawei, our wireless sales still increased double digits year-over-year driven by record revenue across multiple customers, a testament to our balanced and market-leading position in advanced radio systems used in the 5G infrastructure. 
 Automotive represented 15% of sales and was down 9% year-over-year, reflective of the ongoing decline in global vehicle sales. Year-to-date, our auto revenue is down double digits year-over-year, outperforming a declining SAAR due to strength in BMS, which has increased double digits over this time and the ongoing momentum in our power franchise. 
 And lastly, consumer made up 12% of sales and decreased 18% year-over-year.
 So now let's go to the P&L. Revenue for the quarter was above the midpoint of guidance at approximately $1.48 billion, down 5% year-over-year. Gross margins came in at 70.4%, down 20 basis points sequentially due to lower factory utilization. 
 And in what is normally a higher OpEx quarter due to our merit increases, we reduced OpEx by $6 million sequentially to $438 million. And as we continue to navigate these challenging times, you can look for us to keep a tight rein on discretionary and nonessential spending. Our prudent OpEx spend offset slightly lower gross margins and resulted in op margins of 40.8%, above the midpoint of guidance. 
 Nonop expenses in the quarter were down $4 million sequentially driven by lower interest expense as we continue to reduce debt. And the tax rate for the quarter was 14%, in line with our outlook. All told, the adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter came in above the midpoint of guidance at $1.26. 
 Let me comment on the balance sheet. We exited the quarter at 129 days of inventory, above the high end of our target range of 115 to 125. This increase related primarily to weaker Huawei demand and as we discussed with you in the first quarter earnings call, the initial build of our bridge inventory to support the planned closure of 2 manufacturing facilities in early 2021. As a reminder, we expect to generate $100 million of cost of goods synergies related to these facility closures. And during this transitional phase, we expect to carry an additional 5 to 10 days of inventory to support our customers. Channel inventory was just over 8 weeks as we exited the third quarter, and CapEx returned to our normal level of 4% of sales or $58 million as much of our colocation activities are now complete. 
 We've generated approximately $2 billion of free cash flow over the trailing 12 months. And during that time, we have returned more than 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks after debt repayments. Specifically, in the third quarter, we repaid $300 million of debt, paid $200 million in dividends and repurchased over $100 million of our stock.
 So now let's move to guidance, which, with the exception of revenue and nonop expenses, will also be discussed on an adjusted basis. 
 Revenue is expected to be $1.45 billion, plus or minus $50 million. And at the midpoint, we expect our B2B market of industrial automotive and communications in the aggregate to decrease low to mid-single digits year-over-year. And as a point of reference, if we back Huawei out of our year-over-year Q4 compares, B2B is roughly flat. Operating margin is expected to be approximately 40% at the midpoint. And nonop expenses are expected to decline sequentially by approximately $5 million, and the tax rate will remain in the 13% to 15% range. Based on these inputs, adjusted EPS is expected to be $1.22, plus or minus $0.07.
 So in closing, we are pleased with our quarter results given the current macro and geopolitical climate. And during these uncertain times, we will carefully manage our expenses while also investing strategically in areas that continue to position us to deliver profitable growth over the long term.
 So let me hand it back to Mike, so we can start our Q&A. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Now let's get to the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Sheryl, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Congratulations on your solid results given the backdrop. Vince, I'm wondering if you could help me better understand, clearly, I think one of the consequences of the trade dispute between China and the U.S. is that Huawei is more intent to kind of be able to build a base station with non-U.S. suppliers. I'm wondering if you can help me understand, from your perspective and the sockets you play in, how easily can Huawei do that. Do you view Huawei as just a transitory issue for the company? Or do you think there could be some long-term real socket share loss as Huawei tries to lessen its dependence on U.S. component suppliers? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, John. We've been -- as a company, we're in business almost 55 years now, and we've been competing with players from all over the globe in all areas of our business, different players in different spaces. But what I will say is, in general, we've taken the highest performance position in 5G base stations in the radio system. And whether that is Chinese OEMs that are absorbing our products, European, whatever, Korean, that is our game. And as these systems become ever more complex, performance matters more and more and more when you're trying to really put more information density through every radio. That's where we play and nobody competes with us at that level. There are perhaps different ways to solve the problem. You can sacrifice performance, perhaps. But if you're looking for the best-in-class 5G radio performance, it's ADI that the OEMs are coming to.
 And one of the thoughts I want to leave you with, John, is that whatever happens, the ongoing situation with regard to Huawei, we are very well penetrated as a corporation across the globe with all the OEMs. So no matter what happens, we will grow in 2020. That's the -- that is the expectation. So competition is just a facet of doing business, and we're more than well prepared with the portfolio of products we already have and the products that we have coming. 
 So -- and I want to make it clear as well that the restriction that we're experiencing with regard to shipping into Huawei specifically is around 5G. Our legacy 4G products have been shipping and, as far as I understand, will continue to ship. So also, it's an evolving situation. And we are doing everything we can to be able to satisfy the needs of all our customers. And in China, specifically, we are in the process of seeking the licenses that we need to support our products in the short to medium term here. 
 So hopefully, that answers your question, John. 
John Pitzer: That's helpful. Yes. Just one quick, guys. In your prepared comments, Prashanth mentioned that excluding for Huawei, your B2B business would be kind of flat year-over-year in the October quarter, which is meaningfully better than your peers. Is that mainly still just a comms phenomenon, which I think is well understood by investors? Or can you talk about bottoms-up drivers in the industrial and auto that might be helping you guys drive that outperformance on year-on-year growth? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. I think industrial is -- it is much more than comms. I think we're very pleased with how strong our industrial business is. But let me have Mike kind of break down how to think about it on a year-over-year basis if you back out Huawei. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. So, John, the question -- so if you look at our outlook, it kind of assumes, I would say, pretty much flattish year-over-year in industrial. If you move on to automotive, it's down about 10%. And comms is also down by 10%. But if you have to back out Huawei, comms is up once again year-over-year. And that is what Mark kind of -- I think our 11th or 12th quarter in a row of year-over-year growth in comms. So that kind of goes with what Vince said about the breadth of our portfolio across customers. 
 And if you move away from B2B into consumer, it's down double digits. And it kind of right in the line for the year, down about 20%. I don't -- Vince, do you want to talk about industrial and kind of the strength we're seeing there and why we've been better than our peers? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think if you look at industrial in kind of 2 pockets, we have our more fragmented, broader-based business, specifically automation. And I say, that business right now, given its high-intensity CapEx needs, is weaker pretty much across all geographic spaces at this point in time. I don't think it'll be a great surprise to tell you that the memory test business has been weak now almost for a year, and that persists. It remains at least tepid. But I think the areas where we're seeing most strength right now are aerospace and defense. And in fact, that's increasing just about 20% year-over-year. Given the record defense budget that has just been passed in the U.S., we're seeing good growth across all the sub applications within aerospace and defense. 
 And one of the real points of strength for ADI and what's driving a lot of the growth is the combination of the microwave and RF technologies from Hittite with the mixed-signal products from ADI. And we're starting to bring LTC more aggressively into that space as well. So that's a future growth dimension in that aerospace and defense business. 
 Health care continues to grow nicely, I think in general. I've been pretty public that I think that's a space whose time has really come. And I think this digital health area, in general, is just an inflection point. It's just at the knee of the curve, so to speak. So that's doing well for us across the board, whether it's big iron or clinical-grade patient-monitoring-type systems. 
 And given again the growth in areas like 5G, BMS, very, very high-frequency automotive radar safety systems, the electronic test and measurement side of things is performing well also. So I think that helps unpack the industrial story, hopefully, for you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Congratulations on the execution in this environment. First question is on communications. Vince, you said you expect to grow pretty nicely in calendar '20. I was just hoping you could elaborate a little bit on what's driving that. I mean is that when 5G kind of really kicks in? Because obviously up until now, a lot of the growth has been more 4.5G. So if you could elaborate on that, please. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So thanks, Tore. The -- look, I think the way to think about 5G is one of the most exciting new platforms to be introduced in the world of information and communications technology for several years. So it's very -- I believe it'll be very pervasive. It's in the early stages of deployment. We're looking at a multiyear cycle here. 
 One of the things I think is -- that's important to remember with 5G is that it's really designed to enable B2B users to modify their business models and their offerings to their customers, whether it's in industrial, whether it's in health care, where critical connection to the system is really important. So I think it's less about the consumer, more about B2B.
 Data is doubling every couple of years. So the need for bandwidth and very low latency is real, and it's necessary. And that won't abate. That will continue to intensify over time. And the only way to some of that is by delivering more special -- spectrum efficiency. So I think what we're seeing is very, very early stage deployment. And the radio is one of the most critical elements in the development and deployment of these new 5G systems. And I think over the next 3, 4 years, we'll start to see the virtualization of the network and a more aggressive introduction of the microwave technologies as well that will be the next generation of 5G. 
 So I think, as you know, as I said in the -- in an earlier comment there, we're very well positioned technologically. The problems are getting tougher and tougher in the base station from a performance standpoint. So the portfolio lines very well gets ahead of our customers' needs there. And we're very well penetrated across the board in terms of the breadth of our portfolio and the depth of our portfolio. I will also point out that the power portfolio from LT is nicely fitting in as well, so that's another wave of growth that we'll begin to see materialize during 2020, 2021. 
Michael Lucarelli: Hey, Tore, do you have a follow-up? 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. As a follow-up, you talked about the electrification in BMS. I'm just wondering, when you're talking to your automotive customers right now, and especially given the sort of challenging SAAR environment, are you seeing an acceleration in the designs for BMS and EV? 
Vincent Roche: Very definitely, Tore. I think it's -- whether it's European, U.S., Japanese or Asian OEMs, there's a pervasive move towards electrification of the powertrain. So the -- we're very confident that the BMS portfolio that we have -- we're on our fifth-generation incidentally. And having met several of these OEMs over the last quarter or 2, I can tell you that there's a level of intensity and urgency to move more towards electrical powertrains. And given that BMS or electric powertrains today represent somewhere around 2% of all the vehicles built, that's likely to increase by an order of magnitude over the next decade or so. So I think it's very real. I certainly am growing in confidence that these trends that we're seeing is becoming more intense, and it's something that we're very well positioned to take advantage of.
 I mentioned as well in the prepared remarks that we're moving on to yet another generation. We're changing the way the connectivity of the information is rendered in the car with our new wireless BMS architecture, which we've introduced to the market, and we'll start to see, I think, significant revenue accrue there in the kind of 2021 time frame. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets. 
Mitch Steves: So I think one of the more interesting things about ADI is just kind of the ramp in the content you guys are seeing on 5G. So I just want to clarify what you guys are talking about for 2020. So if we assume that Huawei is entirely banned, you guys still believe you're going to see, I guess, a notable growth within communications. Is that fair? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Absolutely. Yes. Without a doubt. So it goes to: one, we have very good share across the ecosystem; and two, the additional content we see in these systems. There's 2 flavors really at 5G. I would say there's the subset gigahertz. And in those systems, our silicon content is about 4x that of a traditional 4G. And then as you move to higher frequency millimeter wave, there's additional content on top of that 4x that's also an opportunity for ADI. That's really the ADI-Hittite portfolio. And also Linear, we're bringing in there as well. 
Mitch Steves: Got it. Okay. And then secondly, I kind of want to turn a little quickly to the industrial segment. I mean it looks like you guys are gaining share there. I'm curious to get what you guys think the overall market is doing within industrial and if you guys think it is -- this is something you can sustain over the next few quarters as well. So I'm not saying that the industrial segment won't grow, but more just in terms of you guys being able to continue to gain share against companies like TI. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, this is an area where -- I mean this is the core of ADI in many ways. And it represents about half of the company's total revenue. About 7, 8, 9 years ago, we retooled the entire investment portfolio of the company from an R&D and from a go-to-market perspective and just focused more intensely on B2B applications. And industrial has been the priority there. So I think what we're seeing now is the benefit of the new product crop that we've been able to introduce there. We've a lot of exciting new things coming that are in the pipeline, that are in the cusp of materializing into revenue. So also, our customer engagements are continuing to evolve from, I would say, 7, 8, 9 years ago, we were largely a component provider, now we're providing different forms of solutions, collections of components, more highly integrated products for different types of applications. So I think in many, many ways, what we're seeing now is the culmination of many, many years of very targeted activity to become stronger in industrial. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Mitch, I might just add that remember, this particular market is very sticky. So the momentum that we have, as Vince talked about, has taken several years to build. And once you have it, you kind of roll with it. And I would expect to see that continued strength versus the broader market play out over the coming years. 
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse, Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: Vince, you talked in great deal on the BMS side, I was hoping just to follow up there. As you think about increasing technology requirements within the portfolio and how you're investing and proceeding there, I guess two questions. One, I think it's about 5% of your revenues today. Where do you think that can be 5 years from now? And then two, how are you seeing changes in the competitive landscape as we proceed both electric vehicles and hybrid from here? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, C.J. First and foremost, we're playing on the high end. Our portfolio is targeted as kind of mid- to high-end applications where the problems are the toughest. And we're able to leverage our strength in precision signal processing that really has been the mainstay of the company for the last 5 decades. I would say, in terms of what you can expect in terms of growth, my sense is this will be a double-digit growth area for several years to come. 
Christopher Muse: Great. And I guess as a follow-up for Prashanth. At what point in terms of outstanding debt would you focus 100% of your free cash flow on buybacks and dividend as opposed to paying down debt? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Good question, C.J. I don't want to lock us into a specific position, but I'll say a couple of comments.
 One, this is a business that generates a tremendous amount of cash flow. So compared to how the company was run several years ago, we are very comfortable with debt on the balance sheet. And I don't see it ever moving to kind of the large cash surplus that we used to be at. What is -- we're really focused on maintaining that investment-grade rating. So we're going to be mindful of what the broader interest rate environment looks like and how the ratings agencies view us to ensure that we're doing what's necessary to kind of maintain that investment grade. 
 Now having said that, we're going to throw off a lot of cash. We just did a refi 2 -- actually, a quarter ago where we moved some of our 5-year term into a shorter duration. So expect us to kind of continue moving to drive that down. And I would highlight that we have been meaningfully taking down our share count in 2019, and I think you can expect us to continue to do that in 2020. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach, Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: On auto electrification in terms of your positioning and long-term growth drivers. A number of suppliers have noted just near-term weakness in China just from subset perspective and uncertainty around demand. Any color that you have in terms of what you're seeing in the China market on a near-term basis? 
Michael Lucarelli: Craig, yes. I mean we play in the market. We have market-leading position across geos. China is a big market for us. What I'll say is, yes, last quarter, we did grow year-over-year, but it was less than 2Q in BMS, but we still did grow. But it's a lumpy deployment-based business. If you look over the year-to-date, we're up double digits. And we expect to grow year-over-year again in our fourth quarter even with what's going on in China. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Craig, I do want to maybe reiterate the prepared remarks that Vince mentioned. For us, it is much more than just about managing the battery as efficiently as possible. We enjoy growth with the processors who form and test the batteries. We have the LTC capabilities that help drive efficient use of that power to help extend the range. And we're also in the charging station. So as the whole ecosystem continues to build out to support electric vehicles, for us, it's a much bigger play than just focusing on the batteries. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Craig? 
Craig Hettenbach: Understood. Yes. I guess the follow-up, Prashanth, just on the manufacturing and some of the things you're doing with the footprint consolidation. Any update in terms of gross margin impact of when you would expect to see some synergies from that? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks for the question, Craig. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, our inventory is a little bit higher this quarter because we are starting to put the bridge inventory that's necessary for us to be able to close the facilities in Singapore and California. So we'll need that bridge inventory so that we can continue to serve customers while we take those facilities down. We are targeting those savings to start coming through the P&L in 2021, early 2021. And that -- as we've been public in several calls, that should be about an incremental $100 million on a run rate basis that's all flowing through cost of goods sold. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. 
Michael Lucarelli: Vivek? Okay. Vivek, we're going to go to the next caller. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: Let's start with OpEx. So obviously, you mentioned being a little more constrained on expenses given the environment. Can you talk a little bit about how you see that OpEx trajectory going into Q4? Are you sort of bottomed to this point given where variable comp is on the metrics? Or is there room to still take OpEx down? I guess what are the implications for OpEx given the continued weak environment that you've seen? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks for the question, Stacy. So I think the way to -- first, as a reminder, we don't guide gross margins anymore. If I answer your OpEx question, I am implicitly giving you that guidance, but... 
Stacy Rasgon: Qualitatively. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. The way to think about it is, we are -- we're -- we have made a meaningful reduction in our OpEx versus our Q2. So we had a sequential improvement going into Q3. We're looking for that to kind of carry roughly flattish for the fourth quarter. We will focus on the variable costs that we can control and continue to exercise OpEx discipline. As we've said before, one of the leverage we do have is our compensation system, which is meant to act as a flywheel as the businesses go up and down, and that will certainly be an element of the Q4. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Stacy? 
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. I do. So in the prepared remarks, Vince mentioned that obviously the macro environment is still challenging, isn't getting better in the near term. Would you say that from your perspective versus where your expectations were 3 months ago, have things gotten worse versus what your prior expectations had been? I guess just where have you been expecting things to kind of go into the year-end? And are things worse than that? Or are they sort of similar to where you would expect them to be 3 months ago? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Stacy. I'd say, the uncertainty in the trade tensions between America and China has obviously ratcheted up. I think it's indeterminate what will actually happen there in the short to medium term. PMI indices as well as GDPs are falling somewhat. So I think that headwind has increased somewhat, I think, since the last quarter. I think when I try to classify how customers are thinking about the world, the world of technology is gearing up. There's more and more innovation. The R&D budgets are very, very strong across the globe and all the sectors. So I think customers remain optimistic about the future. But I'd say, right at this point in time, the people who commit the CapEx, commit the investments are probably a little less optimistic about the future than they were, say, a quarter ago. So that's pretty much the best commentary I can give you, Stacy. 
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. I guess at our conference at the end of May, Vince, you would sound pretty positive about potentially getting a trade deal. It doesn't sound like were there anymore. 
Vincent Roche: Well, it's -- who really knows? I think both sides are working on it. I think incidentally, both sides want the deal, but I think it depends on the conditions. And what's out there in the public domain is that both sides are digging their heels in at this point. So yes, I'd say, Stacy, to answer your question directly, the sense of a trade deal by the end of the summer, which is looming very quickly here, is less likely than it was when you and I spoke back in May. 
Michael Lucarelli: All right, Stacy. Thank you the 3 points you guys you have in there. 
Vincent Roche: Sorry, we're going to try to go back to Vivek, if we can. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. And that'll be our last question for today. 
Operator: Okay. Your next question is from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: Can you hear me now? 
Michael Lucarelli: We can, Vivek. 
Vivek Arya: Okay. Sorry for the -- I screwed up before. So first question, how should we think about seasonality going into your January quarter? Historically, it's a positive quarter. But I know you've had consumer volatility and this time, there's also the Huawei and trade war volatilities. I'm just curious, how's your visibility kind of 1 quarter out right now? 
Michael Lucarelli: I'll tell you, typical seasonality. I would say, it's not a typical time. I'll caveat with that, and we're not giving guidance for a quarter out. Typically, first quarter is a weaker quarter for us in B2B. Industrial is typically down. Automotive is typically down. I do think on the comms market, we talked about being weaker here in the fourth quarter, but it's very volatile. And I think you see a quick acceleration back there in the first quarter. And consumer, we'll update you on next call kind of our outlook for 2020. But I think you can expect consumer to be down again in 2020 but to a lesser degree than '19. 
Vivek Arya: All right. And then the other thing... 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Vivek? 
Vivek Arya: Yes. The other thing, Vince, I know there is a lot of macro uncertainty right now. But when I look at your automotive and industrial businesses, they were down kind of 6% year-on-year for the last couple of quarters. If I look at the guidance you're giving for October, it's down about -- I think about 2% year-on-year, and you were saying industrial can be actually flat year-on-year, which is much better than what we have seen in the last few quarters. So I'm just trying to reconcile all the uncertainty in the macro environment versus the October quarter kind of industrial outlook. That seems somewhat more positive when I look at it. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, we have a couple of specific areas where we're seeing strength, aerospace and defense, being kind of top of the list there for a range of reasons. It's a combination of budgets being increased in the area of aerospace and defense and also the strength of the technology portfolio that we bring. And I mentioned earlier on that health care continues to grow for the company. It's an area again where we've been increasing investments over the last 5, 7 years. And that's an area that I continue to be very optimistic about and think it will be a very good source of growth for the company for many, many years to come. So there are the 2 areas, Vivek, that are most meaningfully contributing on the industrial side right now to the strength we're seeing relative to the market. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Vivek, I know you asked specifically about the change in trajectory in Q4, but I would want to remind you that kind of on a year-to-date basis, those numbers you've quoted have been substantially better than the broader market. So we have outperformed. Although the industrial market has been down on a year-to-date basis for us, we've generally outperformed the broader market. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Vivek. And thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website and all available reconciliations and information can also be found there. Thanks again for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you in 90 days. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-21 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Analog Devices First Quarter (sic) [ Second Quarter ] Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Sheryl, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter fiscal 2019 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com.
 Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and in our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Our comments today about ADI's second quarter fiscal 2019 financial results and short-term outlook will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes special items. When comparing our results to historical performance, special items are also excluded from the prior quarter and year-over-year results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release. 
 Okay. With that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Thanks very much, Mike, and a very good morning to everybody on the call. Now before I get into my recap of the quarter, I wanted to briefly touch on recent developments.  
 As you're no doubt aware, the U.S. government announced last week that it's restricting a large communications company from acquiring U.S. products and technology. While this will have at least a short-term impact on our communications business, our business is global, broad and robust and we'll manage through this. Prashanth will give a bit more insight into the anticipated financial impact of this development during his particular section. 
 So now on to our highlights. The second quarter of fiscal '19 was another successful quarter for ADI with revenue from our B2B markets increasing year-over-year once again. This represents the 12th consecutive quarter of annual B2B revenue growth, which is really a testament to the diversity of our franchise and our ability to innovate ahead of secular growth opportunities. 
 Revenue of $1.53 billion came in at the high end of our guidance, led by strong year-over-year growth from our communications applications across multiple segments. Adjusted gross and operating margins increased compared to last quarter to 70.6% and 41.5%, respectively. All told, adjusted EPS was $1.36, which was also at the high end of outlook. Now over the past 12 months, we've generated approximately $2.1 billion in free cash flow or 34% of revenue. And during that time period, we've returned more than 100% of free cash flow to our shareholders after debt repayments.  
 Now before we move on to the financial section of our call, I'd like to continue our discussion around ADI's key markets, their trends and ADI's strategic initiatives, positioning us to capitalize on these opportunities. We previously discussed our strong position in the wireless market, particularly in massive MIMO and 5G, where our content opportunity is up to 4x compared to traditional 4G systems. So today, I'm going to talk about the other 1/3 of our comms business, namely the wireline market. 
 The wireline market is very profitable. It's a steady growth business for ADI with a combined company having grown at a high single-digit rate annually for the past 5 years. The market and its challenges around precision, control and power are a perfect match for ADI's comprehensive portfolio and domain expertise. There are many applications within the wireline business. But today, I want to focus on the fastest-growing segment, namely the optical market. 
 The primary driver of the wireline market is unsurprisingly exponential growth in demand for digital data. IP traffic across carrier networks and data centers is doubling every 2.5 years driven primarily by cloud compute, backhaul of 4G and 5G networks and consumption of data-rich content. This extraordinary growth represents a significant challenge for the carrier networks and data centers that transport and manage this data as it's not possible to lay new optical fiber or double data center floor space every 2 years. So their challenge is ADI's opportunity. 
 The 2 primary ways to solve their data throughput problem are increasing the speed of the existing fiber network and reducing the form factor of data ports to increase data density. Carriers are increasing their speed of their networks by upgrading from 100 gigabits per second to 400 Gps and in some cases, to more than 1 terabit per second. At the same time, optical modules are being scaled down by 2, 4 and even 10x. At this level of data throughput, our customers are pushing the optical components and subsystems, such as lasers, modulators and coherent signal processing, to their physical limits. 
 Precisely controlling throughput, managing synchronization, compensating for signal impairments and reducing system noise is critical to overall system performance. By partnering closely with our customers, we're developing highly optimized optical control and power management products that match the smaller form factor required in next-generation optical systems. Importantly, for every 4x increase in speed in an existing network, our control content opportunity increases by more than 1/3. This 400 gig control port space is the fastest-growing segment of our optical business, largely driven by the rapid growth in data center port traffic. 
 But a high-precision signal chain only solves part of the problem in these next-gen carrier and data center networks. Denser optical networks create power and thermal challenges that our customers must also mitigate to avoid harmful impact on the network's potential speed and data throughput, not to mention impact on their operating expense as power and cooling represent over 30% of a data center's total cost of ownership. That is a huge opportunity for our power portfolio. We're taking our core power franchises, namely Module and Silent Switcher technologies, for example, and leveraging ADI's market-leading position to broaden our customer reach and develop optimized solutions for this market. 
 In addition to optical port solutions, we also supply innovative power sequencing and hot swap products. These technologies enable our customers to mitigate costly downtime and avoid disruptions by managing the highly complex power chain of networking servers and routers.  The addressable market for these solutions continues to grow as port and data traffic density continues to increase. Now I've said in the past that for every $1 of signal chain we sell into a system, there's at least $1 of power opportunity. And the wireline market is no different. Since our combination with LTC, we've seen our pipeline in power for the wireless market expand very significantly. 
 So in closing, we expect continued profitable growth over the long term in the wireline market as control and power challenges intensify in response to the market's densification with ever-increasing bandwidth demand. And as providers shift to silicon photonics, we expect even more opportunity for ADI as control and power solutions are necessary to compensate for the lower inherent performance of these silicon-based photonic solutions. 
 And with that, let me hand it over to Prashanth. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my welcome to our second quarter earnings call. My comments today, with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses, will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. 
 Now on to the quarter. In the face of geopolitical uncertainty, we are pleased to report strong second quarter results with revenue, operating margin and EPS all coming in above the midpoint of our guidance. As usual, I will cover the end markets before moving to the P&L. 
 Our second quarter B2B revenue increased approximately 3% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in our communications business. The industrial market, which represented 50% of sales in the quarter, performed as expected, decreasing mid-single digits compared to the year ago quarter. Strength in aerospace and defense was outweighed by the anticipated weakness in our automation and memory test businesses. 
 The comms market represented 24% of sales during the quarter and experienced very strong double-digit year-over-year growth, led by ongoing strength in wireless while our wireline franchise also continued to grow nicely. Our results this quarter reflect ADI's higher content and share in 5G. We believe 5G remains in the early stages, and our technology remains a key enabler. And as Vince just highlighted in his section, our wireline business is well positioned to continue to grow profitably in the years ahead. 
 Our auto business represented 16% of sales and was relatively flat compared to the year ago quarter. Strength in BMS, which increased well over 20% year-over-year, and momentum in our power franchise helped to mitigate the overall weakness in vehicle units during the quarter. And lastly, our consumer business represented just 10% of sales in the quarter, the lowest consumer mix since 2016. As expected, this segment decreased on a year-over-year basis. 
 And now moving to the P&L. Revenue for the quarter was at the high end of our guidance at approximately $1.53 billion, down 2% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 70.6%, up 30 basis points sequentially but lower year-over-year primarily due to market mix. And in what is normally a higher OpEx quarter, OpEx decreased sequentially to $443 million. Operating margin of 41.5% came in stronger than our guided midpoint. 
 Non-op expenses in the quarter were $61 million, slightly higher sequentially with the increase primarily related to a onetime expense in the quarter. Interest expense decreased quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Tax rate for the quarter was better than forecasted at approximately 11%. And all told, adjusted diluted earnings per share from the second quarter came in at the high end of guidance at $1.36. 
 Now moving on to the balance sheet. As is normal in the second quarter, inventory dollars and days increased slightly sequentially. And our channel inventory also increased sequentially and year-over-year but still remained comfortably in our target range. CapEx in the second quarter was $75 million or 5% of sales for the full year. We expect CapEx to be temporarily higher and remain at approximately 5%. This additional spend is to support future growth opportunities, especially for our power franchise as well as the colocation of our product and business development teams. 
 Free cash flow was approximately $2.1 billion on a trailing 12-month basis, an increase of 6% year-over-year despite the additional CapEx outlay. Over the past 12 months, we have returned more than 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks after debt repayments. In the second quarter, we repaid $250 million of debt, paid $200 million in dividends and repurchased over $100 million of our stock. 
 Now before moving to guidance, I want to give some context around the additional uncertainty impacting this quarter's outlook. As Vince mentioned, the U.S. government recently announced export restrictions to a large communications company. Our third quarter guidance takes into account the estimated impact on ADI from these restrictions, including no revenue from that customer for the remainder of the quarter. 
 We are currently reviewing our ability to resume shipments under the recently announced temporary general license. And while we do not talk about specific customers, I will say that ADI has an extremely diverse business. The communications market is a bit more concentrated. But still over the trailing 12 months, our largest communication customers only represented mid-single digits or less as a percentage of total ADI sales. 
 So now onto the outlook, which with the exception of revenue and non-op expense, are on a non-GAAP basis and excludes special items outlined in today's release. Third quarter revenue is expected to be $1.45 billion, plus or minus $50 million. And at the midpoint, we expect our B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications in the aggregate to decrease low single digits year-over-year. 
 At the midpoint of guidance, we expect third quarter operating margin to be approximately 40.5%. Non-op expenses are expected to decline sequentially to approximately $56 million. And we are improving our projected tax rate to be in the range of 13% to 15% for the year. Based on these inputs, diluted EPS, excluding special items, is expected to be $1.22, plus or minus $0.07. 
 So overall, it was a very successful first half of the year for ADI, especially when you overlay it with an uncertain economic and political backdrop. I remain very confident that the investments we have made and continue to make will position us for continued outperformance over the long term. 
 Let me hand it back to Mike to start our Q&A. 
Michael Lucarelli: Okay. Let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Sheryl, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Tore Svanberg: I was hoping maybe you could talk a little bit about your core business, excluding communications. So obviously, I know that's a very specific situation. But if you look at especially industrial and auto, are those markets starting to show a path of a recovery? So if you could add some color there, that would be great. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, sure. Thanks, Tore. Well, let me start with industrial. So I think it's true to say that business has stabilized across the board. We see our customers' inventory levels being very, very normal. And also channel inventory, which is often a proxy for what's going on in the industrial market, is in line also with our targets. I think overall, when the macro turns, I think we see a lot of upside improvement to the business as confidence improves and CapEx is deployed at higher rates. 
 So if I try to unpack it a little bit for you, so in terms of the second quarter, it performed pretty much as we expected. And particularly, we were pleased with the results that we achieved in the aerospace and defense area, where the combination of the Hittite and ADI signal processing solutions are really coming to the fore there, where we're taking share as a company and we see that as a good steady growth driver for many, many years to come. 
 Geographically, I think it's true to say where a lot of our industrial business is centered at Europe and America, we're up year-on-year, fairly stable. And the areas of weakness we saw were largely in Asia, all the various major regions of Asia. So looking out a little bit here, we're seeing stabilization. And I think we will see some -- we'll see some annual growth in the third quarter here as well. So I think that's kind of the shape of the industrial business. 
 If I just talk about the automotive sector for a little bit here. So our performance on revenue was much better than units, than SAAR. And we did see a very modest build in channel. As you know, we're on POA accounting these days when we report to The Street. And we did see a little bit of growth there. But the performance was driven by our growing position in battery management systems for electric vehicles. I think also I'm very pleased to say that our power business is improving across the board. We did better in power than SAAR, for example. So when we look at our performance, power did better than the unit growth in terms of vehicles sold. 
 And also our A2B solutions in the infotainment sector continue to ramp gradually here. So I think if you look at more SAAR-exposed applications, steady-state applications, infotainment, for example, they were down high single digits. And that represented about 2/3 of the overall business. I think the portfolio is very balanced. We've got many new things coming onboard that help us to outgrow any particular weaknesses in SAAR. 
Michael Lucarelli: Tore, I'll hit one point. You asked about kind of stabilization. We're already seeing stabilization in the industrial market. I think what we're excited about is it's kind of a better decline year-over-year we expect in the third quarter versus our second quarter results. So we declined about 6% in the second quarter. We think it gets better in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis. Do you have a follow-up? 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. As a follow-up, if we look at the communication customer that we're talking about here, how long would it take for a company like ADI to maybe requalify some of that business with all their potential customers? 
Vincent Roche: Well, I think we're in a very, I would say, great situation here, Tore. We're very well covered as a company across all the various major OEMs with good penetration, in fact, historically high penetration across all the various OEMs. So I think I should start up the conversation by saying that generally speaking, 5G is a transcendental technology that has yet really to begin. I think we're seeing trials in Japan and Korea at this point in time but has really yet to begin in earnest in any volume. And that's probably going to come in the 2020 time frame. So no matter what happens in terms of puts and takes, carrier and OEM relationships, I think the company is well positioned. 
 And specific to China, I guess it's a question of when deployments happen rather than if they happen. And we still have to navigate a lot of uncertainty here in terms of the trade ban. So we're going to know a lot more, I think, over the next 2, 3 months. But as I said, I think it's a case of when deployments happen globally rather than if. And we're in a good position in terms of the dollar content we've got in the various OEMs and our position across all the OEMs at this point in time. 
Operator: Our next caller comes from Vivek Arya from Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: And good job on maintaining the profitability despite all these macro and the Huawei headwinds. Vince, it's interesting that your comments on industrial sound somewhat more optimistic than some of your peers who have -- are looking at all this tariff situation and they are sounding somewhat more downbeat. Is it some company-specific product cycles? How are you sounding a little more optimistic than what we are hearing from some of your peers? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. It's a good question, Vivek. We, as a company, I think have been more focused than our peers in terms of R&D deployment and customer engagements over the last decade. And I think we are, generally speaking across the board, both at large, say, automation customers, tests and lab equipment-type companies and aerospace and defense, which I've talked a little bit about just a little earlier on, I think we are in a better share position now than we've ever been. It's a big, big part of who we are as a company. 
 So there's tremendous engagement and focus and with many, many tens of thousands of customers. So I think bringing LTC into the fold as well, we increased the strength of our franchise in terms of signal processing but also the power side of things with LT. So I think it's the combination of all those things that has positioned us. It's largely intrinsic or endogenous things we've done over the last decade position us to take share here. So I think it's the strength of our franchise, strength of our customer relationships and the combination with LTC at this point. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Vivek? 
Vivek Arya: Yes. So for the follow-up, I just wanted to make sure we are kind of all level set on what this ban to Huawei actually means, right.  So let's assume that, that ban stays in place. Hopefully, it gets resolved. But for just the purpose of kind of recordkeeping, there is no more Huawei -- your July quarter kind of takes out Huawei. What is -- what should we assume from the following quarters? Should we just assume Huawei goes to 0 after that? What is the right way to kind of derisk the model from a Huawei perspective? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Yes. So for the current quarter, Q3, we've presumed no more shipments. And if you take -- I think your assumption is let's assume that, that ban stays in place, then it's likely that we would be prohibited from continuing to sell to that customer for subsequent quarters. But as Vince has mentioned several times, we are largely customer-agnostic. We have high share in all of the carriers. It's a very different situation than what we had in 4G. So as that demand shifts to other wireless infrastructure carriers, depending on where that deployment happens, we expect to continue to do quite well in providing the necessary technology to enable the deployment of 5G and the continuing deployment and growth of 4G. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar from Piper Jaffray. 
Harsh Kumar: I want to echo my congratulations as well, fantastic job in this rather turbulent environment. I want to follow up on the Vivek's question. Last time we saw this, the song and dance was ZTE getting banned and the expectation was that Huawei would step up and take share. So basically, if I hear you correctly, what I think you're saying is that the customer in question, Huawei, if that's banned, you are suggesting that others, including ZTE, might step up and take share and the impact would be much less than perhaps the direct business that you do with Huawei. Is that the correct way to think about it? 
Vincent Roche: Potentially, yes. I think it really depends now on how the Chinese government and the various carriers, when they reflect on things, how they decide to handle the timing of 5G release at this point in time. But there are options. I think 5G conforms to a standard. And I think all the carriers have different options. They probably have favorites. They've got the first favorite, the second favorite. But there are options. And the way we view it, we are well positioned in terms of our technology portfolio. 
 In fact, many of the things we're doing, particularly in 5G, are highly differentiated, with more content, more coverage in the radio systems than we've ever had. So look, it will certainly help a lot if this trade -- this ban is lifted in a reasonable time period here. But I think irrespective, as I said in my earlier comments, the rollout of 5G is unquestionable. And it will really be a question of timing rather than if the system gets deployed. So yes. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Harsh, so just to, I'll say, unpack a little bit from kind of a numbers standpoint. The things we looked at when we put together our guidance was there's 3 factors. One was the actual shipments to that customer; two were the secondary impact to other customers who ship to that customer; and third would be additional demand picked up by competitors on that customer. And we put all that together, that's how we came up with our guidance. And we kind of think the second, too, so the secondary impact or the additional share impact kind of neutralize to 0. So really, it's all about that customer going to 0 in our outlook. 
Harsh Kumar: Fair enough. Very helpful. And then for my follow-up, we've been trying to talk to other semiconductor companies. And they're all very confused because of just -- it happened -- it all happened so recently. A lot of the companies are saying, well, they sell directly to Huawei, but they also sell a whole bunch through distri. Would you tell us if you guys are prohibited from selling through distri to Huawei as well? Or is there a chance that stuff could -- shipments could be moved around a little bit and perhaps -- I'm not saying the full impact is mitigated, but some partial impact is mitigated at this point? 
Vincent Roche: No, I'd say, look, we're as confused as everybody. The information flow is burst-y and it can be often confusing. So I think the coming days, the coming weeks will bring a lot more clarity to what's actually in the ban and what's out of the ban. But as Mike said very clearly right now, our interpretation is that we will be upholding the ban to the fullest extent and we won't be shipping anything to Huawei for the foreseeable future. 
Michael Lucarelli: And for the avoidance of doubt, we have no channel revenue in the midpoint of our guidance that we expect to go on to this communications customer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur from JP Morgan. 
Harlan Sur: The defense spending budget for this year has been a real tailwind for the team. And it's actually been quite broad-based, right, modernization, aircraft, ground systems, missile defense and so on. A&D obviously has been doing well for the team. Can you just help us understand how A&D has been growing on a year-over-year basis? And then how has the budget focus on modernization helped to kick off maybe some new potential initiatives for the team? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Harlan, we don't talk much at the specific segment level in terms of numbers. But I will share that our aerospace and defense has been doing particularly well. And it was one of the items that helped us offset some of the decline we saw in other industrial. The overall -- sort of in the second quarter results, that year-over-year growth was pretty substantial, I call it north of 25% on a year-over-year basis for aerospace. 
 We are benefiting from those record military budgets that you've meant. So it's across all of our application areas, the communications, the UAVs, radars, space exploration areas. The combination with Hittite also helped bring a lot of new technologies that we can take advantage. So it's been a great business for us. And we see that continued modernization of defense is going to pay dividends in growth for ADI for several quarters to come. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. And just to level set on the call, our industrial business is 50% of sales, but it's very diverse within that 50%. So I'll just remind everyone that aerospace and defense is about 20% of industrial, automation is about 20% of industrial, instrumentation is about 20% to 25%, health care is just above 10% and then there's a remainder across a bunch of, I'll call it, smaller customers. So it's a very diverse business within industrial for us. Do you have a follow-up, Harlan? 
Harlan Sur: Yes. I appreciate the insights. So within the comms business, really appreciate the insights on some of the new opportunities in optical, especially around signal processing and control. I believe that within wireline though over the past couple of quarters, you've seen some weakness in 100 gig for optical networking targeted at cloud data centers on the well-known sort of capacity digestion by the hyperscalers. Are you guys starting to see fundamentals in 100 gig starting to improve kind of near term? 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes.  And our wireline business had been growing. In the last quarter, it grew mid-single digits year-over-year. And the quarter before that was about 10% year-over-year. So I think it is impacting some. Our wireline business has been a quite steady growth market for us. It's been overshadowed by the wireless, I'll say, actually growing much faster. But the wireline for us and optical within that has been growing. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think data centers today still largely 100 gig-based. But the fastest growth we're experiencing is in 400 gig. And that's both the kind of the metro long-haul as well as data centers. So as this data need continues to double every 2.5 years, we're going to continue to see an aggressive move into 400 gig, and in fact, to 1 terabit and beyond over the coming few years here. So I think it's a mixture. And we're seeing strength across the board in our portfolio. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: First, congratulations on the automotive business being flat year-over-year. It's a solid quarter by any measure. I know, Vince, you gave the color on some of those drivers with BMS, et cetera. But from a bigger-picture perspective, you guys had been underperforming for a few years. And now you're outperforming. Is this a sign of an inflection point that you think like going forward, you can go back to at least performing in line with peers or even outperforming? Or do you view this as just kind of 1 quarter of improvement in that regard? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So Ross, let me level set how we did in the first half, and then let Vince kind of talk more broadly. So first, remember that we run our business on a -- we run the channel really on a POS basis, but we report our revenue on a POA basis. So in the second quarter, POS was down just slightly, very low single digits, but much better versus units. So we did see a little bit of modest build in the channel. And that helped growth. But within that, certainly very strong performance in BMS, power and A2B. Vince mentioned that we've got the cabin electronics and some other businesses exposed to SAAR. 
 So as we look forward to the second half of this year, a little bit of that channel build that we saw in the first half is probably going to provide some headwind because again we do manage the business on a POS basis. But the optimism that we have been talking about for over a year now and the inflection in our auto business that we really expect to start in 2020, that remains a high conviction. And I'll let Vince maybe talk more about what's behind that. 
Vincent Roche: Ross, if we go back several years, we withdrew R&D and support. We still ship some sensor products. But we've largely seen the, I think, the tailing off of some of our more commoditized MEMS sensing business begin to stabilize there. If I look at the areas where we're seeing the growth come from as a company, I think our infotainment business remains very, very strong. It's been growing year-on-year now for several. BMS, still a very, very small penetration of electric vehicles in overall SAAR. And by the month, we get more and more convinced that, that's going to be a very significant business for the company. And that's -- that business is doing better and better for us. In fact, we have been capitalizing that business as well. We -- in comparison, if you'd like, the portfolio from LTC, so we've been capitalizing the business in terms of R&D and equipment to make sure that we can meet the upside demand here for new products as well as supply line for the long term. 
 I mentioned a little bit earlier on as well that our power business, the LT portfolio is doing increasingly better when compared to the market at large. And when you take these new, emerging Level 3, Level 4 sensing systems that need, call it, modalities like IMUs, that need these advanced image quality radar systems and LIDAR, we are in virtually all the really important high-end solutions that are emerging at Level 3 and above. So I think our business has been largely the -- the headwind on our business from the sensor side of things is abating. And these new product modalities are getting stronger and stronger in terms of traction. So that's kind of the story in automotive for you. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Ross? 
Ross Seymore: Yes. I just wanted to pivot back to the comms side of things and appreciating all the uncertainty and the details you've given on the call thus far. One other aspect that investors are focused on is the inventory in that area. And I know it's difficult to discern. But how are you viewing any prebuying that might have been occurring specifically from the now-banned customer? And I think what people are concerned about is even if the ban ends, was there enough prebuying buffer that the snapback afterwards might not actually occur? So any color you could have on the inventory in that channel and specifically any prebuying would be appreciated. 
Vincent Roche: I think the inventory in general, Ross, across the board, all are OEMs in the communications area, these new advanced architectures. I think the inventory is very, very well balanced. I don't see anything untoward or anomalous. And I think things are in good balance there. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, Ross. I'll say even before the ban came in place, we expect our communications business -- we thought before that ban was going to grow sequentially. So I don't think prebuying was a big worry of ours, given our good share across the board. Now that obviously has changed. And we think it's not going to grow sequentially. And probably on a year-over-year basis, it's only up slightly. Kind of help you for some context there. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think the way to think about this as well in terms of inventory balance, like most of ADI's portfolio, it's really more a question of when the inventories that we have sell rather than if. I think that's generic to all these core B2B businesses for ADI. 
Operator: Our next question is from William Stein from SunTrust. 
William Stein: First, I'm wondering if you've analyzed or if there's any impact we might expect from additional stop ship orders that have been speculated in the press. For example, I think it's pronounced HikVision. I might not be getting that right. But I'm wondering if you have an exposure to these surveillance companies in China that look like they could potentially be customers. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Well, it's a good question. I would emphasize that the rest of the ADI business is very broad and diverse. So as more companies may be identified, there will certainly be some analysis that we will have to do. But unlike the communications business, which is among our most concentrated, the diversity of our franchise and the large number of customers that we sell to provide great insulation against having kind of macro shocks from these political impacts. 
William Stein: That's really helpful. One more if I can. Can you talk about both for the quarter, juxtapose it in for the guidance, the trends within the consumer business and specifically the split between your traditional prosumer business and the more volatile handset part of the business? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. So we've -- we originally said the -- that consumer is going to be down 10% to 20% in 2019. Our forecast is really now at the high end of that. We expect to be down 20% year-over-year. We continue to see some weakness in the portables market. We are seeing a little bit of unanticipated weakness in prosumer. And how much of that is driven by the macro environments and such, we're trying to assess right now. But we do think that kind of the worst is behind us and that the long-term growth for the prosumer business should really align closer to GDP. And it's really similar to our B2B business. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. From a standpoint, as we exit this year, we expect our portables business and our prosumer business to be about equal in size, so that should provide some more stability to that consumer business for us going forward. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I just wanted to make sure I understood the exposure to the large customer and in terms of the model, Prashanth. Should we be then thinking -- you gave us a trailing 12-month number. But should we be thinking high single digit? And then based on your answer to an earlier question in terms of derisking the model, should we assume for the next 2, 3 quarters, you get none of that and then you start to -- other customers to pick up slack maybe 2, 3 quarters down the road? Is that the right way to think about the model and then the OpEx impact as well? 
Michael Lucarelli: Ambrish, I'll answer the first part of your question. So I think we were pretty clear on the prepared remarks saying our largest customers within comms was mid-single digit at most in the trailing 12 months. We did have a couple weeks of shipments, I would say, in this quarter. So that won't repeat next quarter. And after that doesn't repeat in 3Q, I would put 0 in going forward until the ban is lifted. 
Ambrish Srivastava: And the OpEx trajectory, how should we think about the OpEx? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Look, the OpEx is -- we're going to continue to invest in the business. Of course, where appropriate, we're going to look at our discretionary cost. But I wouldn't make a meaningful change to how we think about the OpEx. The first lever that absorbs the chock of our revenue decline is our variable compensation. So that will, of course, be impacted by decline in revenue. But beyond that, we're going to -- we're committed to investing today for products and technologies that come to market several years out. 
Vincent Roche: I think the way to look at it, Ambrish, is that the demand for our technologies is absolutely unprecedented. So we're keeping our eye on the long term in terms of making sure that we have aggressive funding in place to fund all the R&D programs that we think are critical to the company's future, the same with our customer engagements. And I mentioned a little while ago also, we ramped our capital expenditures to make sure, particularly on the LT side of the business, that we have what we need to get our products to market faster and get the supply to our customers, that we know the opportunity is there, so we're keeping our eye on the long-term prize here. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Ambrish? 
Ambrish Srivastava: I do. Just a quick one then. In your B2B guide, I think, Vince, you mentioned -- you gave the color on the industrial. And then should auto -- we should expect that to be up year-over-year in the current quarter that we are in? 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, Ambrish, yes.  Vince gave some comments. Industrial actually should be down year-over-year, but the growth will be better than the second quarter is how to think about industrial first off. Auto also, I would say, probably down year-over-year but much better than what I would say units are doing out there to the thing we talked about in the other Q&A remarks, BMS and power and A2B ramping. And communications, we also discussed it should be about, I would say, flat to up slightly year-over-year. So that should kind of help you get to that low single-digit guide for B2B as a combination. 
 With that, thank you, Ambrish, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website. And all available reconciliations will also be on the website. Thank you, and we'll talk to you guys soon. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-19 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web.
 I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Conference Call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com.
 Now onto the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and in our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Our comment today about ADI's first quarter fiscal 2019 financial results and short-term outlook will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which include -- excludes special items. When comparing our results to historical performance, special items are also excluded from these prior quarter and year-over-year results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release.
 As a reminder, the first quarter of 2018 was a 14-week quarter. In addition, this is the first quarter of our adoption of ASC 606 or sell-in accounting. We have restated our historical financial statements to conform to this standard, and posted a 2-year quarterly end-market look-back for revenue on our investor site. All comments during today's call on revenue growth and our commentary during Q&A will exclude this extra week and be on a sell-in basis, unless otherwise stated.
 In addition, as we move to sell-in accounting and further refine LTC's product mapping in the channel, we have adjusted approximately $80 million of annual revenue from communications to consumer. The new mapping does not impact industrial or automotive revenue.
 Okay. With that, I'll turn over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Mike, and a very good morning to everybody. The first quarter of fiscal 2019 was another very successful quarter for ADI. In what is a challenging macroeconomic environment, we're executing soundly and delivering strong results. Revenue of $1.54 billion in the first quarter came in at the high-end of our guidance, led by our strong year-over-year growth in our B2B markets. This growth was driven predominantly by continued strength in our communications market related to ongoing 4G upgrades and initial 5G deployments. Adjusted operating margins of over 41% were above the midpoint of guidance, as we balanced our strategic investments with prudent discretionary spend. All told, adjusted EPS was $1.33, also at the high-end of guidance.
 Over the past 12 months, we have generated over $2.1 billion in free cash flow or 35% of revenue, which places ADI in the top 5% of the S&P 500. And over that same time period, we've returned more than 100% of free cash flow to our shareholders after debt repayments.
 Now while macro uncertainties continue to exist, our strong execution and results enable us to continue to invest in extending over franchise in strategic areas where we see attractive opportunities for future growth. To that end, we're investing record levels of R&D to push the boundaries of innovation and expand the breadth and depth of our franchise. In addition, we've increased our investments in our go-to-market activities to further broaden and deepen our customer reach and our engagements.
 The strength and resiliency of our business model allows us to innovate regardless of business conditions. This ability is imperative given the long life cycles in our markets, where average product life span is a decade or indeed more. And while some competitors pull back and lose momentum in uncertain times, we plan to continuously invest to build upon our virtuous cycle of innovation-led growth.
 In my 30-plus year career with ADI, I've never been more confident or excited about our prospects than I am today. The third wave of information and communications technology is creating an inflection in the analog industry. And we've built a product portfolio aimed at favorable macro trends that I believe will provide tailwinds for years to come.
 Now I'll provide you with some examples of what we're seeing in our B2B market specifically.
 Today, industrial customers are balancing CapEx deployments with tariff uncertainty. However, our customers remain focused on digitizing the factory and securing the efficiency and productivity that will fuel their future growth. The move to the digital factory requires more high-performance signal processing and power management, additional sensors and more robust connectivity. These are all areas where ADI excels.
 On the automotive front, vehicle unit growth has stalled recently. But the real growth drivers, electric and autonomous vehicles, are in the nascent stages. Electric vehicles represent only 1% of worldwide sales, but industry reports suggest this will climb to more than 15% over the next decade or so. The powertrain in an electric vehicle opens the opportunity for us to address up to 3x the content compared to combustion engines.
 Today, we enjoy the luxuries of Level 2 autonomous vehicles, but the cars of the future will require higher precision and up to 4x more sensors per car to provide the necessary level of safety for a fully autonomous vehicle. And it's not just about radar or cameras. We expect that these cars of the future will require LIDARs and IMUs as well. ADI is uniquely positioned to provide the necessary building blocks across all these sensing modalities as well as the analog and mixed single processing, RF and microwave connectivity, algorithms and power management to make the autonomous vision a reality.
 In communications, carriers are looking to upgrade both the wireless networks and the optical backbone to deal with the ever increasing deluge of data being created and transmitted. This additional data intensifies the need for spectral, space, thermal and cost efficiency. And with our comprehensive portfolio of software-defined mixed signal, RF, microwave and power management technologies, we're creating very compelling solutions for our customers as they upgrade 4G networks and begin the introduction of 5G systems.
 An important bridge between 4G and 5G is the introduction of massive MIMO radio systems. And ADI's software-defined transceiver technology is at their core. These upgrades to massive MIMO systems are just beginning today. And the increase in radio count expands our content opportunity by up to 4x when compared to traditional 4G systems.
 This phase will be followed by network expansions to higher frequencies to increase bandwidth as well as the upgrade of the optical backhaul and virtualization of the network to more efficiently move the data. This next wave will once again create the opportunity for ADI to address additional content, both in the radio as well as in the optical network.
 We see these upgrades towards 5G as a multi-year cycle that's just beginning, and are expected to provide tailwinds to our business well into the future.
 And lastly, in health care, the dual impact of an aging global population and the pressing need to more economically and effectively manage wellness is driving continued investments in our products by our customers. Here we're complementing our high-end component franchise with highly integrated subsystems, thereby extending our addressable market to capture new levels of value. For example, in digital x-ray, we're creating highly integrated photons to bit subsystems that enable our customers to deliver high fidelity images at lower radiation dosages. Separately, ADI's deep expertise in vital signs monitoring and ultra-low power electronics enable clinical-grade performance under battery power, allowing us to deliver high accuracy, portable monitoring at virtually any point of use.
 Now in closing, as the saying goes, a rising tide lifts all ships, the true test of a company's strategy, execution and value is its performance during a low tide. Now we've chosen a strategy that focuses on innovation, diversity across technologies, markets and applications and continuous improvement across every aspect of our performance. And the results speak for themselves. We're confident that our ethos and heritage of innovation, leadership in high-performance analog, deep relationships with our customers and alignment to favorable macro trends positions us to create to continue to outperform, capture more value, expand our addressable market and deliver strong results for our shareholders.
 And so with that, I will hand it over to Prashanth, who will bring you through more detail. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my welcome to our first quarter earnings call.
 My comments today with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses will be on an adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2018 was a 14-week quarter, and we have now adopted ASC 606 or sell-in accounting. We have restated our historical financial statements to conform. And as Mike mentioned, we've also posted a 2-year quarterly end-market look-back for revenue on a sell-in basis.
 To normalize our growth rates and give you a like-for-like comparison, my prepared remarks and our Q&A commentary will exclude this extra week and will be on a sell-in basis, unless otherwise stated.
 Now onto the quarter. In the face of geopolitical uncertainty, we are pleased to report strong first quarter results with revenue, operating margin and EPS all coming in above the midpoint of our guidance. Additionally, we are delighted to have increased our dividend by almost 13%, the largest increase since 2013. And we also raised our dividend growth target to 7% to 15% annually. This reflects our strong financial results as well as our optimism regarding ADI's future.
 Before diving into the income statement, let me first cover the end markets. Our first quarter B2B revenue increased 10% year-over-year, led by exceptional growth in the communication market, driven by ongoing momentum in 4G and the initial 5G deployments. The industrial market represented 47% of sales in the quarter and revenue was roughly flat compared to the year-ago quarter. Within this highly diversified business, revenue growth in health care, electronic test and measurement, aerospace and defense were balanced by weaker demand in factory automation and memory test.
 The comms market represented 22% of sales during the quarter and experienced very strong double-digit year-over-year growth, led by strength in wireless. This growth exceeded our expectations and illustrates the strong momentum ADI is experiencing in traditional 4G systems and in the early deployments of 5G massive MIMO. We see 5G as a multi-year upgrade cycle that is expected to deliver continued growth over the coming years.
 Our auto business represented 17% of sales in the quarter, and based on sell-through revenue, was essentially flat compared to the year-ago quarter. Overall vehicle unit weakness was offset by double-digit growth in BMS, growth in power management as we bring new products to market and extend our customer reach and ramping sales of A2B. The 6% year-over-year reported growth from our end-market breakout is primarily due to sell-in accounting as we moved some customers from direct to distribution during the quarter.
 And lastly, our consumer business represented 14% of sales in the first quarter. As expected, revenues declined year-over-year. However, portables declined less than expected.
 Now onto the P&L. Revenue for the quarter was at the high-end of our guidance at approximately $1.54 billion, up 6% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 70.3% and lower year-over-year due to end-market mix and lower utilization rates. OpEx in the quarter was $448 million, down slightly sequentially and below the midpoint of guidance, as we balanced our strategic investments with prudent discretionary spend. This translated to an operating margin of 41.2%, which was at the high-end of our guided range. Non-op expenses in the first quarter were $56 million, unchanged from 4Q, but lower than a year ago, due to our debt reduction of $1.2 billion over the past year.
 Our tax rate for the quarter was just above 14% and at the lower end of outlook of 14% to 16%. All told, adjusted diluted earnings per share from the first quarter came in above the midpoint of guidance at $1.33.
 Now moving on to the balance sheet. Inventory dollars increased slightly sequentially, while days were flat at 117 compared to fourth quarter. As a reminder, in the coming quarters, we will begin to build bridge inventory ahead of the closure of our front-end and back-end facilities that we expect to deliver another $100 million of cost synergies. So we plan to modestly increase our inventory days temporarily until these closures are complete.
 Distribution inventory days were down, both sequentially and year-over-year and remain in our target range. CapEx in the first quarter was $91 million or 6% of sales. For the full year, we anticipate CapEx may run modestly higher than our 4% model due to the co-location of our product and business development teams and additional capacity to support future linear growth. This would be a temporary deviation from our long-term model.
 Free cash flow was $2.1 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Over the past 12 months, we have returned 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks after debt repayments.
 In the first quarter, we repaid $100 million of debt, paid $178 million in dividends and repurchased $227 million of our stock or roughly 2.5 million shares.
 Now onto guidance, which again with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses is also on an adjusted basis, excluding items outlined in today's release. As a reminder, our guidance is based on sell-in or POA accounting. For context, during 2018, the change in channel inventory for the year was minimal, as channel inventory increased in the first half and was reduced in the second half of the year. On average, over the past 3 years, channel inventory impacts annual revenue by about 1%, while quarterly variances could be and have been larger.
 Second quarter revenue is expected to be $1.5 billion, plus or minus $50 million. At the midpoint, we expect our B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications in the aggregate to increase slightly year-over-year, led by the communications market. At the midpoint of guidance, we expect second quarter operating margin to be up slightly sequentially at 41.3%.
 Non-op expenses are expected to be basically flat sequentially, and we are planning for our tax rate to be towards the lower end of our previously guided range of 14% to 16%. Based on these inputs, diluted EPS, excluding special items, is expected to be $1.30, plus or minus $0.07. All in, it was a strong quarter to kick off fiscal '19. And while we are mindful of the economic uncertainty around us, I will echo Vince's optimism and say that we are extremely confident in the long-term growth opportunities for ADI.
 And with that, I'll turn over to Mike to start our Q&A. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Okay. Before we move to Q&A, one last reminder from IR. Our growth commentary will be on a normalized 13-week basis and on sell-in, unless we otherwise state it. Now let's get to the Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, can we have our first question, please. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I just wanted to put your guide with respect to what the peers have reported and guided to. Is it fair to assume that it's really, the sell-in accounting change is one of the bigger factors in your Q-over-Q guide being different than your peers like [ Dixon ] and Maxim. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: No, Ambrish, I'm not sure why you'd conclude that. Our guide -- we're not -- as I mentioned, we're not guiding point-of-sale anymore. We're on a sell-in basis. But the guide is at the $1,541 million midpoint of growth -- excuse me, at the $1,500 million midpoint. The guide should be on a year-over-year basis. If you were to take an assumption on flat inventory channel, you would still see a pretty strong sequential or year-over-year growth number there. 
Michael Lucarelli: Ambrish, just some context there. As Prashanth said in his prepared remarks, we built inventory in the first half of the year and -- in '18 and this year, we're not planning to build as much. So that would actually be counter to what you said. 
Vincent Roche: Ambrish, if you take our outlook for the next quarter, 2Q, basically, our days in the channel are flat. So it's certainly not an inventory build or sell-in issue. We run the company on a sell-through basis. So I want to make that clear. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Ambrish? 
Ambrish Srivastava: I did. I just wanted to make sure I got that right. A bit longer-term, Vince, on the 5G versus 4G. Can you just help us understand what are the different dynamics architecture wise? And also the content gains that you expect? I know it's multi-flavor rollout, multi-year rollout, but how should we think about your positioning versus what it was in 4G? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So the 4G build-outs are continuing. I think that will be the story for the next couple of years in terms of revenue contribution to ADI. But of course, 4G is being upgraded. We're adding massive MIMO, for example, to direct the energy and improve spectral efficiency. So I think we have a very high share at the present time in 4G and in the initial stages of 5G. And what we're seeing right now is, as I said, the 4G phase continues. I think there are multiple years left where 4G will be the primary platform. But we're in the initial stages of 5G deployments. But really 5G has yet to materialize. When it comes to looking at the content, I would say, these new generations of 4G create 4x more content value for ADI. And of course, when we move to 5G with the higher-frequency systems, the microwave systems and the densification of these massive MIMO systems, there is another bump that we expect to get in content there. So -- and that's, by the way, before we add in the power management portfolio as well. So as I've said before, for every $1 of analog content, of mixed-signal content, there's at least $1 of power. And I'm pleased to say that we are at the early stages of attaching our LT power management portfolio to our 4G and 5G story as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Stifel Nicolaus. 
Tore Svanberg: First question, I'm intrigued by the investments you're doing in health care. I assume that up until now, that's mainly  sort of a B2B business. But there seems to be a lot of things going on in the consumer side. So should we expect ADI to participate both in B2B and in consumer when it comes to health care? 
Vincent Roche: It's a good question. Well, most of what we're doing is, for example in the more point-of-use, the clinical grid vital signs monitoring, we are focusing very much on the higher end of the sensing and signal processing activity there. So we're not -- true to form with ADI, we are focused on really solving the toughest problems and enabling consumers to wear new health care sensing technologies to predict and help monitor wellness and indeed recovery from health situations. So I would say that the way to think about this story is that we're going to be focused largely on more B2B type activities. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Tore? 
Tore Svanberg: That's very helpful. Yes. Question for Prashanth. Prashanth, you said, as you go through the manufacturing transition, your inventories are going to go up. Can you give us a sense for how much we're talking about here? Maybe you could give us a range on inventory day? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Tore. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had committed to some additional cost synergies relating to the shutdown of 2 sites that we acquired as part of the LTC acquisition. And these shutdowns should generate an incremental $100 million of cost synergies, all of which is in cost of goods. To help us through that transition, we're going to be needing to put a little bit more inventory internally on to our balance sheets. And hard to kind of pinpoint too much at this early stage, but we're estimating around 5 days is what would be necessary to kind of carry us through the -- bridging the closure of those 2 facilities. And then once those facilities are up and running, we'll burn that off. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: Back to the sell-in accounting. So if I compare the new revenue profile with the old one, I note a considerable amount of revenue, particularly from industrial that moved from the second half of '18 to the first half. As you said, you built in the first and sold off in the second, and it shows up in the change. But it was a lot of revenue. Was the magnitude of this draw down bigger than what you would typically see in your ordinary patterns, just maybe given the stronger demand environment we had in the first half. I guess, maybe, just to put in other words, like, is the magnitude of the draw down in the channel that we saw in the second half bigger than what we would see? And is the channel right now leaner than when it ordinarily be in a normal second half? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Stacy. Let me break that into 2 pieces. So first, if you think back to last year, it was around summer that we were one of the first companies to indicate that we were beginning to see some challenge in the factory automation space, given what was going on, particularly with China. So being proactive on that, we began to constrain the amount of inventory going into the channel in preparation of the uncertain times ahead. So yes, last year, we did see a more significant kind of correction to inventory in the channel in the second half given the macro environment. As we -- so now setting that up for this year, now that we are on sell-in accounting, that creates for some tough comps in the first half. And again, as we move into the second half now, we'll also be lapping the softer business environment as well as the inventory channel correction. So we do feel pretty good that the growth kind of gets better for industrial from here on forward. And in terms of what's in the channel, today, we're at about 7.5 weeks, and that's kind of right in the range that we guide to. As Vince mentioned, and this is important, we focused running the business on a POS basis. So the inventory in the channel for us is striking that balance in what is necessary to serve our customers, and it's less about kind of managing a particular revenue number. It is -- POS is what drives our decisions on what we put in the channel. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Stacy. Do you have a follow-up? 
Stacy Rasgon: I do. I wanted to ask about OpEx. So you were kind of flattish year-over-year in Q1. You're guiding kind of flattish in Q2. But at the same time, you're talking about continually investing in new opportunities. So I guess, in particular, giving the current situation which does seem somewhat uncertain, how should we be thinking about OpEx growth maybe relative to revenue growth as we go through the rest of the year? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. I would say that, if you think historically, there has been a sort of a meaningful change in OpEx when we move from first quarter to second quarter. We told you in the last earnings call that, that would not be the case this year, that our first quarter would be a little bit higher but that -- and there were some one-timers that we talked about in the last call, but we're behind that. And as we move through the balance of the year, we're expecting OpEx to be relatively flattish. The biggest driver on frankly will continue to be variable compensation, which is designed to adjust the spend in line with the profit and the revenue growth. R&D today runs at about 18% of revenue, and we really consider that fully funded. So we will work within that envelope to deliver the product development needs that are required. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar, Piper Jaffray. 
Harsh Kumar: Gross margin came down, I assume that was just mix with sort of B2B sort of hurting a little bit and consumer coming in stronger. How are you expecting to manage the factory or the fab, and therefore, the utilization and gross margin in the coming few quarters? 
Vincent Roche: Well, first quarter, we had lower utilization. But we expect that utilization will increase in the second quarter and through the rest of our fiscal year here. So we'll, I think, keep pretty high level of utilization. And also, the 70.3% margins that we posted in the first quarter, as the mix towards industrial improves, we would expect also the gross margin to improve. So I think, utilization is in good shape across the company, and I think as well we are probably seeing what would be the lower point of the gross margin activity right now, and that will certainly improve as the industrial business improves. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Harsh, your comments are correct. Just one clarification there. It was growth in consumer, but it was also the growth in communications. So both of them were responsible for the end-market mix. And do remember that we are left -- this was the current quarter where we have the typical holiday shutdown. So utilizations do -- are at the lowest point typically over the holiday season. So with that, we'll go to our next caller. 
Vincent Roche: You can have a follow-up, Harsh? 
Harsh Kumar: Yes. So quick question on the automotive. So I got excited looking at your automotive number before realizing that there's a lot of sell-in stuff going on. Could you give us some color on how it held up if you back out the sell-in? And if you are unwilling to do that, maybe talk about, you had sort of laid out some targets on when you start to see some real growth, mid- to high-single digit kind of numbers in automotive a year or even slightly more than that out. How do you feel about that number -- that time frame? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Great. Great, Harsh. Thank you. I'm going to do the first part and let Vince take the second part. So as I said in the prepared remarks, we moved some customers who were direct into the channel. So as a result, there was a little bit build in inventory associated with that. Normally that would not be revenue for us, remember that. And the growth, if you want to think about what does the auto growth do to sell-in, that would have been a flat number. So auto growth in the quarter, as we think about it, natural demand was flattish. And we would say that the -- for the first half, we kind of expect that to be flattish because the second quarter is going to have the corresponding offset from what we -- from the inventory build that we had in the first quarter. Channel inventory overall was kind of minimal quarter-over-quarter. So auto was up, but the other markets were down. With that let me -- let Vince talk to kind of longer-term auto growth. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So we're expecting to the -- through 2018, the ADI specific, the legacy ADI portion of our business grew in the high-single digits. The LT portion was in the lower single digits. But let me tell you a couple of things that we've been driving hard in our business. Or BMS, the battery management solutions, that were legacy LTC, we've been growing that in double digits over the past 3 quarters or so. And we're looking at the remainder of this year, the full 2019 as a double-digit growth year in that particular area. And in fact, I think Prashanth indicated in his CapEx remarks that one of the reasons we're increasing CapEx is to enable us to put the equipment in place to get our products to market faster in that particular area and to put the test coverage that we need as well in our back-end. I'm glad to say as well that we're winning incremental power sockets in the automotive sector. We're bringing power to new customers. And we've seen just in this last quarter, in fact our power portfolio grew in the automotive sector on a year-over-year basis. Legacy ADI, our infotainment business, continues to flourish, and we're winning many premium audio sockets. And also attaching LT power again to everything that we do in the automotive area. So we've just launched as well some very exciting high-resolution radar technology at the 77-gigahertz level, so that's yet to come. But all the early indications are that we're starting to get traction there. So I think we've many technologies and product areas that are well aligned with the critical themes in automotive around autonomy and electrification. And we now have the best portfolio in the industry to attack these opportunities. 
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: The commentary on B2B, up slightly, can you frame that, if you look it between comm, industrial and automotive, just kind of a rough sense of how you expect those markets to trend year-over-year? 
Michael Lucarelli: Sure. Craig, comm will lead that growth, I would say. Industrial will be down year-over-year. Remember, last 2Q was a very, very strong quarter. I think we grew double digits sequentially in 2Q. That was kind of our peak industrial revenue a year ago. It was a tough comp, plus we also talked about the inventory change in the channel year-over-year. Automotive is going to be down year-over-year, as we talked about the sell-in versus sell-through accounting. So for auto, I would think, look at basically first half '19 flattish versus first half '18. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And that is flattish auto with unit -- with vehicle unit sales down. So we do recognize that, that is a good accomplishment given the decline in vehicle production. 
Michael Lucarelli: So then comms will be another strong double-digit grower year-over-year. Pull that together, increases slightly sequentially. And that's even with, I'll call, the offset of auto being a bit weaker because of the sell-in accounting. If you took that away, B2B is up probably 2%, 3% year-on-year. 
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. Appreciate the color there. And then, Vince, just a question. Understanding there's some near-term cyclical pressure on the industrial market, can you talk through just design engagements with customers and things that once you see some of the cyclical pressure ease, how that business could get kind of back on track? 
Vincent Roche: It's a good question, Craig. We have an opportunity pipeline now both on legacy ADI and LT legacy power products, in particular, that is at an all-time record high. So we're basically converting that pipeline across-the-board, and we've a broader and deeper position in the automation sector. We've extended our reach into electronic test and measurement, which complements our more vertically oriented memory test area quite well. And the energy sector as well is doing well for the company and on a year-over-year basis has been growing. So -- all the things we do around sensing, measuring, interpreting, powering and connecting, those technologies are getting used in more and more places in the industrial sector and in the aerospace and defense as well. So we have a bigger portfolio. We've got more sales and application resource out there, deeply engaging with our customers every day. So my sense is, if I were to put a target growth number on it, I think we have the opportunity to grow consistently in the mid- to high-single digit area over the coming 5, 7 years. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis, Barclays. 
Thomas O'Malley: This is Tom O'Malley on for Blayne Curtis. Just want to cover something you guys mentioned early in the call. I think you said that you moved $80 million from comm to consumer. Could you describe what you're moving over and kind of the growth profile of that chunk of revenue? 
Michael Lucarelli: Tom, this mainly relates to prosumer business. So think of like Polycoms and that type of stuff for conference calls, that -- those type of things we moved from comms. The legacy for Linear were in communications, we put those into consumer where ADI puts them, as prosumer typically is a GDP-plus business growth wise. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: It was customer mapping as we continue to finish the integration process with LTC. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So it's basically the nonportable stuff, and it looks and feels like a B2B business. Lots of customers and products and longer product life cycles when compared to the portable area. So that's the change that's taking place. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up? 
Thomas O'Malley: Yes. I guess, just moving on more towards the comm side. You guys were talking about how 4G is really still strong and you guys are seeing the 4x content increase for massive MIMO ahead of what people are really excited about in 5G. Can you kind of talk about the timing of that? And how much legs, you think, are left of that before that 5G transition should that happen in the next couple of quarters? 
Vincent Roche: Well, different people have different definitions of what constitutes 4G and 5G. I would say anything that is 4G with a massive MIMO connected to it is 4.5G, some people call that 5G. So that's already in play, and that's one of the strongest growth drivers in our portfolio. And I think that will be the story for, at least, another 12 to 18 months. I think it's going to be the very advanced 4G technologies that are beginning to utilize that bridge technology to 5G, which is massive MIMO. I see true massive -- true 5G being a 2021, '22 introduction point. So I think -- you will see trials, of course, in the meantime of the classical microwave-driven 5G, but I think that's still a couple of years out. 
Operator: Our next question is from William Stein, SunTrust. 
William Stein: First, I'd like you to remind us about the capital allocation strategy for the company. There was a dividend increase. Also taking a step back, you're now below 2 turns of net leverage. There was for a time a concern around leverage that's clearly behind us now. But the last 2 acquisitions you did, Hittite and Linear, I think, are proving very successful. And in the context of the broader capital allocation strategy, I'm hoping you might comment on your appetite for M&A, which has been, maybe gotten a little bit out of style in the last year or so, but I would suspect should still be on the top of ADI's mind given the success you've had? 
Vincent Roche: Well, the first call on our capital is to make sure that we invest to the fullest extent in building the greatest products and getting these products to market. So that's the first call. And we're investing, in fact our OpEx is at a record level this year, our fixed OpEx. And so that's the first call on capital. We have committed to returning all our free cash flow after debt repayment to our shareholders. We -- that's the track we're on. We are very happy with where we are right now as a company with the combination of ADI legacy, Hittite and LT. So we're still integrating LT and creating the leverage that we know we can create with that franchise. So that's where we are right now. And we've been doing some tuck-in acquisitions over the last 12 months, we'll continue to do that, but I think, that's the way to think about it right now. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow-up, Will? 
William Stein: Yes. I'm wondering if you can comment on the degree to which you believe the trade conflict has been hurting your business. I think it's clear, there has been some effect, maybe not as much as others because, in particular, the comp strength, but to what degree you see that already embedded in orders? And what you think sort of the future holds if there is a trade agreement in regards to your backlog and your trend of business? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Let me start and then let Vince add some more color. I just want to get to your question on orders. So -- I know that's probably on many people's minds. January orders were stronger than December. Now that's not unusual for us, but it is a good sign, and that was strength in orders across all of our B2B markets. Now February has Chinese New Year, so there's a lot of noise in that. But going into the Chinese New Year, orders remain strong. And while it is a noisy metric, and we do -- but we do look at it, our 4-week book-to-bill is higher than both our 8-week and our 13-week. But I do want to emphasize that is a very noisy metric, but for whatever that's worth. 
Vincent Roche: I think that's fine, Prashanth. 
Operator: And our next question comes from John Pitzer, Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Both of mine are relative to the comms business. I guess, Vince, when I adjust for the extra week and the change in accounting, the comms business was up north of 40% year-over-year in the January quarter, just excellent results. But as you start to kind of lap the law of large numbers and hard compares, what do you think the sustainable growth rate in the comms business should be over a longer period of time? I guess, if you look at the last several quarters, you've grown revenue on a quarterly basis by almost $100 million. I'm wondering if you could help us break down the buckets of that growth between sort of massive MIMO, 5G, Hittite? And maybe to follow on to Will's question. There is some concern out there that perhaps you're seeing a pull-in from some of your Chinese customers relative to concerns about their ability to get parts or tariffs. Are you seeing any sort of pull-ins in these numbers or not? 
Vincent Roche: Well, I think, there probably is some. And I don't see anything unnatural in the numbers incidentally. But there is obviously some pull-in. There is anxiety around the current trade tension situation. But also remember, there are  -- particularly in China, there are planned releases of advanced 4G systems and the trialing of 5G systems, so that's taking place. I think our story is dominated primarily by the fact that we have much more content than we've ever had historically in these systems of ever increasing complexity. It's -- off the top of my head, John, it's hard to give you a breakdown of what the individual pieces are in terms of the contribution from legacy ADI, Linear and Hittite. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks and certainly in the Q&A here, we're beginning to see the early stages of LTC power being adopted. So the portfolio today is largely dominated by legacy ADI mixed signal. We're at the early stage of adoption of LT. And Hittite is a tremendous source of strength in the higher frequency -- connect the  -- products that connect to the antenna. And all that said, my expectation is with the content and with the expectations of our customers, that, that business will grow at double-digits for the next several years. 
John Pitzer: And then Vince... 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks John, in the interest of time we'll -- go ahead, John. 
John Pitzer: You got me started. We can take it off-line. Well, I was just going to say on the 4x content story, what percentage of your comms revenue does that content story cover? Or are you really kind of guiding that at some point in the future we can go back and look at a quarterly revenue run rate that's kind of 4x what it was maybe 2 or 3 years ago? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So at a high level, John, 2018 was really about share gains on traditional 4G. Doesn't really include that 4x content. That 4x content comment relates to, as you move to more radios and massive MIMO, the radios go up by 8x, the content opportunity for us up at 4x, and we're adding Linear power on to that. So that's really in the future. So at a high level, '18 is about 4G share gains, '19 and beyond will be about moving to massive MIMO and the 4x content. 
Operator: Your last question comes from C.J. Muse, Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: I guess to follow-up on a handful of the previous questions. Your industrial business definitely proved more resilient than I think most of us were thinking coming in. And so just curious, how much of that do you think was a result of moving to sell-in versus your particular portfolio? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: I would say, none of that was really due to sell-in. Remember that industrial business largely goes through the channel. We have a very tough compare in the first half because in 2018, we built inventory in the channel, so that is primarily the industrial business. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we saw growth in aerospace, defense, electronic test and measurement, which more than helped to offset the headwind we had in automation and memory test, which we've signaled some time ago. The book-to-bill is above parity. So a little bit lower than normal, but that's already reflected in our outlook. I mentioned orders have gotten better. So I think, Vince made the comment, we think we continue to grow from here. 
Christopher Muse: That's helpful. And I guess, as a quick follow up, I guess, more limited commentary on the consumer side, as I figured, would start there. How are you thinking about seasonality? And kind of given what you know today design-win-wise, what that business can look like through calendar '19? 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, I mean, 2Q is usually the low point of the year for that business, just given the demand there. And if you think about it, on last call, Vince highlighted that we think consumer will be down 10% to 20% in fiscal '19, and that's kind of what we're sticking to for outlook.
 And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website, and all available reconciliations and additional information can also be found at the Quarterly Results section of our Investor Relations site at investor.analog.com. Thanks, again, for joining us and your continued interest in Analog Devices. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-11-19 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Analog Devices Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. 
 Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and in our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Today's commentary about ADI's fourth quarter and fiscal '18 financial results will be detailed further in our 10-K, which we expect to file next week. Our comments today about ADI's fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 financial results and short-term outlook will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our results to historical performance, special items are also excluded from the prior quarter and year-over-year results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and on our web schedules, which we posted on the quarterly results section at investor.analog.com. 
 Okay. With that, I'll turn it over to ADI CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Well, I'm very pleased to report that ADI had another excellent quarter to cap off what was an exceptional year for the company. We once again hit a high watermark by achieving record revenue of $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. In addition, we expanded operating margins to 43% and delivered $1.55 of diluted earnings per share. 
 Looking at the full year now, revenues surpassed $6 billion for the first time. Growth was led by our B2B markets that increased well into the double-digits year-over-year. Diluted earnings per share increased more than 20% year-over-year, and most notably, we generated over $2 billion of free cash flow. 
 This robust cash generation enabled us to continue investing in the future of our business, rapidly reduced our debt by over $1.5 billion during the year and returned cash to our shareholders. As we outlined on the last call, going forward, we plan to return 100% of our free cash flow after debt repayments. In fact, we've returned $10 billion to our shareholders since 2005 through dividends and share repurchases. 
 Beyond being a strong year financially, it was also a year of exceptional business progress for ADI, also. So I'd like to spend a little time describing our progress in 2018 and show how specifically it positions ADI for continued strength in 2019 and, indeed, beyond. 
 Firstly, we made tremendous progress in the integration of LTC using our best-of-both approach. Employees across the entire organization are unified and working towards a common goal of delivering long-term profitable growth. Our R&D teams have synergized product roadmaps and development activities, and are busily extending the cutting edge of analog, mixed signal, power and sensors to deliver impactful solutions to our customers. Our combined sales force has made really great strides in building and converting our opportunity pipeline. In fact, our revenue cross-selling opportunity has doubled in value since our Analyst Day across large customers and also in the broad market. 
 During the year, we successfully achieved our initial $150 million of cost synergies. In addition, as previously announced, we're optimizing our internal manufacturing footprint, reducing our cost basis by another $100 million, while enabling a more agile operation that is positioned to capture new growth upside. All that said, given the complementarity of our combined product portfolio and customer relationships, we're increasingly confident in our objective to double LTC's revenue growth over the next few years. In short, we've created an industry-leading product portfolio and team of analog, RF and power engineers with capabilities that range from sensor to cloud from DC to 100 gigahertz and from nanowatts to kilowatts. 
 We exit 2018 in a stronger position than we've ever been and are extremely well prepared strategically and operationally to grow and take market share in 2019 and, indeed, beyond. In addition to our own preparedness, our confidence is grounded in a few externalities that transcend any potential short-term uncertainty in 2019, namely: immutable technology macro trends that are creating secular tailwinds for ADI; ADI's analog expertise between the physical and digital domains becomes ever more critical to our customers' business success; and simultaneously, our customers are partnering more deeply with us to get the full benefit of our technology capabilities and product solutions to enable them to meet the innovation demands of their customers, and we're very well aligned with these externalities and have been making strong progress during the past year to position ourselves for success in 2019 and beyond. 
 For example, in the wireless communication sector, you may have seen recent press around deployments of 5G massive MIMO beginning in Korea. ADI's software-defined transceivers are enabling those deployments, and this is just the beginning. Many other global carriers are expected to deploy 5G massive MIMO over the coming years. Much of the innovation of 5G systems is taking place in the radio subsystem. Given the increasing demands of -- for spectral space, thermal and cost efficiency, our comprehensive portfolio of software-defined mixed signal, RF, microwave and power management technologies will enable ADI to create even more compelling solutions for our customers in the years ahead. These massive MIMO-enabled radios contain an 8x increase in radio channels, representing a significant growth opportunity for ADI and the opportunity to capture, potentially, up to 4x the content when compared to current 4G solutions. 
 I should note also that in addition, power management attached assignments in this area are just beginning but progress thus far leads us to believe that our power portfolio will continue to provide tailwinds for us in communications in 2019 and in further years. And indeed, massive MIMO is just a stepping stone to millimeter-wave-based future generations. Here, carriers will look to increase the radio channel count up to 512 channels per radio and we're very well positioned to, once again, solve these immense radio challenges with our comprehensive cutting-edge portfolio. So I believe we're really in the early stages of a multiyear growth cycle in this particular space. 
 So now turning for a moment to the industrial sector. Here, the digital factory envisioned by industry 4.0 is expected to increase productivity and lower cost. ADI has the heritage, the domain expertise and the most comprehensive set of technologies and capabilities to deliver the required level of precision and robustness our customers need. For example, we're building beyond our traditional strength in precision control, isolation and power products by adding communications technologies, such as industrial-grade deterministic Ethernet and sensors in areas such as depth, motion and vibration, which more than triples our content opportunity and expands our addressable market.
 In automotive, FY '18 was a year of really solid progress and I have increased conviction that we're on the right path to return to our target growth rate of at least high single digits annually. Growth in our cabin electronics business has accelerated to a double-digit growth rate this past year, driven mainly by our long-term strength in audio processing. And our future is equally bright here. We're adding new vectors to our audio processing foundation, like A2B and C2B media transport technologies, and we're attaching our power management portfolio in these engagements as well, positioning us for continued strong growth in this particular subsector. 
 On the active safety side of the business, high-speed signal processing technology is required to deliver ever-increasing levels of precision in Level 3-plus autonomous vehicles. Here, ADI's radar, LIDAR and IMU solutions, coupled with power management, are strengthening our position across nearly all self-driving programs. And as is the case -- as in the case with Baidu, our customers are relying on ADI to achieve their vision of fully autonomous vehicles. 
 In the electrification application area, we've made stellar progress in strengthening our BMS solutions in FY '18. Our current generation delivers up to 20% more miles per charge compared to the competition and extends the batteries' useful life. We are now sampling our next-generation solution, which provides another efficiency and performance leap while adding additional safety features. Beyond that, the subsequent generation of our multigenerational roadmap includes architectural innovations that will change the way the BMS problems of power density, accuracy and weight are solved in the future. 
 And finally, I'd like to say a few words about our health care business and progress. Revenue in this market has increased at a double-digit growth rate over the past 5 years, and I believe it's really just getting started. In areas such as remote patient monitoring and digital x-ray systems, ADI's expertise in high-performance sensing, signal processing and power control is ever more critical to our customers. For example, in the area of digital x-ray imaging, several years ago, we made a pivot to a domain-inspired approach to solve our customers' most difficult problems. 
 We've leveraged our strong heritage of high-end component building blocks and have pushed the innovation curve to new levels to create highly integrated subsystems from photons to bits, for example. These solutions have simplified an intensely complex problem by reducing our customers' design challenges while lowering radiation dosage and simultaneously increasing image fidelity. We've thereby extended our addressable market to capture new levels of value. And in general, in the health care area, I believe that economic needs and new technology adoption are converging to enable a new vein of growth in the future for ADI. 
 So in closing, I put forth a constructive scenario here today, and while some may be a bit skeptical given the present macro uncertainty and geopolitical fears that beset our world, our confidence, I believe, is very well-founded. We have a diverse business across customers, products and applications that positions us to succeed and excel in any macro climate. We've added enormously to our cutting-edge technology portfolio during the year and we've deepened our customer engagements. 
 So we're in a position to capture the upside, while being agile enough to weather any perturbations in the marketplace. And amidst an environment of increasing change and complexity, we continue to leverage our greatest asset, our people, who continuously push the edge, learn and adapt to create ever more innovative solutions for our customers each and every day, which ultimately drives returns for our shareholders. 
 And so with that, I'd like to hand it over to Prashanth. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my welcome to our Q4 '18 earnings call. As usual, with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses, my comments on the P&L line items will be on a non-GAAP or adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. We wrap up 2018 with another record-setting quarter. Revenue at $1.6 billion and EPS of $1.55, and we converted this growth into strong cash flow generating over $2 billion on a trailing 12. 
 But before I get into the details of the income statement, let me cover the end markets. Our fourth quarter B2B revenue increased 13% year-over-year, led by double-digit growth in the industrial and communications markets. The highly diverse industrial end-market represented 49% of the sales in the quarter and increased 10% year-over-year. Most sectors increased compared to the year-ago quarter led by strength in instrumentation, health care, aerospace and defense. As expected, this growth was moderated by slower demand in factory automation, mainly related to China. 
 The comms market, which represented 22% of sales in the fourth quarter, increased once again at the double-digit rate year-over-year, driven by strong performance in both the wireless and wired markets. Growth in our wireless business was broad-based, and accelerated as continued momentum in our 4G business was augmented by early deployments of massive MIMO. We expect this to carry into 2019 and beyond as 5G represents an enormous opportunity for ADI. 
 Our auto business represented 15% of sales in the quarter and increased at a low single-digit rate year-over-year. Growth was led by cabin electronics and the BMS application. 
 And lastly, our consumer business represented 13% of sales in the fourth quarter. As expected, revenues declined year-over-year. However, portables declined less than expected. 
 Now moving on to the P&L. Revenue for the quarter was at the high end of our guidance at approximately $1.6 billion, increasing 4% year-over-year. Gross margins of 71.2% increased 30 bps year-over-year and were flat sequentially. OpEx in the fourth quarter was $452 million and at approximately 28% of revenue, well within our target of sub-30. And finally, op margins were a record at 43%. 
 As we continue to delever, non-op expenses in the fourth quarter declined to $56 million. And with our full year true-up, our Q4 tax rate was approximately 8%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter came in above the midpoint at about $0.55. 
 Now moving on to the balance sheet. Inventory increased 4% sequentially and days were 114 in the quarter, relatively flat from third quarter. Disti inventory declined sequentially and exited the year right in line with our target of 6 to 8 weeks. We generated free cash flow of approximately $2.2 billion or 35% of sales over the trailing 12 months. And as of yesterday's closing price, our free cash flow yield is 6.8%. 
 During the quarter, we repaid $225 million of debt and paid $179 million in dividends. And as we outlined in our last earnings call, we have resumed our share repurchase program, now that our leverage is sub-2. As of yesterday, we have purchased nearly 260 million worth of shares. 
 CapEx in the fourth quarter was $86 million, and we expect to continue to run at our model of approximately 4% of sales for 2019. 
 Before I move on to guidance, I want to remind you that in January -- in the January quarter, we will adopt a new rev rec standard, ASC 606, to coincide with the start of our 2019 fiscal year. We are among the last few SEC registrants to do so due to the timing of our fiscal year. We have historically deferred revenue and the related cost for shipments to certain distributors until the distributors resell their products to their customers. Upon adoption of ASC 606, we will recognize revenue upon shipment to our distributor. 
 We plan to provide a historical, quarterly end-market revenue look back under the new standard with our first quarter 2019 earnings release. Meaning, you will see changes in our historical growth rates as they will reflect revenue from shipping into distribution versus shipping out. But for context, during 2018, the change in channel inventory for the year was pretty minimal, as channel inventory increased in the first half and was reduced in the second half of the year. On average, over the past 3 years, channel inventory impacts annual revenue by plus or minus 1%, while quarterly variances could be and have been larger. 
 Now on to guidance, which with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses are also on a non-GAAP basis and exclude the items outlined in today's release. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2018 was a 14-week quarter, so all of my comments on revenue growth and our commentary during the Q&A session will exclude this extra week, so we are normalizing our growth rates to give you a like-for-like comparison. 
 First quarter revenue is expected to be $1.51 billion at the midpoint, on both the old and the new rev rec methodology. To be clear, we are forecasting a midpoint of $1.51 billion on both a sell-in or new ASC 606 standard as well as a sell-through basis because we expect minimal change in channel inventory during the first quarter. 
 At the midpoint of guidance, we expect total revenue to increase 7% year-over-year on a sell-through basis and we expect our B2B markets of industrial, auto and comms in the aggregate to increase low double-digits year-over-year, led by the communications market. This would represent our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year revenue growth for our B2B markets. 
 Under the new rev rec method, year-over-year growth would be approximately 4% at a company level and at high single-digit rate in the B2B markets for the first quarter. We are planning for gross margins to be approximately 70.8, lower sequentially due to the normal shutdowns around the holidays as well as business mix. We're expecting operating expenses to be around $450 million at the midpoint. This is down slightly sequentially and does include some onetime items, so you will not see the usual lift going into Q2. 
 We expect op margins in the first quarter to be approximately 41% and we expect our non-op expenses to be approximately $56 million and our tax rate will be in the range of 14% to 16%. This tax rate is slightly higher than our previous outlook due to new IRS guidance released in September. Based on these inputs, diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, is expected to be $1.28 plus or minus $0.07. 
 Before moving on to the Q&A session, I want to inform you that this will be the last quarter we're going to be providing gross margin and OpEx guidance. This will be the only change as we will continue to provide the other items for outlook, including operating margin. This does not change our long-term operating model that we discussed at our Analyst Day of 70% plus gross margins and op margins in the range of 39% to 45%. We are making this transition as it aligns to the way we manage the business; that is, we focus on driving profitable growth and operating margin expansion. 
 So all in, it was a terrific quarter to cap off a very successful year for ADI. And while we are mindful of the economic uncertainty around us, I will echo Vince's optimism that we enter 2019 equally excited about the opportunities ahead. 
 And with that, let me turn it over to Mike to lead our Q&A session. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Okay. Before we move to Q&A, I want to remind everyone of a couple points. First, we are moving to sell-in accounting starting first quarter '19. And second, the first quarter of 2018 was a 14-week quarter. As such, our commentary around expected growth in the first quarter 2019 will exclude these 2 factors. In short, our growth commentary will be on a 13-week sell-through basis. 
 Okay. Let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Jennifer, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: The first question is on the industrial business. So obviously, it's very diversified, and I'm just wondering if you could comment a little bit on what your customers are seeing there as far as this slowdown? Are they sort of in a wait-and-see based on what the macro political situation is or are they, perhaps, a little bit more optimistic about '19? Just trying to gauge how your industrial base is feeling right now. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Tore. The -- well, I think I've talked with quite a few customers, both domestically here in America and internationally over the last quarter, 1.5 quarters, maybe 2 quarters. In the atmosphere of the kind of the macro uncertainty driven by trade war rhetoric and so on and so forth and the impacts of the tariffs, I'd say, generally speaking, customers are remaining optimistic though there is, obviously, concern which is dampening enthusiasm for laying down CapEx and taking a long-term view to demand. So I would say, at this point in time, what we're seeing though is cancellations are at a kind of a normal rate and lead times, for the most part, are pretty normal. So in the industrial market itself, we're seeing pockets of softness. I would say, in the automation part of our business, it's largely softening in China. And we are seeing strength, for example, in the electronic test and measurement side of our business. Obviously, health care has remained strong for the company. And I think aerospace and defense is also an area of continued growth and some good acceleration there over the last quarter or 2, so I think that provides you some color. And from our point of view, Tore, we've obviously been investing heavily from an R&D and customer engagement standpoint over the past -- really, the past decade. So I think for ADI, we're better positioned than we've ever been in that market. It is our #1 focus, I would say, and it's broad, it's deep, it's got many thousands of products, many thousands of customers associated with it. So we're optimistic about our capacity to continue to grow content and to gain share as we have been doing in '18 and beyond. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Tore. Did you have a follow-up? 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Vince, that was very helpful. So I had a clarification question. You mentioned now with the synergies between Linear and ADI, I think you've used the word double. I'm just wondering, does that mean the revenue synergies are now up to $2 billion? Or is it -- if you could just clarify that statement. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think back in '17 when we had our Analyst Day, we were talking, at that point in time, about our visibility and confidence towards $1 billion. So yes, we're well above that now and looking at -- continuing to grow and we've certainly confidence that we've doubled that synergy number over the past year and a bit. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. I'm going to say -- a bit why we're so confident we can double the growth there at Linear as that pipeline expands. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Vince, just on the comm sector, you had mid-20% year-over-year growth. Last quarter, you just put up almost 30% growth. This quarter, you did highlight some of the drivers there. I'm wondering if you could dissect that growth a little bit. I know that you were really positive about the backlog you had at Hittite now that it was under sort of your control from that M&A long product cycle designs. To what extent is Hittite helping to drive this growth? And I guess, are you at all concerned that some of this growth might be pull-ins from China trying to get these parts before the trade war escalates and potentially not being able to get these parts, just given how important massive MIMO and 5G are. Maybe you can help allay some of those concerns and just give us a little bit more detail there. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, John. Good questions. So let me start with the latter part of your question first. I don't get any sense that there's any form of tension or panic buying by our Chinese customers to get ahead of any tariffs or trade war concerns. Remember as well, what we're seeing now is an accelerated build-out of, I would say, enhanced 4G and moving into the early stages of 5G. That's a multiyear process anyway, no matter what. So what I'm seeing is a good balance between what we see as the increasing demand from the carriers and the -- I would say, the supply from our customers to meet the carrier's demands. When you look at the -- put the whole thing together, we're looking at '19 being another year of double-digit growth. We have, as I said, we've got 4G tailwinds and that's driven by content gains we've been making over the last 3 years, I'd say. Hittite incidentally, just to give you a little bit of a benchmark here, when we inquired Hittite, it was roughly a $270 million trailing 12-month revenue company. The Hittite portion of our business is well over $400 million at this point in time. And it isn't just communications, it's where microwave and those radio frequency technologies are used and aerospace and defense and other parts of the instrumentation industrial market. So I think, when you put the massive MIMO addition to 4G or 5G, as some people call it, and the early stages of 5G, that gives ADI a tremendously increased opportunity value over 4G. And as I said in the prepared remarks, my sense is that we've got a 4x content improvement as 5G begins to ramp up here. So it's -- and that, by the way, doesn't include -- we're not including any specific targets for LT in that number, but there's a huge cross-selling opportunity. We're beginning to go to production with power designs at this point in time. So I think, the tailwinds are strong and ADI's content has grown, our portfolio has never been stronger, so that's what we're seeing. I think it's a share gain story for ADI. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, John. Do you have a follow-up? 
John Pitzer: Yes. Just quickly, guys. I hate to bring it up because it's such a small percentage of the revenue and the growth drivers, but you have historically just given us some color on the consumer segment and how we should be thinking about that, especially given the different launch times of flagship handsets. How do we think about consumer going into the January quarter? 
Vincent Roche: Well, looking into '19, we started the year off a bit stronger given the content that we have in some of the, say, older platforms. All that said, we're still expecting that consumer will decline somewhere between 10%, 20% on the portable side in '18, while the prosumer part of our business, which looks a lot more like a B2B sector, is continuing to perform well for the company. So I think the way to look at this, John, after this year's growth will be determined by essentially new sockets, either what we win or what we lose. That will determine, ultimately, what happens, I think, after '19. But as always, we're optimistic about where we're playing in consumer and we continue to be selective in the areas that we target and we're always seeking to increase diversity of application and customers, so I think that's the snapshot of consumer at this point. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: John, we're looking for a 7% increase on a sell-through basis for the consolidated company and 12% for B2B, so you should be able to impute the numbers you need for consumer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: Vince, can you just expand on the comment around the confidence in automotive returning to kind of high single digits? And then if you're able to frame it, I know there's some A2B programs that may help in the coming years as well as kind of BMS, but just any additional details would help. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Craig. Well, first and foremost, cabin electronics, that part of our business has done very well during '18 and we're positioned for more growth in '19, so the growth in that area was double digits in '18. And yes, the A2B application space is growing for the company. We've added this new media transport modality as well that we call C2B. And we're also now getting the benefit of adding LTC silent switcher technology into some of these sockets as well, so we're at the early stages of an operant in our power business there. I think as well, it was well publicized during the year that we had some troubles with our Battery Management Solution technology. But I think we've really turned the corner, particularly in the second half of '18. In the second half, we achieved double-digit growth and we expect '19, also, to be a double-digit growth performer for ADI. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks as well, we're sampling our next-generation BMS. And we've got some very interesting architectural innovations as well coming on the back of that, that will change the way these systems are designed and implemented in the electrification activity. On the sensing side, again, I've talked about some of this in the prepared remarks across radar. We've got our -- we're sampling our 77-gigahertz image quality radar. We've a very interesting and growing diversified pipeline in the LIDAR sector that combines both LT and ADI mixed-signal technologies. And many customers are starting to use our IMU, inertial management units, in the kind of L3 plus autonomous driving area. So I think we have continued to accelerate during '18 in terms of stabilizing BMS and starting to get it back to a growth trajectory, and a lot of exciting things going on in autonomous VD goals as well. So hopefully, Craig, that frames it up for you. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Craig. [Operator Instructions] 
Operator: Our next question is from CJ Muse with Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: I guess, more of a cyclical macro question. You talked about seeing some softness in China. Curious if you're seeing softness anywhere else, particularly as you think about strong U.S. dollar and potential impact to emerging market demand. Would love to hear your thoughts cyclically where you might be seeing the other pockets of weakness, if at all? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks for the question, CJ. So yes, from a geographic perspective, I'm going -- what I'm going to talk about here is based on design in revenue, so what's happening in each region from an innovation design standpoint. I'd say, as we've come out of the year, all markets have increased year-over-year. Growth was led by China. And I'd say, looking at the sequential trends geographically, most markets were slightly up or a little down and no big moves one way or another to report there. Industrial was up year-on-year. It was a little weaker quarter-on-quarter. Automotive was up year-on-year, again, a little quarter -- a little weaker quarter-on-quarter. But we believe that was related primarily to macro effects there, SAR, China, this new testing modality that's being adopted in Europe, so -- but we expect it to come back in the first quarter to our target. And communications across-the-board, all the primary geographies in which -- where strong communications are up very, very big on a year-on-year basis and also sequentially. So -- and that broad-based strength was led by China as well as the EU, particularly in the communications area. So -- but, hopefully, that gives you a sense for the atmosphere on the geographic basis. Prashanth, do you want to add anything? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: CJ, I would just add that, remember, we think about our geographic revenue based on where activity is designed. So when we think about, from a market standpoint, I mentioned factory auto -- sorry, factory automation was one that we're seeing some softness. Automated test equipment was the other area we were seeing some softness. But outside that, really, the rest of industrial has been staying in growth mode, so that's what's forming our sort of confidence for the Q1 outlook. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. 
Mark Lipacis: I was wondering if you guys have noticed any shifting of the supply chain manufacturing out of China into other areas and if that is impacting your own business? 
Vincent Roche: I don't think there's anything really of note. First off, we're not so impacted by the tariffs, but there are some signs that our customers are trying to work around the cost impact of the tariffs. I think there are some passing on of the cost to end customers, and also a very small amount -- at least from our perspective, I'd say, a very small amount of mitigation by our customers by moving to areas not affected by the tariffs when it comes to manufacturing their products, but I think it's very, very de minimis at this point in time. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Mark, I think we're probably more familiar with our specific production and what we're seeing is customers looking at supply chain changes that allow them to maybe avoid staging products in the U.S. that would then get further assembled and have those go directly to other countries where the assembly happens and thereby, avoiding the tariffs. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: Vince, I just want to make sure I understood your comments about the slowdown. It sounds like you're characterizing it as a near-term uncertainty. You did talk about cancellations. Can you just help us understand what the order rates were doing as you were entering the current quarter? And then more importantly, what are the factory loadings going to look like at ADI? And structurally, the company is a lot more profitable than in the past cycles, just help us understand the playbook if we were to go into a deeper downturn? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. I'll take some of those and Vince, you can add some pieces. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So let me take factory utilization. Certainly, we're headed into the holiday season, so our factory utilizations normally unaligned a bit for those that are impacted by Thanksgiving and then again for the Christmas-New Year period. So utilizations are coming down, but not necessarily linked to changes in the demand environment beyond our original planning areas. In terms of booking activities, certainly, our industrial business is seeing book-to-bill below parity and it's been a while since we've seen that. But as I mentioned, that we see most of that being heavily weighted from the 2 segments, factory automation and automated test equipment. Order activity has stabilized from where it was. Now I don't think we have the wherewithal to call the bottom here, but I'm just giving you the facts that we saw -- we certainly saw an improvement in October versus what we saw in September. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think, Ambrish, another -- a little bit of color. So I would say, for the most part, what we're seeing is really a pause rather than any -- we're not seeing cancellations as such. I think it's a pause. It's a level -- it's the macro uncertainty that's causing customers to be a little cautious. Lead times for the company are really normal, and I would say -- as I've just said, cancellations are just normal. And just to give you a little more depth of color on that, so the legacy ADI is well within the normal range of supply chain metrics. In other words, greater than 90% of our portfolio shipping within the normal 4- to 6-week window that we're planning to report. LTE is a little more mixed. We've had some, I would say, tightening of supply. Demand has been strong and supply has been a little tight, but we've been investing aggressively and putting in place new capacity, in fact, over the last couple of quarters, to support not just today's shortfalls, but also to support the future growth that we're expecting and increasingly optimistic about. So the book-to-bill as just -- as Prashanth said, just a little below parity on the B2B side, driven largely by industrial. So -- but I think the book-to-bill that we've given or that we're seeing is very supportive of the guidance that we put out there. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: A bigger picture question for you, Vince, is I think you said that the guidance would imply the eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year growth in your B2B business. A very impressive track record, for sure. That's -- as I go back in my model, that's the longest stretch of double-digit growth I can find at any point in time. So I guess, 2 points on that. How much of that do you think is company-specific share gains, target investments, et cetera, versus a cyclical uplift? And how do you view the sustainability of the growth rate or even the target growth rate for your B2B segment? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. There's a lot of very good questions in there, Ross. So I'd say -- I mean, it's very hard to parse out precisely what is market, what is ADI. Clearly, we, as a company, have -- we retooled the entire strategy of the company, 8, 9, 10 years ago to focus very, very heavily on the B2B area. In fact, we're spending today 95% for R&D in the B2B spaces and most of our customer engagement activities as well, of course, are in the B2B areas. So the addition of the added R&D focus on the legacy ADI portfolio in the B2B area, the addition of Hittite and now LTC, where LTC was largely focused on B2B, I think positions the company well. We have been taking share, that I'm sure of, and I believe we will continue to gain share. And of course, we were aided by favorable macro trends, I think, generally speaking. PMIs have been positive for the last several quarters and GDP has been strong. So obviously, the environment is strong, but I think ADI is executing in a more focused, more intense way as well in capturing the opportunity. So we believe, again, that B2B will increase within our -- I think a more moderated growth range. We've said that, for the long term, that if we can grow our B2B business, kind of 2x to 3x GDP, we would be content on an ongoing basis. And that's my sense for '19 as well, barring any macro cataclysm that -- that's what we're going to see again in the -- we're going to see that kind of growth rate in the coming year. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Vivek Arya: Vince, just a question on the competitive landscape. You mentioned massive MIMO is the strong area of growth for you. Xilink has also been talking about their RF SoC product. I'm wondering how do you see the competitive landscape shaping up and what's your visibility in design wins on next-gen 4G and then 5G? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think, first off, there are many, many solution variants out there when -- between the antenna and the bit streams, so to speak. And there's -- we have the strongest portfolio of technologies from -- right from the antenna down into the bit stream area. So as I said earlier, as we move into the 5G, the early stages of 5G here, we're looking at potentially 4x the content availability compared to the classical 4G that we've been part of over the last 5, 7 years. And when we get into the millimeter wave side of things, the -- we have, again, we've got the broadest portfolio. We can architect in a very flexible way to all the various customer needs. So as 5G millimeter wave comes in, we're looking at potential gains of 8, 10 plus in terms of potential content just given the channel count on the radio transceivers which, by the way, is where most of the innovation has taken place in these 5G systems, at least, until they virtualize in the early '20s or so. So there's -- there are kind of 3 or 4 major building blocks in these base stations these days. There's the classical transceiver, there's the massive MIMO addition, there's all this power technology that we can bring to bear now as well for our customers. And then there's the digital baseband, the digital front-end. And we're innovating not just in the analog space, but we're also pushing the boundaries incidentally on the digital side. And those boundaries, they blur, they shift, they ebb and they flow over multiple generations. But in our software-defined transceivers, for example, we've taken a significant amount of digital content and combined it with our converter technologies and our radio interface capabilities and dramatically reduce the footprint of the radio and cut the power levels down as well. So those are all important answers to very, very critical problems that our customers have. So my sense is, over the next, say, 5 years until we get into millimeter wave, we're looking at a potential content increase of 3x to 4x, and then it's a question of how many radios deploy. And -- but we're very, very well positioned from the content and architectural coverage standpoint. 
Michael Lucarelli: Okay. Thank you, Vivek. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website and all available reconciliations and additional information can also be found at the quarterly results section of our website. We look forward to seeing you this quarter at Credit Suisse conference and the BMO conference in the coming weeks, and thanks for joining us. Have a great Thanksgiving. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-08-21 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. 
 I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our third quarter 2018 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be archived in the Investor section of our website. 
 Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and in our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Our comments today about ADI's third quarter financial results will also include non-GAAP financial measures which exclude special items. When comparing our third quarter results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from the prior quarter and year-over-year results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and on our web schedules, which we've posted under the Quarterly Results section at investor.analog.com. 
 Okay. With that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. Analog Devices, well, we had an outstanding fiscal third quarter. Our performance demonstrates the disciplined execution of our strategy as we continue to deliver value for our customers, helping them meet their evolving needs in this dynamic market environment. It also reflects our ability to deliver strong results for our shareholders while investing in growth opportunities to expand market share, continuously innovate and strengthen our position for the long term. 
 In the quarter, revenues came in above the high end of our guided range. Our growth was once again driven by continued strength in our B2B markets, especially in the industrial and communication sectors. These strong results were supported by yet another record quarter from our Linear Tech franchise. Operating margins expanded meaningfully compared to last year and non-GAAP EPS increased over 20% year-over-year and came in above the high end of our guidance. 
 We also delivered very strong free cash flow, generating $2.2 billion in free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis, translating to approximately 36% free cash flow margin. ADI's cash-generating capabilities enabled us to achieve our 2x leverage ratio goal 3 quarters ahead of plan, and we are pleased to announce that we have reinstated our share repurchase program. And given the long-term prospects of this business, our board has authorized an additional $2 billion in share repurchases. 
 Now before Prashanth goes deeper into our financial performance, I'd like to continue the discussion around key market trends that are shaping our industry and the steps that ADI is taking to seize these opportunities. On the last earnings call, I spoke about the transition to 5G for wireless communications and what it means for ADI. Today, I'd like to focus on Industry 4.0, which is driving the next evolution of innovation and investment in industrial automation. 
 For many industries, the digital factory will bring greater supply chain efficiencies, higher quality, more flexibility and a safer workplace, all contributing to higher productivity. This smart factory, in which cyber-physical systems monitor the physical process of the factory or plant, will use additional data for decentralized decision-making, human assistance, increased safety and more predictability. This will require a mass deployment of intelligent sensors at the edge. 
 For many decades, ADI has been viewed as the go to edge solution provider. The place where the data is born, so to speak, and I'll highlight later how we are enabling this evolution. Although ADI is excited about this emerging opportunity, we expect this transition to take time while the deployment of today's existing sensing, signal processing and power architectures will continue to drive growth for many years. In fact, our core automation business represents a significant portion of our total industrial business today, and we're taking a long view to ensure that we keep at the cutting edge of technology and customer support. 
 Our domain expertise is unmatched and gives us invaluable insights to understand our customers' challenges and where the markets are going. And we've been investing ahead, broadening our portfolio through targeted R&D, collaborating with leading automation customers and leveraging strategic M&A to enhance our offerings to include algorithms and software. 
 At the same time, we've extended our reach with the addition of the LTC sales force and FAEs, and the complementarity of our customer bases enables us to access more opportunities at current customers and increase penetration at new customers. We believe that these targeted investments position us to continue to grow our market share and to outperform in the years to come. 
 For decades, our products and solutions have been adopted by many thousands of customers around the world. Their equipment is used at the factory floor level across a very diverse set of end markets such as automotive, pharmaceutical, oil and gas, smartphones, food and beverage and many, many others, and this is a long life cycle business. Once qualified and deployed to strict industrial requirements, customers keep using ADI's proven products. This makes this business very sticky with high barriers to entry. 
 With a broader set of technologies and capabilities, our customers continue to turn to ADI for the best performance and precision, robustness and safety. The addition of LTC adds high-performance power to our already extensive portfolio, enabling further innovation. And in fact, power plays an increasingly critical role in solving more and more of the design challenges of our customers as they further automate in space and energy-constrained areas. 
 For example, we just recently launched a product that enables up to 8 analog outputs on a card, previously unachievable due to excess heat. We succeeded by combining the signal chain expertise of ADI with LTC's power know-how to maintain an unchanged power density. 
 Safety is also critical. These systems require essential electrical isolation barriers to protect low-voltage electronics as well as humans from high voltages. Traditionally, customers have used optical technology to transfer data across these safety barriers. However, frustrated by their lack of reliability and power, we increasingly see customers turning to ADI for our digital isolation technology. 
 So with unique architectures and leading process technology, our iCoupler isolation solutions are significantly more reliable and can transfer data and power twice as fast as our nearest competitor. We also remove customers' industry certification pain with ready-to-use solutions, accelerating their time-to-market. 
 As a result of all that, we have shipped over 2 billion channels and are increasing our market share and driving revenue growth well into the double-digits annually. Today, as manufacturers respond to a more demanding consumer base, they are turning to more distributed and flexible architectures. With this in mind, I will focus now on 2 examples to highlight how innovation at the factory floor is driving new growth opportunities for ADI. 
 The first is robotics. Across all geographies, significant investments are being made to upgrade from a labor-intensive footprint to a more sophisticated automated infrastructure. Repetitive tasks are now being performed by collaborative robots commonly known as cobots. These are smaller robots that work in collaboration with humans. While the traditional large-scale industrial robotics industry remains healthy and growing, the newer collaborative robotics market is in the early stages of growth. 
 Collectively, this market is expected to grow at more than 10% annually, adding more than 500,000 systems per year by 2022. ADI is unique in our ability to combine all these key technologies for the traditional large-scale robots as well as the fast-growing cobots segments. Along with our traditional precision-control technology solutions, including signal chains and digital isolation, we effectively more than triple our content opportunity with the addition of power management, communications and sensors. 
 The second area of innovation is the flexible factory floor. Here, robots operate in tandem with many other systems, including PLC controllers and a vast array of sensors and actuators. These machines or devices are designated as either inputs or outputs. Several years ago, ADI took on the challenge of implementing an integrated software configurable I/O architecture based on our high-performance precision signal processing portfolio. With this breakthrough in innovation, ADI created a disruptive capability, allowing universal selection and configuration of many types of input and output devices. This has opened new opportunities and allows customers to easily install and reconfigure their automation equipment. 
 In addition to flexibility, the big value impact comes in the total cost of ownership at the factory level. Significant savings for customers include 8 weeks on average faster installation time, savings on engineering and a significant reduction in factory space. Factory production flows can be adapted more easily, and these changes that could traditionally take hours, can now be done in minutes. With this new capability, we've increased our SAM by an additional $200 million. And since our initial design wins at leading customers over the past year, we've substantially increased our opportunity pipeline. 
 As we look towards the future with the digital factory, flexible architectures with an increase of robotics will enable the transformation of manufacturing. With that comes a demand for higher bandwidth, predictability of machine health, robustness and security. Working closely with our customers, we've invested to extend our portfolio and ability to solve these challenges. 
 In addition to offering the most robust industrial wireless networking technology, ADI is enabling the transition to newer secure connectivity architectures. We are leading the path to higher bandwidth industrial-ready Ethernet, using the latest time-sensitive networking standards. ADI's industrial deterministic Ethernet is a far cry from standard Ethernet and provides the determinism, reliability, robustness and the security required in the hostile environment of the digital factory.  
 Finally, our sensing and measurement technology provides contextual data, enabling predictive outcomes. ADI's depth, optical and touch sensors are used to create safe working zones for humans while vibration, electrical and temperature sensors are used for condition-based monitoring, predicting the mechanical wear of the machines to maximize factory uptime. 
 So to summarize, at the edge of the factory floor where the data is born, ADI is the leader in industrial automation. This market has grown steadily for many years, and we're witnessing a new era of opportunity, innovation and growth. While our core technologies continue to provide the foundational performance for control and precision, our new investments double our SAM and allow us to solve the emerging challenges our customers face. All in all, I'm very optimistic about what the future will bring for ADI in this new world. 
 So with that, I'd like to hand over to Prashanth, who will take you through the financials. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my welcome to our Q3 2018 earnings call. With the exception of non-op expenses, my comments on the P&L line items will be on a non-GAAP or adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. 
 As Vince mentioned, we delivered another record-setting quarter. We had 8% revenue growth, 20% higher earnings per share, free cash flow margins at 36%. But before I get into the details of the income statement, let me cover the end markets. Our B2B revenue increased 13% year-over-year, led by double-digit growth in the industrial and communications markets. The industrial end market represented 50% of sales in the quarter and increased in the low double digits year-over-year. 
 Growth in this market continues to be broad based with nearly all applications and geographies increasing double digits compared to the year-ago quarter. As Vince highlighted, the factory automation market is undergoing changes not seen in decades, and customers are looking to ADI as the trusted partner to provide next-generation solutions to transform their industry and increase productivity. 
 In the communications market, which represented 21% of sales in the third quarter, sales into both wireless and wired applications increased at a double-digit rate compared to the same period last year. Growth in our wireless business accelerated as the market continues to densify their 4G networks, accelerate small cell deployments and begin the transition to 5G massive MIMO. This better market environment combined with our strong position across carriers with our high performance mixed signal and RF portfolio positions our comms business for continued growth and outperformance. 
 Our automotive business represented 16% of sales in the quarter. And in line with our commentary last quarter, sales increased at a mid-single-digit rate compared to a year ago, with all applications increasing over that time period. ADI organic revenue performed well once again, increasing high single digits year-over-year. 
 And finally, our consumer business represented 13% of sales in the third quarter and as expected, decreased year-over-year primarily due to lower demand for products used in the portable consumer applications. 
 Now moving on to the P&L. Revenue for the quarter was $1.57 billion, above the high end of our guidance, increasing 8% year-over-year and up 4% sequentially. Gross margins of 71.2% increased 70 bps year-over-year, and given the mix of business, were down slightly sequentially. OpEx in the third quarter was $448 million or 28.5% of revenue. 
 Strong revenue growth combined with operational execution resulted in operating margins at the high end of guidance at 42.7%. Non-op expenses in the third quarter were approximately $58 million, and our tax rate was approximately 6%. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the third quarter came in above the high end of guidance at $1.53, increasing more than 20% year-over-year. 
 Moving on to the balance sheet. Inventory increased 2% sequentially, and days were 112 in the quarter, down 4 days from the second quarter. Disti inventory was just above 7.5 weeks, flat sequentially and up modestly compared to the year-ago quarter. We generated free cash flow of approximately $570 million in the quarter, bringing our trailing 12 months' free cash flow to a record $2.2 billion with associated free cash flow margin of approximately 36%. 
 And during the quarter, we also paid down $430 million of debt, bringing our net leverage to 2x. Capital additions in the third quarter were $52 million, and we expect CapEx to continue to run at our model of approximately 4% of sales. During the quarter, we paid $179 million in dividends with an associated quarterly cash dividend of $0.48, representing an annual dividend payment of $1.92 per outstanding share of common stock. 
 All in all, it was a terrific quarter and the Q4 guide is equally strong, which with the exception of revenue and non-op expenses are also on a non-GAAP basis and exclude items outlined in today's release. At a high level, we're expecting the fourth quarter to look a lot like the third quarter. We're planning for the revenue in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $1.53 billion to $1.61 billion. 
 At the midpoint of guidance, we expect our B2B markets of industrial, auto and comms in the aggregate to increase in the low double digits year-over-year. This would represent our seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year revenue growth for our B2B markets. We're planning for gross margins to be approximately 71%. We expect our operating expenses to be in the range of $440 million to $450 million. 
 At the midpoint of guidance, this implies OpEx, as a percentage of sales, will be approximately flat sequentially, which brings operating margins in the fourth quarter expected in the range of 40% to -- excuse me, 42% to 43%. We expect non-op expenses to be approximately $57 million and our tax rate around 7%. And based on these inputs, diluted EPS, excluding special items, would be in the range of $1.46 to $1.58. 
 Now before we move to the Q&A session, I wanted to provide some context for last night's press release. As I mentioned earlier, we achieved a 2x leverage ratio during our fiscal third quarter, just 16 months post closing of the Linear acquisition. Over those 16 months, we paid down $2.3 billion of debt or nearly 1/3 of the debt we raised for the deal. During the same period, we also returned approximately $850 million to our shareholders through dividends. 
 With this milestone achieved, we can now provide more clarity on our capital allocation plans. Our first call on capital will always be to invest in the business, whether through targeted R&D, smart capital spending or strategic M&A. These investments ensure we continue to have the right technology portfolio to increase our competitive advantage and drive profitable and sustainable growth. 
 Given the profitability of this franchise, the long-term prospects for our business and the benefits from U.S. tax reform, we now plan to return 100% of our free cash flow after debt repayments to investors. Under this framework, the dividend policy remains the cornerstone of our capital allocation policy. We have increased the dividend 15 times over the last 14 years and remain committed to our goal of a 5% to 10% increase annually. 
 As you saw in yesterday's press release, we are reinstating our share repurchase program and announced a $2 billion authorization from our Board of Directors. We plan to use this approval to offset dilution and over time, lower our share count. We believe this capital strategy will continue to deliver value for our shareholders and allow us to continue the investments necessary to meet the evolving needs of our customers in a dynamic growth environment. 
 So to wrap it up, this was another record quarter for ADI across many metrics. The strength in our business resulted in strong revenue growth and profit conversion. We see this momentum continuing for Q4, and the early achievement of our 2x leverage goal enables us to reinstate our share repurchase program. 
 And with that, let me turn it over to Mike for our Q&A session. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Okay. Let's get to the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Operator, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: Can you hear me now? 
Vincent Roche: We hear you fine, Craig. Yes. 
Craig Hettenbach: Perfect. Just a question on B2B. Understanding it's double digits in aggregate, there have been some moving pieces between segments, particularly kind of autos and comms. So any color as you look into the October quarter? Just a little bit more granular between the comm business, industrial and autos for the October quarter? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, look, Craig, B2B remains very strong. We've had a couple of stellar years of growth and we remain in a strong zone here. The growth has been led primarily by industrial and comms. And that's, as you know, 70% of our business today. So I'd say at this point, inventory is in very good shape, well managed on our balance sheets, it's in good shape in the channel and I'd say lead times are stable as well. And our overall guidance implies, as Prashanth said, our second -- our seventh consecutive double-digit year-over-year growth in B2B. So I think we said clearly that we see pockets of slowing growth in industrial. It's, I think, over the foreseeable future, industrial will perform in the 2x to 3x GDP area, probably at the higher end of that. Clearly, comms is -- ADI's position in 4G systems is good and carriers are spending more money in 4G, and we're beginning to see as well the early stages of deployment in 5G. So given the portfolio we have, the penetration we have at the key customers in wireless communications infrastructure, I think we're poised to see some stellar growth in the wireless comms side of the business. Also, there's a significant upgrade cycle taking place in the kind of the backhaul, the optical backhaul. So I foresee see that, again, given the strength of our penetration and the product portfolio that we have, we'll see some decent growth there, too. We've talked about automotive many times. My sense is that, that will continue to perform in the kind of the mid-single-digit growth level and so it's, I'd say, moderate but a very, very important part of what we're doing. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I just wanted to focus on the gross margin side. I get the mix change, consumer was stronger, at least kind of what -- versus what we were modeling, so it came in a little bit lighter versus what you had guided to, Prashanth. But if you look at the guide, that seems a little bit lighter as well. So can you just help us understand the puts and takes on gross margin, please? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Absolutely, Ambrish. Thanks for the question. So recall that our gross margin model is to be above 70%, which is industry-leading, and we're above that goal for the third quarter and the fourth quarter. But you're right, margins were slightly lower. The upside driven by communications and consumer and the result was our industrial mix declined to 50% or about 200 bps from where we were at second quarter levels. And then as we look to the fourth quarter, very similar to what Vince just told Craig, our strongest growth is going to come from comms and automotive. So that mix in the businesses is driving a little bit of that shift in gross margin, but still well above our model. And I will remind everyone that we do have about another $100 million of cost synergies, which should start layering in towards the beginning of 2021, late 2020, so we still expect to be able to continue to drive gross margins up as the operations team shuts down the facility in Singapore and in California. And then, overall, our focus is on expanding op margins. So as long as we can keep driving our revenue faster than our operating expenses, we'll be able to continue to drive the profitability for this business. Thanks for the question, Ambrish. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Just one quick follow-up to that. Prashanth was talking about the fastest growth, here's to -- sequentially, on a year-over-year basis, the strongest growers were once again the industrial and communications, which both grow in the double digits. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: My question is just a little bit on the consumer side. If I back into kind of using the B2B guidance for Q4 to be up kind of low double digits, you kind of back into the consumer number, which puts consumer down about 20% for the full year, which is kind of at the high end of the range of the down 20 to 30 that you guys have been talking about at the Analyst Day -- the low end of the range, sorry. I'm just kind of curious, does that now reflect the new base off of which you guys can grow that consumer business? Or were there some things that happened this year that means that as we move into FY '19, you might still have some headwinds to work through in that consumer business with that one large customer? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think what you've implied is just about right, John. At this point, it's very, very hard to say what will happen next year. So we've got a good read on what the number will be this year in terms of the decline in the portable business. It's very hard to tell what '19 will look like quite yet, but it's a fast cycle business and we win designs and you can lose designs as well in a very, very short period of time. But I would say to directly answer your question, as it stands today, the consumer business hasn't yet troughed in '18, so we'll see some further decline in the portable part, I believe, in 2019. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Vivek Arya: Whilst your industrial and communication segments are doing quite well, but auto is at kind of this low to mid-single-digit growth, remains below the peer group. Can you give us a sense of what has been done so far to perhaps fix some of the issues, what needs to be done so that you can get back to the high single-digit or double-digit growth rate that a number of your competitors are growing at? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks for the question. So the numbers that we've talked about are the combined legacy ADI and LTC. The legacy ADI part of the business is growing in the high single-digit area and the LT part in the low single-digits arena. So there are 2 primary components, I would say, that we're working hard to correct, particularly on the legacy LT side of things. Number one is making sure that our BMS business, the Battery Management business, gets back onto a solid growth track. And I'm very encouraged by the progress we've made there, particularly in the last 2 quarters, holding on to the sockets that we had and finding new sockets across the globe, particularly in North America and Europe in the electric powertrain. And we've also got a crop of new products coming, I think, that are very, very exciting. And also on the power side of things, we're more aggressive. We -- we're leveraging the ADI cost base where we've got fundamentally better cost structures to make sure that we take our unfair share of high-performance power sockets across the globe. So I think it's fair to say that we'll be in this mid-single-digit growth area, depending on the market, of course, for the next 1.5 years, 2 years. But somewhere in the 2020 area, I expect us to see a meaningful bend upwards in the growth curve. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein  Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: I just wanted to get back to the segment growth. Were you trying to imply that everything is actually growing? I know you give some differences in sequential growth versus year-over-year growth across the segments, but are you still implying that everything is, I guess, I would come with everything like -- are you still trying to say everything is flat to up sequentially? Or you still have some B2B segments that could be down sequentially, even driving double-digit year-over-year growth? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: No. Stacy, you got it right. Everything, as we move from Q3 to Q4, is up sequentially. The -- what you do see is stronger growth up sequentially. And as you know, we don't guide by segments anymore, but what you do see is stronger growth coming sequentially from comms and automotive. And that is driving some mix impact overall, which gets back to -- I think it was Ambrish's question. 
Stacy Rasgon: I guess, my only issue, it seems to take me above your B2B growth. Although maybe you're suggesting, when you say low double digits, you're more than like 10%, I guess, is what you have to be implying with that guidance. 
Michael Lucarelli: Correct. I think it -- if it was 10%, we would have said 10%. And low double digits, to me, means probably anywhere between 10% and 12%. That's how I think about it, Stacy. 
Operator: Your next question is from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: A question for Vince. On the industrial market, you said it's slowing. Is that just a function of getting back to the mean from some very strong year-over-year growth rates? Is it seasonality or are you seeing anything else going on in that end market? 
Vincent Roche: Good question, Tore. So I think from a global standpoint, what we see is that the macro economy is mainly constructive right now. You've seen PMI and GDP remain solid across the globe, the PMIs and GDP. I've spoken with several customers and they remain optimistic as well about the future. So I'd say, in industrial business now is good. As I mentioned earlier, there have been some pockets of slower growth, I think driven by the uncertainties, primarily in the geopolitical arena and as people think through what the -- this tariff situation means for everybody, but I'd say demand is resilient. And as we have in our guidance for B2B, we've talked with double digit growth, again, here on an annual basis. So I would say, in general, the growth is getting back to a more normalized level. In our FY '17, our industrial business grew in the low 20s, low 20%. This year, it will be in the kind of mid-teens. And so what I'm implying is that given the tougher compares and given the environment right now, though demand is strong, I think we're getting to a more normalized 2x to 3x GDP growth level and probably at the higher end of that. 
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Danely with Citigroup. 
Christopher Danely: I guess just one sort of summary question on the end markets. So Vince, you're kind of giving us the longer-term growth of auto and industrial. How about comms? So comm looks like it's going to grow sort of in the mid-double digits this year. What do you think that should be longer term? And then maybe as just a brief follow-on, given industrial is slowing, what should that mean for gross margins over the next several quarters? Should we think of them as sort of a flattish type of trajectory? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Good questions, Chris. So at this point, I'd say given the product crop that we have and the penetration we've got and the secular trends in the wireless communications area in particular, my sense is that even though it's a very, very lumpy business when you look at it quarter-by-quarter, with 4G continuing to deploy with new architectures and 5G coming on board, my sense is that can be a double-digit kind of a 10% growth area for ADI for kind of the next 3, 4 years. That's my sense. The backhaul market, particularly the optical side of that, I think is capable of growing as well in the kind of high single-digit area. So a lot of that is driven by -- the market conditions are better. I think, in general, carriers are more optimistic and are working hard to get new technologies into market as fast as they can. But as I said, we've got a great new product crop and we have deeper and wider penetration, not to mention the fact that we're starting to see the early stages of the cross-selling of LT's power technologies with ADI's signal chain. So my sense is I feel good about that market. And right now, even though prediction is a dangerous game, my sense is that we should be able to grow that business in the kind of the low, I would say, double-digit area for the foreseeable future. And I'll turn it over to Prashanth to answer the gross margin implication question. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. So Chris, the way that I'd guide you to think about gross margins longer term is, I think, sort of flattish from where we are. We are, as you know, we're still ahead of our long-term model of 70%. Our industrial business has very rich gross margins. Our comms business has great margins, but not as strong as the industrial. And as Vince mentioned, as we see more growth in that comms business, which is what we would expect for 2019, that is going to drive a little bit of mix on the margins. So probably more to be in line with flattish to what we're expecting Q4 to be. On top of that, so I do want to remind folks, we are looking at about $100 million of cost synergies that should be modeled in for future sort -- of in the late 2020, early 2021 closing both the facilities, the one in Singapore and the one in the Bay Area in Santa -- in California. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. 
Zhenghao Zhang: This is Jerry Zhang, on for Blayne. I just had a question on the pace of buybacks. So when should we expect the share count to eventually start trending lower? And also as a follow-up, how do you think about the plan for deleveraging going forward? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks, Jerry. So I guess, the way that I'd guide folks to think about the -- about our repurchase activity. I'll start with reminding everyone, we generate a lot of cash, $2 billion-plus on a trailing 12-month basis and we have one of the highest free cash flow margins in the S&P 500. About $700 million-plus of that is committed to the dividend, and as I mentioned, we're still targeting to grow that in the 5% to 10% annually as we've done for the past 14 years. So the dividend would account for, let's call it, mid- to high- 30s of our free cash flow. That leaves a fairly substantial amount of our free cash flow available both for buybacks and debt repayments. Our focus will be to be in the market every quarter as an effort to -- at a minimum, work to offset dilution. And then opportunistically, we're going to look to reduce share count over time. When you ask about leverage, I think it's a similar answer in that, at a high level, we like to keep a good bit of cash available, so $750 million to $1 billion or so on hand, and then we do have a revolving credit facility in place for about another billion. I don't think about leverage as a specific target for ADI, but more as how do we optimize the balance sheet and what do we need to do to maintain investment grade so we have the flexibility that we need. So given kind of the cash-generating capabilities of the franchise, there's probably no need for us to be operating in a net cash position. So going forward, I think you can expect us to always carry some level of debt and we'll be mindful of what is the rate environment as well as what are the other opportunities for us to invest in and use that to kind of balance where we maintain our leverage. 
Operator: Our next question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: I had a question on M&A. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about your appetite for further acquisitions now that Linear is integrated as part of ADI, and to the extent you do have aspirations to buy more assets down the line, if you can talk a little bit about the technologies or the conditions that you would look for in a business. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thank you. Well, our overall capital allocation framework, as Prashanth outlined, hasn't changed very much. The long-term value of our investments, both organic as well as inorganic, will continue to drive the long-term profitable growth trajectory for ADI. Our approach to acquisitions has been and will continue to be very disciplined. And at a very high level, our strategy is really focused on acquiring assets that improve our competitive moat, the breadth and depth of our competitive moat from an innovation standpoint. So our goal, really, is to acquire technologies and engineering capabilities that will enhance us, make our portfolio more complete to meet the demands of the markets and customers in the future, and basically increase our overall ability to deliver increasing value to our customers. That's the path we're on and that's the path we'll continue to be on. And you know, I'm not going to talk about specific targets, we've got a successful track record. And what we're looking at -- we're always looking, but our standards are very, very high. So this was the case when we acquired Hittite and Linear, LTC and also the myriad smaller things we've done over the last 3 or 4 years. So I'm very pleased with where we are now in terms of our overall portfolio, but we're always on the look as the markets evolve and customers' needs evolve. So hopefully, that gives you at least a philosophical view of how we think about M&A. 
Operator: And our final question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. 
William Stein: My question is about revenue synergies. Can you update us, as it relates to revenue synergies for the Hittite acquisition, which is clearly a few years in the rearview mirror, but I think you're starting to see revenue synergies kick in there and what you anticipate with regard to the same issue with Linear. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Good question. And in as much as Hittite can give an indication of what's possible with regard to LT, we've more than doubled. When we took Hittite on board, we've more than doubled the growth rate and we've been able to scale Hittite across a broader range of customers, bring a much more sophisticated manufacturing and quality assurance capability to the portfolio. So we've more than doubled the growth rate of Hittite. And off a $270 million-ish starting revenue point, you can back out what those numbers are. We're in the early stages. It's taken us basically, I'd say, 3 years to get to the point with Hittite, where we're able to accelerate the conversion of the pipeline. It takes a while to build it, it takes a while to convert it, just given the latencies in the various markets that we attack. I've said before that with LT, we are looking to make sure that for every dollar of mixed signal opportunity that ADI has, it's $4.5 billion-ish today, at today's kind of revenue levels, that legacy LT's power should be a one-for-one match. So we're seeing a huge opportunity. We're excited by the areas that we're starting to win. We're in early production stage, for example, in communications and automotive sectors, which we felt would be the 2 most obvious places to get revenue synergy in the shorter term. So my sense is, again, getting to a doubling of the overall LT legacy growth rate in a period of 3 to 4 years is a reasonable expectation. 
Michael Lucarelli: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. Thank you, Will. A copy of the transcript will be available on our website, and all available reconciliations and any additional information can also be found at the Quarterly Results section of our Investor Relations site at investor.analog.com. Thanks again for joining us and your continued interest in ADI. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-29 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our second quarter 2018 conference call. With me on the call today are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. For anyone who missed the release, you can find it and related financial schedules at investor.analog.com. This conference call is being webcast live, and a recording will be archived in the Investors section of our website. 
 Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Our commentary about ADI's second quarter financial results will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our second quarter results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from the prior quarter and year-over-year results. Available reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and on our web schedules, which we've posted under the Quarterly Results section at investor.analog.com. 
 Okay. So with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Well, the second quarter of fiscal '18 was remarkable for ADI. We posted non-GAAP diluted earnings per share above the high end of our guidance and set a new high-water mark in free cash flow generation, and I'm pleased to share some perspective on our results with you now. So revenue in the second quarter came in just above the high end of our guidance as strength across our B2B markets, especially in the industrial and communication sectors, offset the expected decline in Consumer. Our results were also supported by our Linear Tech franchise, which posted a record revenue quarter. Gross and operating margin expanded substantially compared to the year ago quarter, driving a more than 40% increase year-over-year in our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. This execution resulted in record free cash flow in the quarter, and our combined company adjusted free cash flow margins over the trailing 12 months continue to place us in the highest tier of the S&P 500. 
 Now before we go deeper into our financial performance, I'd like to take this opportunity to provide investors with a deeper perspective on some of our key technology and market trends and ADI's strategy relative to them. I've spoken before about the dawn of the third wave of information and communications technology or ICT, which is characterized by ubiquitous sensing, hyperscale and edge computing and pervasive connectivity. In this world, digital systems increasingly rely on real-world information to make mission-critical decisions, and the accuracy and the integrity of this information is becoming more and more important. Simultaneously, the actual challenge of identifying and extracting signals in the presence of increasing levels of noise is becoming harder. Now I believe that this is creating an inflection in the analog industry, and it's enabling ADI to play a critical role in generating and communicating high-quality information to leverage our cutting-edge innovation and solutions to tackle our customers' hardest problems from sensor to cloud, microwave to bits and nanowatts to kilowatts. It's our ability to sense, measure, interpret, power and connect these 2 worlds that is helping to enable autonomous machines, natural human to machine interaction and future important technologies, such as virtual and augmented reality and so on. 
 Today, though, I'd like to talk more specifically about connectivity and 5G, which has been the subject of much news coverage lately and which represents the next big investment phase in wireless infrastructure and how we view its evolution and timing. In fact, an entirely new wireless and wireline network architecture will ultimately be needed to meet the demands for orders of magnitude increases in bandwidth-hungry areas such as high-definition video streaming. Although 5G will provide revolutionary capabilities, the transition to 5G will be evolutionary. We see the first phase of this evolution being the addition of massive MIMO, which will provide a significant increase to the capacity of the current 4G wireless network. The use case and benefits of massive MIMO to the carriers are real. A massive MIMO system can deliver a greater than 3x data capacity increase in the same spectrum as a current 4G base station. And this helps to solve 2 large challenges for carriers: capacity and cost. ADI is enabling these massive MIMO implementations today through our highly integrated software-defined transceiver platform. This solution reduces the radio card area by a factor of 10 and overall remote radio head footprint by 50% while simultaneously reducing power consumption. These are critical success factors with massive MIMO systems since they use, on average, 8x the number of radios compared to today's systems. 
 Equally important, these transceivers have the flexibility to operate from 300 megahertz to 6 gigahertz as they are software programmable, giving our customers a single platform-based design that can quickly be modified to operate in any of the many different cellular bands that exist around the world. These radios can also scale from small cells to macro base stations to massive MIMO radios, and they offer a flexible architecture capable of rightsizing the analog and digital performance needed by a customer's product family. 
 However, to realize the longer-term 5G ambition, further network change is needed. In order to further expand the network bandwidth, millimeter wave solutions will come into play in order to provide multi-gigabit per second wireless connectivity using phased-array solutions. In that arena, ADI is leveraging the capabilities from our Hittite acquisition. We have a very unique market position of having deep competency from antenna to bits up through millimeter waves, and our solutions and technologies are well positioned in the current millimeter wave trials around the world. This will expand ADI's sun as it emerges. 
 In addition to adding massive MIMO and millimeter waves, 5G will require a complete re-architecting of the core wireless and wireline network, including a move toward network virtualization and more edge computing. This backbone network will be required to meet the 5G vision of greater than 1 gigabit per second download speeds, low latency and high reliability demanded by mission-critical applications such as digital health care, autonomous vehicles, fully autonomous factory floors and augmented reality systems. This network expansion will drive a significant upgrade of the backhaul system, opening a new stream of opportunity for ADI's optical and point-to-point microwave solutions. 
 5G represents an enormous opportunity for ADI as we are uniquely positioned to provide the enabling technology through our comprehensive portfolio of high-performance mixed signal, RF and microwave and power management technologies. The combination and integration of these innovative capabilities will allow us to create even more comprehensive and compelling signal chain solutions for our customers and the opportunity to capture up to 3x the [ baum ] when compared to our 4G solutions. 
 Now while we're obviously excited about the remarkable potential of 5G, the greater volume of our communications business in the next couple of years will still be 4G. And here, our business is strong and has been growing at a high single-digit rate over the trailing 12 months. Our growth has significantly outpaced industry CapEx spend as we have seen share gains in traditional 4G macro products, thanks to new RF offerings resulting from the combined strength of our ADI and Hittite engineering teams. Those results have been augmented by strong adoption of our integrated software-defined transceivers across macro, small cells and massive MIMO trials. 
 So in summary, we feel very confident and energized by our communications market success, which is built upon close partnerships with our customers, our domain knowhow, our unwavering desire to solve the toughest engineering challenges and strategic investments in research and development, along, of course, with our acquisitions of Hittite and Linear Technology. So looking forward, we expect to continue to outperform in the communications market and accelerate our growth as we fully address our customers' needs well into the 5G future. 
 Of course, 5G is just one of the many areas ADI is taking advantage of in the era of digitalization. In this ubiquitously sensed and connected world, there are many exciting new opportunities, areas such as industrial 4.0, autonomous and electric transportation and cloud computing. And in future earnings calls, I'll continue to speak to these opportunities with you and look forward to sharing how we are creating long-term value for our customers and for our shareholders. 
 And so with that, I'd like to hand over to Prashanth. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my welcome to our fiscal 2018 second quarter earnings call. With the exception of non-op expenses, my comments on the P&L line items will be on a non-GAAP or adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release. 
 Revenue for the quarter was just over $1.51 billion, above the high end of our guidance and increasing 25% year-over-year and up 7% sequentially on a 13-week basis. 
 Now before I move on to the rest of the P&L, let me give you some commentary around our market performance in the quarter. Looking at the combined company, our B2B revenue increased 14% year-over-year led by double-digit growth in the industrial and communications markets. The industrial end market represented 52% of sales in the quarter. Growth in this market was once again broad based, with nearly all applications and geographies increasing double digits compared to the year-ago quarter. Momentum continues as our targeted R&D investments aimed at the underlying sector trends of automation, instrumentation and health care continue to drive outperformance. 
 Turning to the comms market, which represented 19% of sales in the second quarter. Sales into both wireless and wired applications increased compared to the same period last year. Furthermore, our wireless business has increased at a high single-digit rate over the trailing 12 months. Our growth is due to share gains related to our complete portfolio of high performance mixed signal RF and microwave as well as the strong demand for our integrated transceiver and our position on virtually all of the 5G and massive MIMO trials. 
 As Vince mentioned, we expect to grow our comms revenue at a mid-single-digit rate in the backdrop of a flat CapEx environment ahead of 5G rollout, and 5G represents an enormous opportunity for ADI as we are positioned to provide the enabling technology with our comprehensive portfolio. 
 Our auto business represented 16% of sales in the quarter. After a better than seasonal first quarter, second quarter sales increased at a low single-digit rate compared to the year-ago quarter, with growth led by the infotainment and powertrain applications. And finally, our Consumer business represented 13% of sales in the second quarter, and as previously communicated, decreased compared to our year ago quarter. 
 Let me now move to the rest of the P&L. Gross margins of 71.3% came in around the midpoint of guidance and increased slightly compared to the first quarter on a more favorable mix. OpEx in the second quarter was $442 million or approximately 29% of revenue. Strong revenue growth combined with operational execution delivered operating margins above 42% and at the upper end of our guidance. 
 Non-op expenses in the second quarter were $62.5 million. We expect our non-op expenses to be approximately $58 million in our third quarter and to decline by $2 million to $3 million in our fourth quarter of fiscal '18. 
 Our second quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 5% as we adjusted the tax rate for the full year to 6%. Looking to the third and fourth quarters, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate will remain between 5% to 7%. There is no change to our expectation for fiscal 2019, and we continue to expect our long-term tax rate to be approximately 12%.
 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the second quarter came in above the high end of guidance at $1.45, increasing over 40% year-over-year. 
 Now I'll cover the balance sheet. As we planned, inventory decreased 2% sequentially and days were 116 in the quarter, down from 124 days in the first quarter. Distribution inventory was approximately 7.5 weeks, which is flat sequentially and up slightly compared to the year-ago quarter. We generated record free cash flow of approximately $665 million in the quarter, with associated free cash flow margins of 44%. And in the trailing 12 months, adjusted free cash flow for the combined enterprise was $1.9 billion. 
 During the quarter, we paid down $450 million of debt, which helped reduce our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 2.2x, down from the 2.4x in the prior quarter. We expect to achieve our 2x leverage ratio within the next 2 quarters. Capital additions in the second quarter were $54 million, and we expect CapEx for fiscal '18 to run at our model of approximately 4% of sales. And during the quarter, we paid $178 million in dividends, with an associated quarterly cash dividend of $0.48, representing an annual dividend payment of $1.92 per outstanding share of common stock. 
 So let's now turn to our outlook and expectations for the third quarter of fiscal '18, which with the exception of revenue are also on a non-GAAP basis and exclude items outlined in today's release. At a high level, we're expecting third quarter to look a lot like second quarter. We're planning for revenue in the third quarter to be in the range of $1.47 billion to $1.55 billion. At the midpoint of guidance, we expect our B2B markets of industrial, auto and comms in the aggregate to increase approximately 10% year-over-year. We're planning for gross margins to increase approximately 50 to 150 basis points compared to the year-ago quarter. And we expect our operating expenses to be flat to up $10 million year-over-year. At the midpoint of guidance, this implies OpEx as a percentage of sales of approximately 29%. 
 Based on these inputs, we expect operating margins in the third quarter of 2018 to be in the range of 41% to 43% and for diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, to be in the range of $1.38 to $1.52. 
 So to wrap it up, this was another terrific quarter for ADI, and we set a few records along the way. Our B2B business increased double digits year-over-year, and our strong operational execution drove gross and operating margins higher, which resulted in a record free cash flow in the quarter. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for our Q&A session. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Prashanth. Now let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Jennifer, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: First question for Vince. You talked about participating in 5G trials. Could you elaborate a little bit more on that? It sounded like you're participating in pretty much all of them out there. But if you could give some context, that would be great. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks, Tore. Well, as I said in the prepared remarks, there are really kind of 2 phases to 5G, at least from an ADI perspective. There is the pre-millimeter phase and the millimeter phase. And the pre-millimeter phase is really dominated by this massive MIMO expansion, which is really an overlay on 4G. So our software-defined transceivers are absolutely everywhere in the systems that are being brought to market this year and next year. In fact, it's one of the fastest-growing product sectors inside ADI. So that's been a very strong contributor to our communications business and, in fact, beyond. These transceiver technologies, because they're so flexible, are usable as well in places beyond communications. Also, the combination of Hittite and ADI from RF to bits and microwave to bits is enabling us to capture new content in kind of pre-5G systems. But it's the combination of our massive MIMO, our Hittite ADI microwave and millimeter wave to bits technology that is enabling us to be participating in virtually all these field trials across the globe. My sense, Tore, is that U.S. and China will be in the kind of '19, '20 time frame. We'll be at least trialing some particular applications. China will get faster to mass market, I think, with what they call 5G, which is really to me, 4.5G plus massive MIMO. So I hope that explains what it is we're doing. And in the run up to what will be pure 5G in the 2024, 2025 time frame where the core network gets changed with virtualization, edge computing and pure millimeter wave-type technologies, spanning multiple different frequency levels. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, Tore. Do you have a follow up? 
Tore Svanberg: Yes, just a follow up for Prashanth. Prashanth, with the gross margin being up year-over-year, is that mainly a function of mix? Or is there any other contributors there? I mean, obviously, the revenues are slightly higher. But is the main upside to gross margin year-over-year coming from mix? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Well, Tore, remember that we have now completed the implementation of all of our synergies related to the acquisition of Linear. So we now have built into our run rate the cost synergies that we committed to at the time of the acquisition. So that is contributing as well to the gross margin strength. And then I would also say that with volumes where they are, we're getting the benefit of strong utilization at our internal fabs. 
Michael Lucarelli: I'd just add that, we have an additional $100 million of cost synergies we talked about. So the $150 million is complete, and we still have another $100 million on the comm. We'll take our next question, please? 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Can you hear me? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, John. You're a little faint, but good morning. 
John Pitzer: Vince, I really appreciate all the color on the comms business. But I want to talk a little bit about your auto business. You had really strong growth in the January quarter that decelerated pretty significantly in the April quarter, which was a little bit surprising, especially, I think, you said in your prepared comments that the Linear business was achieving new all-time records. So I'm just kind of curious, you've kind of been undergrowing your peers in auto, which was explainable over multiple years because of the MEMS part of your business. But that should be a fairly small part of the business now. So I'm just kind of curious as to what's holding back growth in that market, and how you kind of feel your long-term position is in the auto space. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks, John. So look, our business right now, our long-term goal is to grow at the high end of kind of 2 to 3 SAAR. And our objective, obviously, is to get the combined company onto that trajectory. So obviously, we're performing below my expectations, and we're not happy as a management team right now as to where we are. But let me try and unpack this story a bit for you and bring you through where we are right now and what the pathway ahead is going to be. So we were clear in our last call that the profiles for ADI and LTC are quite different in the automotive sector today. ADI, we -- the ADI legacy business increased at the kind of level of 2 to 3 SAAR in '17. And it looks like we're on track again this year to achieve that kind of level. Whereas the LTC growth level has been in the low single digits or closer to kind of 1 SAAR. So -- but what I will tell you is that we're making a lot of progress in improving LTC's growth rates, and we've uncovered a lot of revenue synergy opportunities. And we've also changed the business logic within LTC and tilted more towards growth. Profitability has always been important, will always be important, but we're also tilting more aggressively towards growth. But as you know, in this market, it just takes time to materialize the design wins that we've got in place. And my sense is those design wins won't materially impact the revenue, will not materially impact the revenue for a couple of years. What I'd like to do is just turn my attention now to giving you a sense for what momentum we have in our business and what we're doing to get our revenue towards -- to get the growth levels to the higher end of the 2 to 3 SAAR. And as you know, we've talked before, we have 3 primary application areas in our business: infotainment, autonomous driving and electrification. I'm going to talk to those in a little bit of detail and try to unpack the story a bit for you. So in infotainment, we've won a lot of premium audio sockets. That's a great heritage for ADI across all geos, and that's really the foundation of the infotainment business. And the good news there is we're now beginning to attach LTC power to the clusters of ADI, DSP and mixed-signal technologies. We've talked before as well about our A2B technologies, and we're really getting a lot of momentum there. And what I can tell you is that about a dozen OEMs are planning to deploy that technology in the next few years across the globe in many, many geos. Now that is also -- everything I talk about here is an opportunity for LTC power attachment. If I turn to autonomous vehicles. We haven't really talked much before about our LIDAR solution, but we're gaining design ins today in long and short-range LIDAR systems, with both the ADI mixed-signal technologies and the LT portfolios and even getting some sockets for Hittite in the very, very high-frequency areas. These components complement the more advanced capability that we're working on now to produce a solid-state beam steering and photodetector technology. And that will dramatically drive the size, the cost, the power, and we believe enable, over the longer term, the kind of mid- to long-term 3, 4, 5 years, mass deployment of LIDAR. And we got that new technology in terms of that more integrated system capability through the acquisition of Vescent sometime last year. Also in autonomous vehicles, we have several design ins in place with our inertial management units, our IMUs, as we call them. And we're engaged today on almost every self driving platform that is in development today, both with what we would call traditional OEMs and some disruptors out there as well. So that technology, which we've been using, we've gained traction in mission-critical aerospace areas, for example. It's a really ideal fit to the emerging autonomous vehicle requirements and it's used as a failsafe function in the event of a radar system failure. And I will turn to the electrification side of things and our BMS business, which we got from our LTC acquisition. We've been winning back business that we might have lost or have lost and by changing, again, our business logic, as I talked a little earlier about, to tilting towards growth, defending our sockets aggressively and also leveraging the scale and flexibility of the ADI manufacturing system to change the kind of the cost profile of the products. And we're broadening LTC's customer base, bringing that technology into the strong relationships that legacy ADI has in North America and with European OEMs. Also, our next-generation BMS will improve on our already leading performance levels by delivering, again, more miles per charge and bringing all the robustness and safety features to play as well. And one other aspect of the electrification business is the momentum that we have, in our isolation we have a franchise of very unique isolation technologies that tend to get used anytime that there's a high-voltage and low-voltage connection. So these technologies are very important in electrical vehicles, so I think we're doing well there. And not to mention the broad-based revenue synergies that we've got on the power side of things. My sense is that in a reasonable period of time, we should be able to add a point or two of overall growth to the automotive business, given the design cycles that we've got and the strength of the power portfolio. So I think we're very focused on bending the growth curve. I believe we're focused on the right apps, the right customers. We have a terrific technology story. And with the complementary customer bases and geo footprint coverage, I feel very optimistic about the future and our ability to get that growth curve to where we have publicly said it should be and will be. So I know that's a long answer, John, but I thought it was important to give the story in terms of where we are today and talk a little bit about the future as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. 
William Stein: Thanks especially for the robust answers, in particular around wireless and 5G. But there's a controversy brewing in that market with these decisions around ZTE as to whether you might or might not be able to ship components to them. I'm wondering -- 2 questions around that. One, what do your -- what does your outlook assume in terms of sales to ZTE going forward? And second, how would a stop ship order to ZTE influence your view as to the growth of that market, overall? In particular, might you see a sort of slowdown of adoption in China if they don't have 2 local champions? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks for the question. So the way we view it in the short term, there's a certain amount of fixed CapEx in place to upgrade the various networks across the globe and particularly in China. So my sense is that there are many other competitors in play who will fill the demand for building out the networks across the globe. We have factored into our numbers a potential continued embargo with regard to ZTE, so it's built into our numbers. It was a small amount of headwind for the company last quarter. So I think, overall, most geos are up in communications for ADI, we're gaining share. You know, my sense is as well, just we're obviously staying close to the situation as best we can tell, the negotiation outcomes that are taking place. But I will tell you, clearly, U.S. and China need each other. And I think trade between both is very, very critical. My sense is that sense will prevail and the need for free trade, unencumbered trade will prevail. And we're expecting political leaders to figure this out. So my sense is at the end of the day, there's demand there for more and more connectivity. Carriers are determined to keep building their networks out, to capture the opportunity to build their revenue and profit streams. And that demand is going to be fulfilled one way or the other. 
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: A question on Consumer. You appear to be navigating the falloff at your largest customer. So just from kind of a high level, if you can just talk about the puts and takes from some of the drop-off there versus other opportunities and areas where you're actually growing within Consumer. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, so as you know, Craig, our Consumer business is a tale of 2 -- we've got 2 different stories there. One is our prosumer, which looks a lot like our B2B market, with lots of customers, products and different applications globally. And that business has been strengthened as well with the addition of the LTC revenue and applications. And that's in the $300 million-plus area, so it's a significant portion of Consumer for ADI. We're expecting, looking into our -- somewhere in the back end of third quarter and fourth quarter, we're expecting what is normally a seasonally strong quarter to be so. We've stated previously that Consumer will be down 20% to 30% for the year, and this is how the year appears to be trending now. So our strategy remains the same, to focus -- or to leverage our technologies into areas of very, very high differentiation where we can get a higher return on investment. And we continue to execute against that strategy. 
Michael Lucarelli: Craig, do you have a follow up? 
Craig Hettenbach: I do. Just a question on free cash flow and kind of capital allocation for Prashanth. So encouraging to see the big step-up in free cash flow in the quarter. As you're on the doorstep of that 2 turns target for net leverage, can you remind us in terms of just priorities, be it acquisitions versus returning cash and how you think about that? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Thanks for the question, Craig. So yes, it was a great quarter for us in free cash flow, but I do want to remind folks that our cash flow can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. So the right way to measure us is on a trailing 12 month, and we finished this quarter with trailing 12 month of $1.9 billion. So we recognize that this franchise throws off a considerable amount of cash and, therefore, we want to be very thoughtful on how we deploy that excess cash once we achieve our 2x leverage ratio, which we would expect to do in the next 2 quarters. We're very mindful of the debt that we took on as a result of the Linear acquisition as well as the opportunities that we have in front of us with the share repurchase dividend and potentially some other uses as well. So it's something that we spend some quite a bit of time internally debating. And I think you'll hear from us in a coming earnings release that we're ready to talk more about our capital allocation strategy once we clear that important 2x threshold. 
Operator: Our next question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: I guess, if I could combine my questions into one large one. On the industrial side, could you share with us a little bit more detail in terms of what the drivers were there underlying that superb growth. And then can you talk about the sustainability of that growth going forward? And then longer term, as part of revenue synergies with Linear, clearly, auto has been a major focus. So could you kind of, I guess, help us see what kind of underlying growth we could see from top line synergies in that segment looking out the next 1, 2, 3 years? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, great. Thanks for the questions, C.J. So the industrial business has been doing extraordinarily well, as you mentioned. We continued to be driving this with the technology investments that we've made. It is across the board, C.J. It is all geographies, it is all products. So this is really a combination of the strength of a global expanding environment, and you know the PMI continues to be in an expansionary phase. And that's compounded by the technology investments that have been made over the last several years, which have now come together at a time where you can really see the driver in automation, you can see the driver in our instrumentation business. So it's really across the board, and it's hard to point to any one particular segment because it is so broad based and it's a reflection of the investments that have been made over the last several years. From where we sit today, and you can see it reflected in our guidance for the coming quarter, we feel very strong about the coming quarter. The outlook is solid. Our book-to-bill is greater than 1. Information from the channels, the information Vince gets from his customer visits are all continuing to tell us that we're going to see this run for a bit longer. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thanks, C.J. And I'll just remind you, our long-term growth in that business, we say, is over 2x GDP. If you look at the 5-year CAGR in that business, it's right up -- it's about 8%, 9%. So that's kind of the long-term growth for that business, and we think that's a great growth for -- it's 50% of our business and it throws off great cash. Do you have a follow up, C.J.? Actually, you fit in 2 questions there. Let's move to the next caller. 
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Caso with Raymond James. 
Christopher Caso: The first question, a little bit of a big picture question. And based on your -- the comments from the prior question, it sounds like you do have a good degree of conviction that these favorable conditions will continue. Can you talk about visibility you have into customer inventory levels into the channel inventory? And generally, with -- amid the strong industry conditions, the ability you have to make sure that customers are ordering in line with their needs and not over ordering at this point. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks for the question. So first, as a reminder, we have not moved to ASC 606, so remember that our revenue is recognized on sell-through from the channel. So we really do provide our investors a reflection of what is the actual activity happening at the customer level. The inventory that we're seeing in our channel now, roughly 7.5 weeks, that's relatively consistent with where we have been. And we would expect, just through the normal course of business and over the course of the rest of the fiscal year, we'd expect to see that come down a bit. The inventory that we have in-house is at 116 days. That's an improvement of about 8 days from where we were in the first quarter. We are comfortable kind of in that 115 to 120, so I think that's where you'll see us for the balance of the period. Our sales organization does work very closely with channel partners to monitor that order activity to ensure that we're being mindful of the order lead times and ensuring that, that behavior is appropriate. But again, the biggest metric for us is -- the revenue we're reporting is on sell-through, so it's really not impacted by any noise in the channel, whether they're building or subtracting from inventory. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, just another bit of color on that. All the macro dynamics that we talked about that I used in the -- I talked about at the start of my prepared remarks there benefit the industrial sector. So my sense is, from talking to customers globally, as has been the case at least for the last couple of years, they're pragmatically optimistic about the future that we're in a longer-term secular growth trend across the various applications in industrial. And I think the optimism is even across automation, instrumentation and the aerospace and defense areas. So I think our customers are feeling good. And I'm also feeling very, very good about where we are and where the market is. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: Vince, thanks for all the wireless comms commentary earlier in the call. Just wanted to level set. How does your 20% roughly comms business split between wireless and the wired side? And given that you gave us all that color on the wireless side, I wondered what your expectations were for the wired part of the equation. 
Vincent Roche: Good question, Ross. Thank you. Well, today, with the acquisition of LT, our business now is about 50-50 between wireless and wireline. The wireless business, my sense is that can grow in the high single digits for quite a while to come. That's my long-term growth objective in that business. Wired is somewhere in the kind of mid-single digits as it has been growing, and I think that's a reasonable way to balance the growth expectations across that business. 
Michael Lucarelli: Do you have a follow up, Ross? 
Ross Seymore: Yes, and I'll make it a quick one for you. Vince, you mentioned a few times in this call about changing the business model at Linear to be a little bit more growth-centric. Can you give us an idea, given the long-term design cycles, and I know it's not going to be immediate, but when should we as investors start to see the benefits of those tweaks to the admittedly successful Linear model turning to a little bit more growth-centric? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think the areas where we believe that we'll see the growth uptake in the shorter term, kind of over the next 2 years, that will be in the probably communications as well as automotive areas. We have sockets already in place now that we should see the uptake on. And it's going to take -- to get to what I would consider to be the objective to put a couple points more of total growth on the company's top line, it will take in the kind of 3 -- 2- to 4-year kind of area. And if Hittite is any indication, given that the technologies play in similar markets, we're virtually 4 years into the closure of the Hittite acquisition. And over that period of time, we have managed to double the growth rates of Hittite in that period of time. So given, Ross, that we expect for every dollar of ADI revenue, which is largely mixed-signal base, we expect $1 of power. That's the kind of opportunity spread we're looking at, but it's going to take us 2 to 4 years, I think, to see any meaningful change to the top line. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: I wanted to follow up on Ross's comment and maybe take a longer-term look at the 5G opportunity that's in front of ADI. If we look back at the transition from 2G to 3G, and then 3G to 4G, as you look ahead and look at 5G and the potential for 5G to impact ADI revenues, the questions I have are, one, how do you expect pacing in the 4G to 5G revenue transition to compare to prior transitions? When do you think we get to a point where 5G would be a majority of communications revenue? And relative to some of the growth rates that you talked about earlier on a subsegment basis, would you expect 5G when it becomes a much more material part of revenues, to accelerate those growth rates? 
Vincent Roche: Good question, Craig. And if you consider 5G to be the initial introduction of 5G to be adding massive MIMO to 4G core network, I think we'll see meaningful revenue in the 2020 time frame. And I still think that 4G, without massive MIMO, will be a significant portion of revenue into the kind of 2022 timeframe. So somewhere between 2022 and 2025, we'll start to see what we will consider to be 5G become a more dominant part of our wireless communications infrastructure revenue. So at this point, Craig, it's a bit of a guess based on trying to triangulate on all the various conversations we have with carriers and customers. But I think, clearly, we're starting to see the uptick in 4.5G, or as it's called in China, 5G, massive MIMO based on 4G infrastructure at this point. So hopefully, that helps to give a bit of clarity to you. 
Michael Lucarelli: Okay. Thank you, Jennifer. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. A copy of the transcript will be available, and all available reconciliations and information can also be found at the Quarterly Results section of our Investor Relations site at investor.analog.com. Thanks for joining and your continued interest in ADI. 
Operator: This does conclude today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-02-27 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web.
 I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Michael Lucarelli, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Michael Lucarelli: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our first quarter 2018 conference call.
 With me on the call are today are ADI CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah. Anyone who missed the release, you can find it and relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com. This conference call is being webcast live and a recording will be archived in the Investor section of our website. 
 Now on to the disclosures. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 Our commentary about ADI's first quarter financial results will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude special items. When comparing our first quarter results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from the prior quarter and year-over-year results. Available reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and on our web schedules, which we've posted under the Quarterly Results section at investor.analog.com. And lastly, I'd like to remind investors that our first quarter was a 14-week quarter.
 Okay. So with that, I'll turn it over to ADI CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Well, the first quarter of fiscal '18 was another very successful quarter for ADI with momentum continuing across our business, and I'm very pleased to share our results with you now. 
 Revenue in the first quarter came in at the high end of our guidance as strength across our B2B markets offset the expected decline in our consumer business. Our strong execution as a combined company delivered substantial growth and operating margin expansion compared to the year ago quarter, resulting in a 50% increase year-over-year in our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. And our combined company adjusted free cash flow margins over the trailing 12 months continues to place us in the highest tier in the S&P 500. 
 So digging into our markets. The industrial end market consisting of a diverse, highly fragmented set of applications represented approximately 50% of sales in the quarter. Our sales into this market have been stellar, increasing an average of 8% annually over the past 5 years, outperforming GDP by 2 to 3x.
 I'd like to spend some time today now providing a little insight into why we believe we've outperformed in this market and why we remain excited for the future. On a broad level, we believe we've gained market share by targeting the right applications, developing the right products and bringing our domain expertise to bear as we engage with our customers at a more system-oriented level. For example, in our instrumentation business, our cutting-edge mixed-signal RF and microwave and power solutions are enabling the most advanced test solutions for 5G data center operations and battery formation deployment for new and existing customers.
 The aerospace and defense sector continues to be a strong growth market for ADI also. This business is driven largely by fleet modernization and the development and deployment of complex applications that require the highest-performing electronics, such as phased-array radar. The combination of ADI's mixed signal, Hittites microwave and LTC's power portfolios enables us unprecedented levels of integration across the signal chain and more than doubles our available market. 
 Our industrial automation and process control business continues to benefit as factory floors transform to become more flexible and more automated. Customers are striving for higher overall productivity and a higher variety of output. In this changing landscape, our technology breadth and domain expertise is positioning us to win more of the BOM with customers worldwide. We're engaged in brownfield upgrades and greenfield installations. 
 Looking to the future of automation and process control, also referred to as the industrial IoT, we believe that our customer engagements combined with emerging trends, such as artificial intelligence-enabled machines, sensor-to-cloud data processing, ubiquitous sensing and true real-time connectivity, will enable consistent content expansion for ADI. 
 For example, on the factory floor of the future, robots and cobots will increasingly require more sensing modalities such as vibration, proximity and depth sensing as well as the highly synchronized real-time communications capabilities that we are bringing to market. These developments open the opportunity to expand our dollar content by a factor of 5.
 In short, we see continued momentum across our industrial applications as we move into 2018. And that, coupled with the underlying sector trends I've just described, should position us for profitable growth over the long term in this area.
 So turning now to the communications market. This sector represented 19% of sales in the first quarter and benefited from strong growth in wireless compared to the year ago quarter while wired demand remained weak. Our wireless business has increased at a high single-digit rate over the trailing 12 months due to share gains from recently released products co-designed with Hittite, strong demand for our integrated transceiver solutions and our position in virtually all emerging 5G and massive MIMO trials. 
 We remain excited about our wireless infrastructure business as we continue to grow share and increase content despite a relatively flat CapEx environment. ADI's portfolio of RF and microwave, high-speed signal processing and power management is unmatched in breadth and depth. This portfolio, combined with our deep customer focus in the bigger verticals as well as in the broad market, is fueling our success.
 Turning now to our automotive business. At 17% of sales, it performed better than our typical seasonality in the first quarter on strength from the infotainment and powertrain application areas. Our powertrain solutions that improve efficiency of both combustion engines and electric vehicles grew stronger than seasonal. 
 We see this business becoming increasingly important for us, particularly as OEMs embrace broad electrification of their fleets. Our infotainment application area has grown at a high single-digit rate over the past 5 years, thanks to our market leadership in high-performance audio and video solutions that improve the passenger experience. We see continued momentum with our innovative A2B technology, which has secured design wins at major OEMs in every geographical region and is enabling creative new audio architectures that will come to market over the next few years.
 So these businesses, combined with our organic and technology acquisitions for next-gen sensing technologies necessary, for example, in Level 3 and beyond safety systems for autonomous vehicles, gives me great confidence that we're well positioned to grow at our long-term model of 2 to 3x SAAR. In our consumer business, revenue decreased as expected both sequentially and compared to a year ago quarter and represented 16% of sales in the first quarter.
 So before I hand the call over to Prashanth, I'd like to give you an update on our LTC integration progress. It's been nearly a year since we closed the acquisition, and we've made tremendous progress integrating and building something that we believe is greater than the sum of its parts by following a best-of-both approach. At this point, everyone in our company across the entire organization, sales, engineering operations, manufacturing and so on -- is working towards a common goal of delivering long-term profitable growth. And when you look at traditional measures of M&A success, our exceptional employee retention and strong financial results over the past year speak for themselves.
 So we're on track to achieve the initial cost synergies we targeted when we announced the deal, and we continue to believe that we can realize meaningful revenue synergies over the long term given the complementarity of our customer bases and products. As a rule of thumb, we believe that for every dollar of mixed-signal content ADI sells into a system, there's at least an equal value power opportunity that ADI can now more fully address. With our sales and adjoining teams now integrated on working together, our opportunity pipeline continues to expand, giving us more confidence in converting that $1 billion-plus synergy opportunity into revenue.
 So to wrap it up, fiscal '18 is off to a very strong start. Analog Devices' capabilities to effectively and efficiently bridge the digital and physical domains are needed more than ever as the world becomes more digital, more autonomous and more connected. With our ability to address opportunities from sensor to cloud, DC to 100 gigahertz and beyond, and nanowatts to kilowatts, we're confident in our ability to create shareholder value for years to come.
 And so with that, let me hand it over to Prashanth. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my welcome to our fiscal 2018 first quarter earnings call. With the exception of revenue and nonop expenses, my comments on the P&L line items will be on a non-GAAP or adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release.
 Before I get to our results for the quarter, I want to address 3 items: first, our recent announcement aimed around the streamlining of our global operations; second, the impact from the Tax Cuts and Job Acts; and lastly, an update on our progress deleveraging.
 Last month, we announced our intention to close our Hillview wafer fab and Singapore test operations. Following a careful and thoughtful analysis, we validated this decision based on the capabilities and overall strength of the world-class supply chain that we have built organically and through acquisition. It will take us about 3-plus years to wind down these operations and ensure a smooth transition for our customers. Once complete, these 2 factory closures represent a significant portion of the additional $100 million of cost synergies we outlined at our Analyst Day in June '17.
 Our current quarter GAAP results include a charge of $57 million, the majority of which relate to this action and will be cash. The overall program, which will include some expenses in future periods, will have a good payback of approximately 1 year. 
 Next, I want to summarize the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on ADI with the caveat that these are our initial estimates and could change as we refine our analysis. Investors should assume no change to our previously discussed long-term non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 12%, a level which we expect to return to in fiscal '19. This comprehends the benefits of a lower statutory rate, offset by a higher rate on foreign earnings. However, our 2018 non-GAAP tax rate is forecasted to be in the range of 6% to 8% as the higher rate on our foreign earnings does not take effect until our next fiscal year.
 So let me take a moment to reconcile our first quarter GAAP to non-GAAP tax rate. In the first quarter of '18, our GAAP tax expense included a net charge of $47 million related to tax reform. This charge included an approximately $690 million accrual on the tax on indefinitely reinvested earnings, which was almost completely offset by approximately $640 million noncash reduction in our deferred tax balances. 
 We plan to pay this tax over 8 years beginning in fiscal '19, and we expect to pay approximately $60 million in each of the first 5 years and the remaining balance over the following 3 years. The end result from tax reform is that ADI can more optimally utilize the entirety of its cash position and continue to delever and return value to shareholders.
 Which brings me to my last topic: leverage. We exited our first fiscal 2018 quarter with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.4, down from 2.6 in the prior quarter and down from 3x at the close of the LTC deal last year. Given our strong cash flow generation capabilities, the momentum across our business and the benefits associated with tax reform, we have confidence that we can reduce our debt by at least $1 billion annually, and we now expect to achieve our 2x leverage milestone exiting the fourth fiscal quarter of 2018. And once we achieve this leverage ratio, we will revisit our cap allocation strategy to ensure that we continue to optimize shareholder value.
 So now let's discuss the quarter. As Vince mentioned, the 14-week first quarter of 2018 was a very strong quarter for ADI. Revenue was $1.52 billion, above the midpoint of guidance and increased 54% year-over-year while declining 1% sequentially in the seasonally slower first quarter. Looking at the combined company and excluding or backing out the benefit of the 14th week, our B2B revenue increased 10% year-over-year, led by growth in the industrial market, which increased mid-teens compared to the same quarter a year ago. Gross margins of 71% came in at the upper end of guidance and increased slightly compared to the fourth quarter. 
 Op expenses in the first quarter were $446 million or 29% of revenue. And on a 13-week basis, op expenses declined about 5% sequentially. We've now completed the OpEx synergies outlined in our LTC deal announcement. Strong revenue growth and operating leverage delivered operating margin of 41.7%, at the upper end of guidance.
 Nonop expenses in the first quarter were $66 million. We expect our nonop expenses to be approximately $60 million in our second quarter and to decline by $2 million to $3 million per quarter in fiscal '18. 
 Our first quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 6%. And as previously discussed, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate for '18 to be in the range of 6% to 8% before increasing to the long-term expected rate of approximately 12% for fiscal '19.
 Non-GAAP diluted EPS for the first quarter was $1.42, and this included a benefit of $0.09 related to our lower tax rate. Excluding this benefit, our non-GAAP EPS came in at the upper end of the guided range.
 That wraps up the P&L, and I'll move to the balance sheet. Inventory increased 2% sequentially or $9 million, primarily the result of our decision to keep production levels commensurate with bookings to maintain the customer service levels based on the B2B demand environment. As a result, days of inventory increased to 124, and we expect days to decline over the balance of the year beginning in the second quarter.
 Distribution inventory was approximately 7.5 weeks, up slightly compared to the year ago quarter but in line with our outlook. We generated free cash of $325 million in the quarter. And in the trailing 12 months, adjusted free cash flow for the combined company was $1.8 billion. CapEx additions in the fourth quarter were $63 million, and we expect CapEx in fiscal '18 to run at our model of about 4% of sales.
 During the quarter, we paid $167 million in dividends. Our Board of Directors approved yesterday a 7% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.48 per share, which represents an annual dividend of $1.92.
 So now I'll move to the outlook and expectations for the second quarter of fiscal 2018, which with the exception of revenue, are also on a non-GAAP basis and exclude items outlined in today's release. 
 We're planning for revenue in the second quarter to be in the range of $1.43 billion to $1.51 billion, an increase of 22% compared to the year ago quarter at the midpoint. As a reminder, first quarter was a 14-week quarter and second quarter is back to a normal 13-week quarter. Adjusting for this, we are planning our B2B markets, which include industrial, automotive and comms, in the aggregate to increase at a high single-digit rate sequentially and thus represent a larger mix of business. 
 We're planning for gross margins to be in the range of 71% to 71.5% due to a more favorable mix and as we capture the final amount of our initial tranche of COGS synergies. We expect OpEx to be in the range of $430 million to $440 million in the second quarter. And at the midpoint of this guidance, this implies a sub-30% OpEx as a percentage of sales once again. Based on these inputs, we expect operating margins in the second quarter of '18 to be in the range of 41% to 42.5% and for diluted EPS, excluding special items, to be in the range of $1.30 to $1.44.
 So to summarize, we're off to a great start for the year. Industrial continues to have momentum across all our application areas. We're outperforming in comms driven by our strong position in wireless. In automotive, we're making great progress on putting the combined company on a strong growth trajectory. As Vince mentioned, the LTC integration is going very well. Our innovation pipeline is rich, and we are just getting started.
 With that, let me turn it over to Mike for our Q&A session. 
Michael Lucarelli: Okay. Let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Operator, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: A question for Vince. Just your commentary about market share gains, can you provide any specific examples there and kind of how you view where you are in that process in terms of it translating into revenue? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think we're able to talk about market share gains in several sectors, Craig. And if I just go to the industrial sector, for example, I think we've talked before about aerospace and defense being an area of increasing opportunity, system complexity and the place where we're able to combine the rich portfolio of the Hittite Microwave technologies with ADI's mixed signal. And we're seeing continued digitalization in that space, fleet upgrades, and we're benefiting from that enormously. And also in automation, just the sheer breadth of what we have and the focus that we've had over the last several years in tuning the R&D portfolio, resteering our sales force globally into making sure that we keep our leadership position at the large customers is benefiting enormously the whole growth story. Also, with the combination of LTC, as you know, the market overlaps were quite high between LTC and ADI. But the actual areas where our sales forces were playing were pretty complementary. So we're gaining, I think, at the large customers, the small customers with more breadth and depth in terms of portfolio than we've ever had. If you look at the communication sector, I think, again, we're starting to see the benefit now of the -- particularly in the wireless area of the codesign products with Hittite combined with ADI's, again, strength on the mixed-signal side in traditional macro base stations. Our integrated transceivers are becoming, if you like, the standard now for massive MIMO developments in these hybrid macro small-cell systems, where phased-array antenna systems are being used with traditional antenna systems. So our software-defined transceiver is really the standard, the benchmark now in that sector. And as the trials begin for massive MIMO and 5G, we're in virtually all those trials globally. So I think those are just 2 -- some subsets in the industrial area and particularly in the wireless area in communications where we have demonstrable gains, I believe, in market share. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: My first question was, can you just help us understand the deltas you had in the business segments? Just help us understand what happened as the quarter progressed in terms of the guidance that you had provided and the results that you ended up with. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Can you clarify that question, Ambrish? Are you asking sequentially how the business did in the reported results? 
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes. My question is you had guided to certain results for -- expectations for the -- for all the segments, but then the results came in different for each of the segment, particularly in the automotive and also in industrials. So what transpired that your results were different than what you were expecting initially? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes. Thanks, Ambrish. So as a reminder, we no longer give guidance at the segment level, so we did not provide that for the first quarter. We did provide some broad indications on how B2B would do versus consumer. But now that the results are actual, Mike can kind of walk you through how each of the B2B segments -- each of the components of our B2B did on a year-over-year basis, which across the board were very good. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. So Ambrish, we guided to B2B to be down mid-single digits. B2B came down 3% sequentially on a combined company basis, but I think theyre pretty good result in the first quarter. If you look at automotive business, it was down 2% sequentially, which is a bit better than typical seasonality. We -- it's highlighted in his prepared comments, infotainment, powertrain application areas were stronger. Our communications business, it's tough. There's really no seasonality in that business. But I think what's important there, it grew year-over-year. And it really was led by our wireless growth, which is up double digits year-over-year. And industrial was down about 3% sequentially on an adjusted basis or up mid-teens percent year-over-year. Once again, very good strong growth there. In consumer, we saw it as weak. It was weak. It performed as we expected. Do you have a follow-up? 
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, I did. Sorry. My question was on the inventory side. Inventories were up. And I think if I look back at the last several years, typically in the quarter, inventories are either flat or down on a dollar basis. But you said that you build inventory. But as you go through the year, in terms of days, you expect inventories to come down. So just kind of help us understand what are you seeing and then why should inventory be trending down as we go through the year? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, okay. Thanks, Ambrish. Thanks for the question. So inventory was up 2% or about $9 million quarter-over-quarter. Most of that $9 million was built for the B2B markets, and that was driven by a strategic decision we made to keep the production levels sort of commensurate with the bookings idea, bookings outlook that we had driven by, one, making sure that we can maintain the high levels of customer service that are needed and to target our lead times sort of in that 4- to 6-week range. The -- like everyone looks at inventory levels as an indicator or as a canary in the coal mine of what demand looks like, and I would say that all the other indicators we're following remain very green. Our book-to-bill is above parity, both with and without consumer. Lead times remain stable, and we see no change in cancellation activity. Part of that $9 million was a small but relatively immaterial amount due to an accounting policy that we harmonized between LTC and ADI. But in general, we feel very good about where we are in inventory in light of the demand we see for Q2, and we expect days to decline at a normal pace over the balance of the year. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I'll add another one, Ambrish. The internal fabs are the largest supply line for our industrial business. And what we're seeing there, of course, is the book-to-bill is positive and has been now for several quarters. And as Prashanth said, we're eager to make sure that we keep our lead times at a level where we can supply the upside demand here. So I think that's worth considering when you think about why we kept our internal fabs running at a higher clip than we would normally do for the first quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: Could you walk us through puts and takes on free cash flow in the quarter? I know there's a bunch of stuff going on with the tax law and everything else. The number itself was a little lower than I might have expected. And I just want to see if you can give us a walk-through with all the puts and takes there. I think it's -- there's more going on there than normal this quarter. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, absolutely. So free cash flow, we have the hat trick in Q1, 3 items that were sort of buried in there. First, we make our large annual payment to the IRS, so federal taxes were paid in the first quarter. Second, we make our once every 2-year payment for the employee bonus program, and then we also make our once every 2-year payment for our interest debt. So some big outlying -- outgoing items that hit us with some lumpiness. The way to look at cash flow, as we do, is on a trailing 12-month basis, generating $1.8 billion over the last 12 months, continuously very strong expectations on cash flow. The model has not changed. We convert a high amount of the profitability to cash, and you'll see strength there for second quarter in the cash flow number. 
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. For my follow-up, I had a question on the longer-term synergies around the fab closures. So you're looking at 3 to 5 years to close these factories. In the past, when you closed your own factories, it didn't take 3 to 5 years. It was more like 1 to 2 when you closed Sunnyvale or Limerick or Cambridge. Why does it take 3 to 5 years to close the Linear facilities? 
Vincent Roche: Well, it tends to take 3 years. There's -- given the multiple recipes that we have in our foundries and the back-end operations, it does tend to take about 3 years typically, and that's what I believe will be the case with the LTC Singapore and Milpitas closures as well. Our job #1 is to make sure that we keep our service and quality levels high for our customers across the many thousands of customers and hundreds and hundreds of applications and, as I said, the myriad recipes that we've done. So it will take most likely 3. But obviously, we're trying to push as hard as we can for the efficiencies to kick in earlier. But that's the rule of thumb, 3 years. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Stacy, maybe just a quick comment I would add is that the net result is the 2 closures, but what's going on under the covers is quite a bit of process movement among multiple facilities, internal and external. So you're seeing -- we're talking about the net output. But under the cover, it's a lot more complex than just shutting down the 2 operations. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: I had a question on the consumer business. In the past, I think you guys talked about fiscal year '18 consumer revenues being down somewhere between 20% and 30%. I was just curious, does that range still hold? And if not, what are some of the things that are driving the potential change there? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So thank you. Well, look, our 2Q guidance would imply that consumer will be down somewhere in the region of 10% quarter-on-quarter on a 13-week basis and down about again 10% on a year-over-year basis. So our expectations remain unchanged. We believe that 2018 will be down meaningfully over '17 in terms of at least the portable consumer revenue. And the first half is now shaping up within the range of our expectations. And we're expecting weakness in the second half on an annual basis. So the number we've given you of a 20% to 30% overall decline in the business still stands. And as I said, that's driven by our portable business, our prosumer AV, the audio/video nonportable side of things, is in good shape and continues to grow for the company. 
Toshiya Hari: Great. And I had a follow-up for Prashanth. I guess, it's been several months since you joined ADI. I guess, the question is what are some of the things that you've learned about the company and about the industry during this time frame that you perhaps didn't fully appreciate prior to joining the company? And what are some of the changes that you hope to drive in terms of the financial at the company going forward? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks. That's a very long question if I wanted to give you a thoughtful answer, but I'll give you a quick item, which I continue to reflect on. The correlation of the ADI business to the B2B markets and the stability that we have in our customer base is something that I'm continuously impressed on. This is not a business that -- given how embedded we are and how close we are to our customers and the broad spread of products that we are incorporated in, I think sometimes, investors don't fully appreciate that we will follow much more closely to a different set of markets than other perhaps semi companies that operate in the digital space, and that's something that we're going to continue to have to help the investor community appreciate as the strength of this business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Kanghui Ong: This is Jeriel on behalf of Ross. Got 2 quick ones. First on OpEx, I see you guys guided OpEx down. I think we were expecting it to be down a little bit more. I understand it's basically guiding it back to the October range, but other than the 14- and 13-week quarter, what's the trajectory for OpEx going forward? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Right. So the way to think about the OpEx is that for the -- starting in the second quarter, you'll begin to see the impacts of some of the normal items that flow in, including our merit increases, which start to come in, and the impact of the performance bonus metrics. The second quarter, you'll see is more aligned to where we were in the fourth quarter if you adjust out some of the noise of the 14th week that we had in the first quarter as well as there's some sort of seasonal slowdown of spending that happens in the first quarter. So I would guide you that OpEx in the second quarter, if we put -- we expect kind of be in that -- in the sub-30% of revenue, which we think is a great target for us as we continue to drive the conversion of the cash, so -- conversion of the profit. But nothing more notable really in the OpEx spend. 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes. Jeriel, I'd like to add one thing there. If you look at our combined company, Linear and ADI, our guidance implies a high single-digit year-on-year growth, and the OpEx is flat over that time. That's a good result. And what that is, is we well manage our expenses and we're capturing synergies. If you look in the back half of the year, typically, I would say OpEx is up a little bit in 3Q because of merit increases and maybe flat in the fourth quarter. I think we'll start to do even better than that this year given the synergies. 
Kanghui Ong: And as a follow-up, I just want to ask a question on auto growth. I think it's probably safe to say that your auto business probably undergrew the industry as a whole last year in 2017. But what gives you confidence that it can grow 2 to 3x SAAR? Is that a falloff or a flattening in the declines in the passive safety business? Or what gives you confidence in that regard? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, good question. So let me parse the business a bit for you. So we have roughly a $900 million automotive business today across the combination of ADI and LT. ADI is roughly 2/3 of that; LT, 1/3. The ADI portion of that business has been growing in line with the 2x to 3x SAAR target. And in 2017, that part of our business grew in the high single digits and also in the first quarter of '18. As Mike said in one of the prior answers, our automotive business is actually better than seasonal, typically, year-over-year in the first quarter. So the ADI portion is growing high single digits and the LT piece is growing in the low single digits. But we believe, given the opportunity pipe that we're seeing and the opportunity pipe that we inherited from LT, that even though the LT part of the business is growing more modestly, that over the coming couple of years, at least the power piece of that will get into the higher single-digit area at least into the model. And everywhere that -- as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we use a rule of thumb that for every dollar of mixed signal or legacy ADI Hittite content, there's at least $1 of LT power. I will tell you as well that we're already starting to see revenue synergies on the LT side. We're winning designs for power management. And as we kind of retune the business logic on the LT side and we tune the organization and the business for profitable growth, we're already beginning to see the start of synergies there. The BMS sector, well, we've said before that was a trouble spot for ADI in 2017, the battery management area. But it has stabilized and is now in the recovery phase. So we're expecting to be able to grow the battery management part of our business in double digits this year. And as I said, that is at the beginning phases of what I think will be a strong recovery during the second quarter. 
Michael Lucarelli: If you take a step back, I would say 2017 was -- grew about low single digits year-on-year as a combined business. I think 2018 is shaping up to be better than that given our book of business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: When's your -- industrial sales have sort of been off the charts over the last couple of quarters.  What's your level of visibility into the consumption of these parts in that when you look at this kind of growth, we have not seen that before -- but you have mentioned a couple of very strong drivers:  aerospace, defense and industrial automation and so forth. But what are the metrics you look at to just convince yourself that this kind of growth rate is sustainable and then there isn't some kind of inventory or other risk bearing up somewhere? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question. I think, primarily, we as a company pay very careful attention to the end consumption. We look at sell-through in measuring the performance of our business, not what we ship into the channel, but what we sell through and what customers are consuming. So I would say first and foremost, that's the case. When you look at the backdrop, our market growth is very broad based, and all applications and geographies are up in double digits year-over-year. So again, you look at the PMIs, they're still in expansion phase globally. And GDP is converging across the globe across all the major geographies into an expansionary phase. So also, we pay a lot of attention to what our customers are saying. And I would tell you that our customers across the board and all the regions are pragmatically optimistic. And their belief, given the macro environment, the macro backdrop, the PMI situation and the vast deployment of high-end machinery into the Asia region in particular, that '18 is going to be another good year and that we'll see momentum continue from '17, which we are experiencing right now. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Vivek, thanks for the question. I will just add, book-to-bill is looking very good. Lead times are stable and short, and we also are very conscious of what inventory in the channel is, and it does not give us concern. 
Operator: Our next question is from Harsh Kumar with Piper Jaffray. 
Harsh Kumar: Vincent, I had a quick question for you, sort of piggybacking on to what the previous question was. Doing extremely well in industrial, could you characterize the end markets that you plan? Do you think it's a function of that? Or do you think it's some other things that you guys as a company are doing to garner over-the-top growth? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question. I think we as a company retooled our strategy several years ago and primarily decided that we were focusing ADI's investments in the B2B space and pointing our sales force at the B2B area. Industrial is one of the first calls on our R&D. And the crop of products, I think, we have now is the strongest that it's ever been. So we are getting more content gain across all our industrial customers, both big and small. And I will tell you as well that in the areas of aerospace and defense and instrumentation, the combination with Hittite has really -- that's catalyzed content gain, and I think we're able to solve our customers' problems at a level that others can't in these areas. We're able to take a complete system, be it nanowatts to kilowatts, sensor to cloud, microwave to bits. So I think a large part is the sheer arsenal of technologies and products that we've got and we bring to bear, the focus that we've got as a company and how we're serving our customers' needs, being able to build more complete solutions for them. And we do that globally. And as I mentioned earlier, the combination of the LT sales and applications force with ADI just strengthens our position and enables us to cover evermore customers. So I think it's a case of converging, innovation engine working well. Our customer engagements are stronger than they've ever been. And we've been focused and making sure that we are able to gain share and build competitive advantage now for several years in the industrial area. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thanks for the question, Harsh. I would -- maybe I'll just wrap up in saying we have a very good process internally on selecting where we choose to invest and where we choose to innovate. And as Vince mentioned in his prepared remarks, you see that paying off by placing the right bets on where we see the secular trends growing at. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: Just wanted to kind of take a step back here and look at the underlying demand trends for the business and just get a sense on how broad based it was from a geographical perspective. Macroeconomic demand trends remain relatively healthy. Maybe if you guys could just talk about the year-over-year growth trends in the different geographies. 
Vincent Roche: Mike, do you want to take that? 
Michael Lucarelli: Yes, sure. First, I'll caution you. I mean, looking at the geography trends for us is not as useful as we base geography revenue on design-in activity. But in general, our strength is broad based. It's up double digits in every region in industrial. Our wireless business did good across the globe as well. I mean, this is definitely, I would call, a global synchronized growth scenario that we are benefiting from and really we've doing better than, I would say, given what Vince has talked about, given our share gains, our portfolio and where we're selecting to play. Do you have a follow-up? 
Harlan Sur: Yes. On the mil/aero side, the move to phased-array radar-based systems for both civil and defense-related applications, your guys' dollar content per engagement goes up there, I think, pretty significantly. And I think that there's only one other competitor in that space. Have some of these programs started to fire? Or is it more of a 2019 driver? And then if you can just remind us of the dollar content step-up relative to prior-generation architectures. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, look, there's many, many different subapplications within the aerospace and defense area. And I would say the recent history and the prognosis for those sectors remain strong in terms of the digitalization, fleet upgrades, for example, in the aerospace area. And we've highlighted in past conversations the area of these phased-array antenna systems, digitalizing the old analog radar systems used in civil and commercial aircraft systems. The content gain there goes from -- we believe, the SAM goes from probably $100,000 in the past to probably $2 million in the future, somewhere in between, depending on the types of architectures and deployments. So the upside demand we're seeing for these phased-array systems and the opportunity is very, very compelling. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Okay. Thank you all for joining us this quarter. As always, Mike is available for those of you who are unable to get through on today's Q&A session. Jennifer, we can wrap up the call. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-20 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Ali Husain, Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Ali Husain: Okay. Good morning, everybody. Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining our conference call. You can find our press release and relating financial schedules at the usual place at investor.analog.com. With me on the call today are ADI CEO, Vincent Roche; ADI's CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah; and Mike Lucarelli from Investor Relations.
 First, let's get through our disclosures. Note that the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Today's commentary about ADI's fourth quarter and fiscal '17 financial results will be detailed further in our 10-K, which we expect to file over the next few days.
 In addition, note that ADI's fourth quarter and fiscal '17 financial results and short-term outlook will include non-GAAP financial measures when comparing our results to our historical performance. Special items are also excluded from the prior quarter and year-over-year results. Available reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and in our web schedules, which we have posted under the Quarterly Results section at investor.analog.com. Our web schedules also include a historical view of what the combined ADI and Linear Tech would have looked like by end market, by quarter for the last 3 years. And lastly, please note that our outlook for ADI's first quarter fiscal '18 includes an additional week, so fiscal 1Q '18 will be a 14-week quarter and is expected to include 1 normal week of revenue expense.
 Okay. So with that, I'll turn it over to ADI CEO, Vincent Roche. With the exception of fourth quarter revenue, Vince's comments about our financial results are on a non-GAAP basis and exclude special items outlined in today's release and in our web schedules.
 Okay, Vince, it's all yours. 
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Ali, and a very good morning, everyone. I'd like to firstly welcome Prashanth to ADI. This is, as you know, Prashanth's first quarter as our CFO, and I'm really delighted to have him join ADI.
 Turning to the quarter. The fourth quarter fiscal 2017 was another very successful quarter for ADI, and I'm pleased to share our results with you this morning. Revenue in the fourth quarter totaled $1.54 billion and was above the midpoint of guidance as the communications and consumer markets led our sequential growth, while the industrial and automotive markets were stable to the prior quarter. Our strong overall revenue performance, coupled with disciplined operational execution, expanded gross and operating margins and drove diluted earnings per share to $1.45, which was above the high end of our guidance. And I'll provide you with a historical perspective.
 Over the last 5 years, ADI has doubled its revenue base to $5.2 billion, expanded operating margins by over 900- basis points to approximately 40% and nearly tripled free cash flow generation on a combined company basis to $1.9 billion or 34% of sales, which is within the top 5% of all S&P 500 companies. From a strategic perspective, 2017 was a watershed year as we completed the acquisition of LTC, further deepening and widening our competitive moat, expanding our capabilities in high-value signal processing and power management applications and giving ADI the ability to more completely serve the ever-expanding needs of our more than 100,000 customers. ADI is now able to solve customer problems from sensor to cloud, from DC to 100 gigahertz and from nanowatts to kilowatts with a leading market position in all product segments.
 Fiscal 2017 was also marked by strong execution across our portfolio of products and customers. For example, in the industrial market, which represented 46% of revenue in fiscal '17, our battery formation and test equipment solutions experienced both cyclical and secular growth as we gained additional dollar content in our customer systems and added new customers in this expanding market, which is forecasted to grow 5x by 2022.
 The factory automation sector also grew strongly during the year as customers made both brownfield and greenfield upgrades to manufacturing equipment. Here, ADI's technology solutions are enabling value creation for our customers by helping reduce plant downtime, boost productivity and make manufacturing more flexible and configurable.
 In health care applications, our optical sensor-based solutions also grew strongly over the prior year led by vital signs monitoring and imaging applications.
 In the automotive market, which represented 15% of revenue in fiscal 2017, we made excellent progress on the promise of autonomous driving with new innovations in radar technology, where our solutions provide superior range and resolution capability beyond anything available in the market today. And in automotive infotainment applications, we hit an important milestone for our A2B audio bus solution, surpassing 1 million units shipped in the year across platforms of many automotive OEMs, including Ford.
 The communications market represented 18% of revenue in fiscal '17. Within this market, we have experienced a tenfold revenue increase over the past 4 years for our software-defined radio solutions, which have become the market leader from macrocell, massive MIMO and small cell.
 The consumer market represented 21% of revenue for the year and also grew strongly, led by portable applications.
 As we often say, luck favors the prepared minds, and we've been preparing and investing for this moment for many, many decades. And across our business, we are creating, capturing and retaining value by leveraging our culture of innovation to solve our customers' biggest and most pressing challenges.
 Building on a very strong 2017, we believe we can continue to drive long-term profitable growth by investing at the cutting edge to grow our core franchises and by extending our reach with our customers.
 So with that, I'd like to turn the call over to ADI's new CFO, Prashanth. In his short time here, Prashanth has hit the ground running, providing me and the organization with his keen strategic insights. And I'm very confident that with his operational focus and financial discipline, we will increase shareholder value further. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and let me add my welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. I'm very excited to be joining Analog Devices and to be joining Vince's leadership team. This is a company with tremendous legacy of innovation, and I look forward to helping to drive the business and deliver against our long-term financial model.
 In my 8 weeks here, I've been deeply impressed with the quality of ADI's technology, the dedication of our employees and the depth of our customer relationships. I have met many of you by phone already, and I look forward to getting on the road and meeting you in person.
 Now getting to our results. As Vince mentioned, the fourth quarter of 2017 was an excellent period across multiple dimensions and caps off a very strong year. As I walk through the P&L, with the exception of revenue and non-op expense, my comments will be on a non-GAAP or adjusted basis, which excludes special items outlined in today's press release.
 Revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.54 billion, up 6% sequentially and above our guidance midpoint. Gross margins were 40- basis points higher than our guidance, primarily on higher utilization and cost synergy capture. Inventory was stable at 108 days in the quarter. And on a dollar basis, inventory increased $31 million sequentially as we ramped production to match strong demand. Distribution channel inventory of 7 weeks was stable to the prior quarter as well on both a weeks and a dollar basis.
 Operating expenses in the fourth quarter were $435 million or 28% of revenue, which improved operating margin to 42.6%. Non-op expenses in the fourth quarter were $67 million, and we should see this decline by $2 million to $3 million per quarter for fiscal '18.
 Our fourth quarter non-GAAP tax rate of 9% included a full year true-up to bring the 2017 rate to 9.6%. But as we look to 2018, we expect a 12% tax rate, which is an improvement versus our previously issued guidance of 15%. 
 EPS for the fourth quarter was $1.45, bringing the full year to $4.72, up $1.65 from the prior fiscal year.
 Free cash flow generation was very solid in the quarter at $630 million with an associated free cash flow margin of 41%. And during the quarter, we paid down $350 million of debt, which has helped reduce our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 2.6, down from the 2.9 in the prior quarter.
 Capital additions in the fourth quarter were $65 million, and we expect capital additions in fiscal 2018 to continue to run at our model of approximately 4% of sales.
 During the quarter, we paid $167 million in dividends with an associated quarterly cash dividend of $0.45, representing an annual dividend payment of $1.80 per share. All in, a good quarter to wrap up a solid year.
 Let us now turn to our outlook and expectations for the first quarter of fiscal '18, which with the exception of revenue, are also on a non-GAAP basis. We are planning for revenue in the 14-week first quarter to be in the range of $1.44 billion to $1.54 billion. We expect a full week's revenue benefit from this 14th week as it falls in the last week in the month of January. Adjusting for the additional week and at the midpoint of guidance, Q1 revenue is expected to decrease sequentially. On this same basis, we expect ADI's B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications in aggregate to decrease in the mid-single-digits sequentially in the seasonally slower first quarter but to be up over the prior year, led by the industrial end-market. Given that our revenue guidance by end-market is not perfectly correlated with our actual results, this will also be the last quarter in which we provide our revenue outlook by end-market. Of course, we will continue to guide you to an overall revenue range.
 We are planning for gross margins to remain relatively stable sequentially and to be in the range of 70.5% to 71%. Operating expenses are estimated to be in the range of $440 million to $450 million and include an additional week's worth of activity related to the 14-week quarter. On a 13-week basis, operating expenses are expected to decrease in the mid-single-digits sequentially.
 Based on these inputs, we expect operating margins in the first quarter of 2018 to be in the range of approximately 40% to 42% and for diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, to be in the range of $1.20 to $1.36.
 So to wrap it up, this was a terrific quarter of performance and wraps up a very strong year of revenue growth, margin expansion, EPS growth and free cash flow generation. Looking ahead, we're encouraged by a number of positive indicators across our business, including the strong secular growth drivers, a robust opportunity pipeline and access to customers at an unprecedented level, which, combined with our strong free cash flow and commitment to deleveraging, will continue to drive value for our shareholders.
 Now before we move to the Q&A, I have an additional announcement. To help continue the successful integration of Linear Tech, I am delighted to announce that Ali Husain has accepted the position of CFO for ADI's Power division, supporting Steve Pietkiewicz and will be relocating with his family to sunny California. Vince and I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ali for the tremendous work he has done with the investment community, and we look forward to working with him in this new role to drive even greater shareholder value in the future. Moving forward, Mike Lucarelli, whom many of you already know from his work with Ali over the past couple of years, will be your main point of contact in IR. I have enjoyed getting to know Mike over the past few weeks as someone who is both energetic and knowledgeable. I'm sure you'll find Mike to be a great resource for your investment research on ADI.
 And so with that, I'll turn it over to Ali for our Q&A session. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Prashanth. It's been a privilege working with the investment community, and I look forward to this new challenge.
 So all right, let's get to the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] So operator, let's get to our first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Vince, Prashanth, congratulations on the strong results. Ali, congratulations on the new role. My first question, Vince, is just around industrial year-over-year growth. I think, clearly, one of the investor concerns out there is that, that part of your business has been growing at greater than 20% for several quarters consecutively, and I think there are some concerns around sustainability. Last quarter, you sort of highlighted some one-offs that helped to drive some of the strength, including things like ATE. Were there one-offs in the October quarter? And I guess, more importantly, as you look out over the next several quarters, how would you expect year-over-year growth rate to trend? And what sort of the more normalized growth rate we should suspect as being sustainable? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, good question, John. Thanks. I think -- let me start with the last part of the question first about sustainable growth rates. If you look back over the last 5 years of our business, we've had a growth rate in 2017 that was well beyond 20% in the industrial sector. But actually, when you aggregate over 5 years, the growth rate was around 5%. And I think that is a sustainable number and the way to think about the long-term growth trajectory for the industrial business. So then looking into '18, how do we view things? Well, I think, for sure, the strong GDP environment bodes well for the industrial business, number one. I think also we're seeing good growth drivers. I've had the benefit of speaking to many executives of many of our industrial customers over the last several months, the last few quarters, and what I can tell you is that the activity in building out the industrial IoT, I talked in the prepared remarks about the brownfield upgrade in America, for example, the greenfield build-outs in China, all these things, I think, are good secular growth drivers that have many, many years of legs to them, particularly, I would say, in China. And added to that, John, we're seeing, for example, the emergence of these rechargeable batteries everywhere, in cars, obviously everybody knows about smartphones and so on and so forth. But the formation and test of those battery systems is quite a great performance challenge and an area where we see a lot of opportunity to bring precision technologies to market. So I think you've got to be skeptical to some extent. I think there are -- it's -- are those growth rates sustainable? Yes. I think on a 5% level, they are. But my sense is heading into '18, we should be able to hold the gains. I guess the only cautionary tale, if is there is one in the industrial market, is the world of ATE. But again, there, what we're seeing is the -- for example, the shift from hard disk drive to solid-state memories, the building out of these giga memory factories and giga factories in general to support consumer goods. So I think when you put everything together across instrumentation, aerospace and defense, factory automation and instrumentation in general, I think we're in for a good cycle right now. 
John Pitzer: Maybe as my follow-on, just on the consumer side, it was a lot stronger than expected in the October quarter. I wonder if you can give us some color on what was driving the strength. And I know, Prashanth, in your prepared comments, you mentioned you want to stay away from giving guidance on an ongoing basis by end-market. But during the Analyst Day this year, you kind of gave fairly specific guidance for all of fiscal '18 on consumer, and as we think about your differing content in flagship phones and how that might look into the January quarter, is there any help you can give us on what we should expect to see out of consumer, at least relative to seasonality going into January? 
Vincent Roche: Yes -- well, our consumer business in the quarter was ahead of expectation. It was at the high-end of our expectation, and it was clearly driven by portable applications. And as we signaled at the Analyst Day, we're expecting our consumer business to be done in 2018 largely on the back of a weaker portable market, portable business for ADI. And you're already starting to see that weakness in the guidance that we're now providing. So I think at the midpoint of guidance, if you take '18, the prediction for '18, we expect consumer to be down meaningfully over 2017. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: John, I will only add that if you take the guidance we've given you, you adjust for the 13th quarter, which is the first calculation, and then you back out the B2B guidance we've given you, you should be able to impute the consumer guide and you'll come up with a pretty meaningful number, which is the trend that we've been indicating for the past several quarters is starting to materialize. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: So I had a question on the automotive market. You highlighted 1 million units of A2B. Can you just talk about kind of the breadth of that? I know you mentioned before, but just kind of design -- breadth of design and how you see the trajectory in A2B. 
Vincent Roche: Craig, virtually, all the OEMs across the globe have adopted A2B. And we just basically got our steam going in 2017 largely in the U.S. and, to some extent, Europe. So we're at the very, very early stages. We're not at the knee of the curve yet, so to speak. So I expect a hockey stick in the A2B market over the next 3 years, and it will ramp in '18 and '19. And I think we'll be at some significant, sustainable level of revenue in the 2020 time frame. So it's -- we're in the ramp phase, but I think it's very meaningful that we've already shipped 1 million units into production models at this point. 
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then as my follow-up for Prashanth, what are the key areas as you kind of step into the CFO role there, key areas of focus for you and opportunities you see going forward? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Thank you. So certainly, my primary goal is going to be ensuring that we deliver against the financial model that was communicated over the summer. That means we need to grow our revenue, convert that revenue into high profit dollars and then deliver that profit as cash flow growth to pay down our debt. I would say equally important will be to work collectively with the 3 division presidents to ensure the successful integration of LTC, to achieve both the revenue and the cost synergies that were underpinning the deal rationale. And then maybe last, I think Vince had mentioned in prior calls that I've been chartered with working with the division leaders to really uncover and capture opportunities for trapped value to help drive shareholder value. That includes areas that I've already begun working with the organization on such as pricing. 
Operator: Our next question is from William Stein with SunTrust. 
William Stein: I'm hoping you can characterize lead times and book-to-bill in the quarter that's being reported and compare them to the prior quarter. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. Yes, I can help you with that. So as I mentioned, activity remains fairly stable. So on a book-to-bill basis at the enterprise level, just a hair under 1 as we head into the first quarter, and then if you back out consumer, some slight expansion versus that. However, the -- as I mentioned, the channel still looks very stable at around 7 weeks and equivalent on a dollar basis. So we're heading into the holiday season, but from where we stand today, given the somewhat limited visibility that this industry has, things look to be stable. 
William Stein: Okay. One other as a follow-up, if I can. I'm hoping you can offer some competitive commentary on the converter market in light of one of the field programmable gate array companies highlighting this product they call an RFSoC that they indicate is taking share in the converter market. If you can comment on that. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Look, as is the dynamic in the business world, good markets are always going to attract competition. And I think competition in the converter market in general has been really consolidating over the last 5 or 7 years, so -- but we've got a 5-decade history of building high-performance analog solutions for our customers across the board in areas like wireless infrastructure, wired infrastructure and other important areas like aerospace and defense, civil aviation and so on. And what I can tell you for sure is that as the OEMs deal with ever-increasing technology complexity, our customers in the area of these communication systems, in particular, where a lot of the very, very high-speed data converter products are used, they need a very broad array of microwave, of RF mixed-signal technologies and, of course, power technologies. And it's really about smartly partitioning their solutions for performance, for power efficiency, for footprint and last but not least, cost. And we have a multi-decade history of not only delivering on all aspects of those performance dimensions across the board, but also, we've been delivering a broad suite and array of converter products for many, many years on time with very high quality, and last but not least, great support at the application and system level. So there will always be competition, but our portfolio is unmatched in our industry irrespective of whatever configuration a customer is using. So there will always be competition, but it's our job to stay ahead right on the cutting edge of what's possible. 
Operator: Our next question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: I guess, first question, as you think about the extra week in January, do you expect that to be equally apportioned across all segments? Or do you think 1 or 2 will do better than others? And I guess, as a follow-up to that, how do you think about normal seasonality heading into the April quarter? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sure. So C.J., that extra week is just the calendar consequence of how the ADI fiscal is run. So it comes around every 5 to 6 years. It will be equivalent across all industries. And since it falls sort of in the month of January, I would not expect anything out of the ordinary for that. But I would remind everyone that as you build your models going forward into Q2 that you do want to adjust your sequential growth rates to reflect that you're moving from a 14-week into a 13-week quarter. 
Christopher Muse: Okay. And then I guess as my follow-up, I guess to kind of follow on, on John's question around the sustainability of industrial strength year-on-year, can you kind of walk through as you look back on '17, how much of the strength was sort of a reset to GDP versus replenishment in the distribution channel versus rising silicon content? How do you think about those 3 factors in terms of 20-plus percent growth? 
Vincent Roche: Well, yes, in times -- in terms of rising silicon content, I think there's no question there is more sensing, more measuring being applied to factory automation and process control machines, so we benefit from that. Something that doesn't get talked about as much is the automation of labor in China, and that's going to be a multiyear build-out. And many of our European and Japanese customers, in particular, are benefiting from that build-out. But that will be -- that's part of the China 2025 initiative, so that's very significant and will be for a long time to come. And I think -- look, there's certainly an anxiety around supply out there, so clearly, a certain amount of the demand is driven by anxiety. But I would say, when you look across our channel, you look across our customer base, inventories are up somewhat. Our inventories are up a little, but we're building inventory on the basis of what we believe to be real demand. So I think this is very much a demand-driven cycle. And I think when you look at the inventories across the board, things are in pretty good balance at the moment. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: First, on the guidance for next quarter. The B2B corrected for the extra week down mid-single-digits. It seems to be a bit worse than I would consider normal. Is there anything specific across your 3 businesses, I guess, relative to what we'd ordinarily see as we go into Q1 that's driving that maybe a little worse than normal seasonality? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Well, I would say, Stacy, that when you look at that on a year-over-year basis, even guiding B2B as we did, is still pretty healthy growth year-on-year. So that gets you almost to high single digits, low double digits. 
Stacy Rasgon: Yes, but industrial is up like 25%, right? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Sorry? 
Stacy Rasgon: The industrial is up like 25% year-over-year, so I mean, what's going on sequentially? 
Ali Husain: Stacy, in the first quarter, if you back into the guidance, industrial would be up in the mid-teens. And the B2B markets, as Prashanth mentioned, are forecast to be up in the high single digits over the prior year in the first quarter on a 13 -- to 13-week basis. So into a quarter, that is typically lower on a seasonality basis, particularly for industrial given that you have the holiday period for the factories. 
Stacy Rasgon: But I mean, you always have a holiday period in that quarter, right? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Correct. I'm just saying on a sequential basis. 
Ali Husain: Yes, I mean, C.J. -- sorry, Stacy, we're headed into a seasonally weaker quarter. We read the order flows and we provide you with a guidance range that we think is reasonable. You can choose to take the midpoint of that range. It creates a high single-digit growth in the B2B markets over the prior year. That's the best we can tell you. The other thing I'll point out is we did beat the midpoint of the guidance in the prior quarter by 260- basis points, so we're certainly coming off of a pretty strong result. And I think the year-over-year growth rate is really what we would look to in terms of how we think about running the business and the success of our business. So I hope that's helpful. Did you have a follow-up? 
Stacy Rasgon: I did. I wanted to ask about automotive. So it's kind of flattish year-over-year -- I mean, sequentially but also year-over-year on a combined basis with Linear, which is a little bit at odds with what we're seeing from some peers. It also maybe sounds like a little bit at odds with what you're seeing on your A2B market and the growth in there. So can you talk a little bit about the auto dynamics, in particular, on a year-over-year basis? When does it start to grow? And what's been going on this last year? 
Vincent Roche: Sure, Stacy. So yes, yes, okay. So if you look at the legacy ADI business during '17, that part of our automotive business grew in the high single digits. Where we had some headwind was specifically because of the continuing battery management weakness in the LTC portfolio. So that whole BMS thing, that whole markets is highly concentrated in terms of customers and programs. So really, what we're seeing is still a working off of the inventories in China, but the pipeline that we have in BMS designs is good. And so we see that business recovering during '18 as several of these new customer programs start to come online. So I think by the end of '18, we'll be on a good growth track in that business. But that is the primary dampening effect, if you like, on our automotive business. And as we said at the Analyst Day, we expect this business to grow at 2 to 3x SAAR, and that's still our commitment. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. 
Mark Lipacis: If you look at the operating margins, they've expanded over -- by about 450- basis points over the last year, 950 bps over the last 3 years. And I was wondering, is there a physical limit to the margin profile here? Is there any reason why they would not continue to drift up over time? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Mark, I would probably take you back to the financial model, and that's the -- that's where we have modeled out how this business is going to -- is expected to operate over the next several years. So we have some favorability movement now. We've talked about utilization rates. We've talked about bringing in synergies a little earlier than possible. But I would say that the way to think about it is to really hold us with -- to that model because that's how -- the standard we hold ourselves to. 
Mark Lipacis: And a follow-up, if I may. The -- if you look at previous industries that have consolidated, you do see an upward bias on -- or better pricing environment. The analog industry has been consolidating. You guys have been an important driver of that. Can you describe -- Prashanth, I know that you had mentioned pricing as one area of focus as you head into this opportunity. Can you describe what you have been seeing on the pricing environment over the years? Are there -- are you noticing changes? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, Mark, I'm going to let Vince take that since he has a bit longer perspective on pricing and the trends that we're seeing. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think it's true to say that, certainly, consolidation has helped to stabilize prices across the industry. We're also seeing stabilization partly because of the environment in which we are working, but also because we're paying a lot more attention to getting -- understanding where there's elasticity and just basically holding onto the value that we generate better. So I think it's a trend, and we're certainly seeing a stabilizing trend across our business over the last 2 or 3 years, and I believe that stability will continue. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: And Mark, I would only add from my personal observation, is we -- there's a broad section of the ADI portfolio that is very sticky. And we need to ensure that we take advantage of that to ensure that we're getting fair value for the value -- for the technology that we bring to our customers, and that could represent some pricing opportunities. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: Congratulations to Prashanth and to Ali. My first question is on communications. So it's starting to grow nicely year-over-year again. I was just hoping you could add a little bit more color on what's driving that, especially in relation to topics like 4.5G, 5G, optical and so on. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, sure, Tore. So the communications business, as you know, is driven by 2 primary sectors. We've seen wireless infrastructure particularly strong. It was up over the prior quarter and driven by demand in developing regions like India, for example, but also in more developed markets like North America and China. We've seen both macro and small cell strength. And I'll give you a little more color in terms of technology in a second before I -- after I make a comment on the wireline side of things. So it's well known that the wireline business, particularly the optical part of that, has shown weakness in China over the past year. So that's been the damper there. I think the wireless sector is going to see some good growth in the coming 3 to 5 years. And I'll give you a little bit of color on that. As I see it, the -- there's good activity still on 4G, heavy activity in 4.5G, and 5G is in trials right now. But I think the boundaries between 4.5 and 5G are bloating to some extent. Both of them are going to be based on massive MIMO, and the indications are that, that market is going to start to ramp in the latter part of 2018, into 2019 and won't hit peak until 2020. But as I said, we're seeing, for example, activity where customers, our existing customers, are targeting at extending life of 4G systems. So there's activity in upgrading 4G, introducing 4.5G and getting 5G into play. So as I said, I think with all the demands for mobile data, we're still working hard on the classical problems of integration, design agility, power consumption. And with our LTC, the acquisition of LTC, we have a very strong power portfolio. So we're in a better and better position as a company to take advantage of these trends across the board. So whatever the configuration that customers use in 4, 4.5, 5G, ADI is very well prepared to satisfy our customers' needs. 
Tore Svanberg: That's very helpful. And for my follow-up for Prashanth, so you talked about utilization being up sequentially. Can you talk about where you stand on utilization today? And maybe more certain, in general, where you are on in-house versus outside outsourcing at this point, especially given some of the fiber capacity that's out there at the wafer level? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Yes, sure. Thank you. So I think your first question is utilization levels. So Q3 -- sorry, excuse me, Q4 was a significant improvement for us in utilization. We don't share specific utilization percentage rate, but it's fair to say that we were extremely busy internally in our fabs. And on the balance between now that we have the LTC operation in -- consolidated, we're about 50-50 split between what we do in-house and what we give to third parties or our channel partners. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Gabriel Ho: This is Gabriel Ho calling in for Ambrish. So I'm just looking at the core, ADI business is up 14% year-over-year, and then your Linear is up 5%. So what is driving the differences in year-to-year performance? And also going forward, how should we think about maybe the 2 business to come work as you integrate the 2 businesses? 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: So -- I'm sorry, I did not catch your name. 
Gabriel Ho: This is Gabriel Ho. 
Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah: Gabriel. Sorry, sorry. Thank you, Gabriel. All right. So I would say a few things. First, LTC's industrial business grew double digits year-over-year. So that's very much in line with how the peers are doing. The automotive business, Vince has already spoken to. The inventory unwind and what's happening there. So overall, we're comfortable with where LTC is. I think, historically, an investor pain point for LTC has been their focus on managing the business for gross margins versus a balance of revenue growth, and that is part of what the integration process is driving and bringing them into ADI's mindset about profitable growth to deliver the EBIT margin and the free cash flow. So as we look forward, I think that's very much into what we look to merge with the organization is to bring that top line focus into LTC, which, for some of the organization, hasn't been as strong as in ADI. 
Gabriel Ho: I see. And as a follow-up, I think now that the 2 businesses are combined, I think setting the 13-, 14-week quarter aside, so how should we think about in general the seasonality of your business for each quarter on a quarterly basis going forward? 
Ali Husain: Yes, Gabriel, I'll just take that. I think the way to think about it is that the ADI and Linear Tech B2B markets actually behave quite similarly on a seasonal basis. And what I would encourage you to do is we placed a schedule on our website that tracks the end market revenue by quarter for the combined companies and suggest that you can go back and calculate what you think seasonality would be because going forward, it's our sense that these 2 businesses, certainly in the B2B markets, track actually pretty similarly.
 So okay. I hope that was helpful. Thank you again for joining us this morning for the call. A copy of this transcript will be available on our website. And all the reconciliations and additional information can be found on the Quarterly Results section of our Investor Relations site at investor.analog.com. So with that, thank you for joining us, and have a Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-08-29 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web.
 I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Ali Husain, Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Ali Husain: All right. Great. Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning to everybody on the line here. Thanks for joining the Analog Devices Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call.
 First, I'd like to get through our disclosures. Note that the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 Today's commentary about ADI's third quarter financial results will include non-GAAP financial measures. When comparing our third quarter results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from the prior quarter and year-over-year results. Available reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and in our web schedules, which we've posted under the Quarterly Results section at investor.analog.com. Our web schedules also include a historical view of what the combined ADI and Linear Tech would have looked like by end market, by quarter for the last 3 years.
 And lastly, please note that ADI's first quarter of fiscal '18 will be a 14-week quarter so you should adjust your models for an additional week of revenue and additional week of expenses for that quarter.
 And so with that, I'll turn it over to ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche. Vince's comments are on a non-GAAP basis and exclude special items outlined in today's release. So with that, Vince, it's all yours. 
Vincent Roche: Thanks very much, Ali, and good morning, everyone.
 Well, this is another very successful quarter for ADI, and I'm pleased to share our results with you this morning. Not only were our third quarter financial results stellar, we're also making excellent progress in integrating Linear Tech from an organization and a synergy capture perspective.
 So let's start with our financial results for the third quarter. Total revenue was above the high end of guidance at $1.46 billion, primarily on broad-based strength in the highly diverse industrial markets. And this strong revenue growth, coupled with disciplined operational execution, delivered gross margins of 70.5% and operating margins of 40.5%. Importantly, the combined company has generated $1.9 billion of adjusted free cash flow over the past 12 months with associated margins of 34%, which are among the highest in the S&P 500.
 Now, I'd like to give you some details on our performance by end market during the quarter. The industrial market represented 49% of sales and demand across all industrial sectors and regions was strong. ADI's industrial business is now nearing a $3 billion annual run rate and we see numerous opportunities to drive additional dollar content and revenue growth as customers increasingly rely on ADI to make their applications more intelligent, more connected and more efficient. For example, in factory automation, our software configurable I/O solution is making the factory floor more flexible and configurable. The value creation opportunity is highly compelling. Customers have the potential to save more than $2 million per typical installation and factory downtime during line changeovers can be reduced by more than 8 weeks. As the factory floor further automates, ADI's opportunity in the area of robotics doubles with the addition of sensing, signal processing, power delivery and connectivity. A new application such as in collaborative robotics expand our available market by around $300 million over the next 5 years.
 Switching now to automotive. This market represented 16% of revenue and increased over the prior year. ADI's dollar content opportunity in a vehicle today is approximately $250, but we believe we can more than double this by 2025 from emerging megatrends such as autonomous driving and the electrification of the powertrain. For autonomous and semi-autonomous vehicles, ADI's 77 gigahertz radar solution delivers the highest levels of resolution and sensitivity, increasing spatial accuracy by a factor of 8 while making the radar 3x smaller. In addition, the desire to make cars more energy-efficient is driving the electrification of the vehicle powertrain. Here, ADI's battery management products are 3x more accurate than competing solutions, enabling more miles per battery charge.
 The communications infrastructure market totaled 18% of sales in the third quarter. By application area, sequential strength in wireline offset a slower wireless sector. ADI's portfolio of RF and microwave and high-speed signal processing, coupled with power, is unmatched in breadth and depth with products that span the entire frequency spectrum to 100 gigahertz and beyond. For example, our software-defined radio transceivers dramatically simplify the base station radio card through aggressive integration and software configuration. This solution enables higher channel density and reduces our customers' time-to-market. Today, ADI solutions are pervasive in 5G field trials and we are well-positioned to benefit from the wave of 5G deployments that we believe will begin in 2019.
 The consumer market represented 17% of sales in the third quarter, increasing both sequentially and year-over-year across prosumer and portable consumer applications. We've built a strong consumer franchise that focuses on solving our customers' toughest engineering challenges, providing them with a high level of differentiation and, in turn, driving very strong profitability and free cash flow for ADI.
 So in summary, this was an excellent quarter and we believe that we are better positioned than ever to drive long-term profitable growth and free cash flow.
 So with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ali for details of our financial performance in the quarter. 
Ali Husain: Okay. Thanks, Vince, and good morning, again, everyone.
 Before we move to the quarterly results, please note that with the exception of nonoperating expense, my comments on the P&L line items exclude special items outlined in today's release and our web schedules can be found on the IR page.
 Okay. So as Vince just outlined, this was another really solid quarter for ADI with all line items of the P&L exceeding the high end of our guidance range on very strong business performance and operational execution. So total revenue increased to $1.46 billion with a $393 million contribution from Linear Technology. ADI's standalone revenue increased 6% sequentially and 23% over the prior year and this reflected strong and broad-based demand, particularly in the industrial market.
 Gross margins in the third quarter were 70.5%, above our guidance range, primarily on a higher industrial revenue mix and cost synergy capture.
 Dollars of inventory increased $40 million sequentially as we ramped production to match strong demand, but on a days basis, inventory was stable at around 106 days.
 Deferred revenue for shipments into distribution increased 11% sequentially and weeks of inventory in distribution were, again, at 7 weeks, which has been very consistent over many, many quarters now.
 Operating expenses in the third quarter were $437 million or 30% of revenue and, as a result, operating margins expanded to 40.5%, which was above the high end of guidance.
 Nonoperating expense in the third quarter was $68 million, reflecting a full quarter of interest expense with the financing related to the Linear Tech acquisition in place. Our expectation is for nonoperating expense to be approximately $65 million, both in the fourth quarter of 2017 and in the 14-week first quarter of 2018, and to decrease to $55 million to $60 million per quarter for the remainder of fiscal '18.
 Our third quarter non-GAAP tax rate was 10.8%. We expect our fourth quarter non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 10% and for it to be approximately 15% in 2018.
 Diluted share count increased to 371 million shares in the third quarter, primarily due to the equity consideration relating to the acquisition. Excluding special items, diluted earnings per share in the third quarter of '17 was $1.26. That was $0.05 above the high end of guidance.
 During the quarter, we completed a restructuring of our legal entities related to the Linear Tech acquisition. This resulted in a onetime cash payment of $750 million. Excluding this item, ADI generated $322 million of adjusted free cash flow in the quarter and $1.9 billion for the combined company on a trailing 12-month basis.
 During the quarter, we paid down $600 million of the debt associated with the Linear Tech acquisition, which helped reduce our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 2.9x. We expect to pay down our debt at a rate of approximately $1 billion per year and are planning to achieve a 2x net debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio by the first half of fiscal 2019. Once we achieve this leverage ratio, we plan to reinstitute or reinstate our share buyback program and target an overall cash return to shareholders of 80% to 100% after debt service.
 So moving on to fixed asset additions, which in the third quarter were $64 million for the combined company and are planned to be approximately $200 million for fiscal '17. And this is probably a good opportunity to also point out that our model is for CapEx to run at approximately 4% of revenue on an ongoing basis.
 During the quarter, we also paid $166 million in dividends and, earlier this week, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.45 per outstanding share of common stock payable on September 19 to shareholders of record at the close of business on September 8. And that dividend payment now represents $1.80 per share annualized dividend payment.
 Okay. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Vince for our outlook for the fourth quarter of '17, which exclude special items outlined in today's release. 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Ali.
 After a strong third quarter, we're planning for revenue in the fourth quarter of 2017 to be in the range of $1.45 billion to $1.55 billion. By end market, we're planning for the industrial and communications infrastructure sectors to be approximately flat sequentially and for the automotive and consumer markets to grow from their third quarter levels. Gross margins are expected to remain stable at approximately 70.5% as cost synergies offset the anticipated mix of revenue. Operating expenses are estimated to be down 3% to flat sequentially. At the midpoint of this guidance, these inputs translate into an operating expense ratio of approximately 29% and operating margins of approximately 42% in the fourth quarter. Based on these estimates and excluding special items, diluted earnings per share are planned to be in the range of $1.29 to $1.43.
 As you likely saw as well, we recently announced our new CFO, Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah, who will be joining us at the end of September. I'm really looking forward to Prashanth's arrival and getting the benefit of his strategic insight and strong operational focus as we continue our long-term customer and shareholder value creation journey.
 We believe that our organization, portfolio and customer relationships have never been in better shape and our technology never more essential to an ever more connected and intelligent world. Our operating model calls for some of the highest margins in our industry and, indeed, in the S&P 500. Operating margins that are in the range of 39% to 45% and free cash flow margins in the range of 34% to 42%. And we're only getting started.
 So with that, we will take your questions. 
Ali Husain: Okay. Thanks, Vince.
 So let's get to our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] So operator, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: My first question is perhaps a bit more longer term for you, Vince. But as we now look at ADI, Linear and Hittite combined, can you give us any examples on how that combination really strengthens your barriers to entry? I mean, I know you're obviously working on a lot of new products with the 3 combined, but if you can give us any insight into how that positions ADI from a competitive perspective, that would be great. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, Tore. Well, if you look across the analog sector, we've now got all the building blocks focused at solving the toughest challenges that our customers face across every facets of -- whether it's sensing, measuring, interpreting, powering the signal chains. And that's the brand that we've been building for several years at ADI, that's the brand that both Hittite and the RF and microwave space and LT and the power and mixed signal space were building as well independently. So under one roof now, we can tackle our customers' toughest challenges, whether it's in communications infrastructure, in autonomous driving, in making our customers' installed factory automation and process control machines more intelligent, more connected. And clearly, that's the brand that we convey to our customers, that's the brand that our customers are buying and engaging with across all these different areas.
 So we are investing around now $1 billion of combined R&D across the 3 enterprises under one roof. So we're all the time looking to broaden and deepen our competitive mold and we believe we're in a better position now than ever across all these various markets and with larger customers. And with the addition of LT as well, we now got the chance to directly address more medium-sized and smaller customers directly. 
Ali Husain: Tore, did you have a follow-up? 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. So there's -- I have a follow-up on the communications bucket. So obviously, that's been more mixed here the last few quarters. I assume that's more related to wireless infrastructure, but you mentioned 5G coming online and it seems like maybe it's coming online sooner at least than I was thinking. So maybe you could elaborate a little bit on when you start to -- when you expect to start to see more material growth in the communications part of the business? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, Tore, we are playing in the field trials with virtually everybody today in the 5G area. My sense is that China and perhaps Japan will be first to market with 5G systems. And there are lots of definitions for what 5G really means, but I think the early systems will be massive MIMO-based, more like 4.5 plus, moving up to much higher frequencies over the next 5 years or so into the -- well into the gigahertz, the 20-, 30-gigahertz arena. So my sense is that 2019 is when we're going to see the first deployments in Asia in particular, and Europe and America a little bit longer, I think, to figure out exactly what standards and what frequencies they're going to target and to get into the field trial area. 
Ali Husain: Yes. And, Tore, I'll just to add, from a positioning standpoint, ADI's particularly well-positioned to benefit from these 5G deployments. Inherently, when you're enabling more bandwidth, you're going to need more radios, and that's really where we focus is on the radio. So the more radios that are out there, the better it is for ADI.
 And secondly, as you're moving faster -- to faster speeds and higher standards, you need to move up the frequency spectrum. And so with our addition of the Hittite portfolio, we're particularly well-positioned as we move up the frequency spectrum in areas like microwave and millimeter wave. 
Operator: Our next question is from Harlan Sur with JP Morgan. 
Harlan Sur: In automotive core ADI, I think the team has been driving sort of solid year-over-year growth over the past few quarters. And I think, combined with Linear, you guys drove sort of mid-single digits year-over-year growth in Q3. And then, if I look at Q4, right, that typically tends to be stronger. You guys are guiding for growth, but that would imply sort of a range of sort of anywhere from low single digits to mid-single digits year-over-year growth in Q4. Just given the momentum that you guys have, rising content on new model deployments, should we anticipate that -- embedded within your guidance that auto is probably growing kind of more towards that mid-single digits year-over-year growth range? 
Ali Husain: Okay. Let me take part of that and maybe for the longer-term piece, I can let Vince answer that.
 Okay. So in the quarter, automotive revenues were pretty stable sequentially. They were certainly ahead of the guidance range that we provided investors with. And it really was a tale of 2 cities in the automotive space or 2 businesses, frankly, because while the ADI standalone automotive business did, in fact, decrease in line with seasonality, again, on a sequential basis, the LTC automotive business recovered very, very strongly on a sequential basis. I call that because of a recovery in the powertrain sector specifically in China. So I think when you look at the tale of those 2 businesses combined, you see a pretty stable third quarter result.
 On a year-over-year basis, the ADI standalone revenue did grow in the high single digits, but as we point out in the schedule that we provided you, it appears to look like a mid-single-digit growth rate. And again, it's because of the Linear Tech business that's lower on a year-over-year basis around this powertrain business. Again, we're seeing a pretty good recovery in that space right now. So that -- I just want to give you a little bit of color on how the quarter turned out.
 In terms of the guidance for next quarter, all we can tell you, Harlan, is what we see in the order book and the order book supports a pretty seasonal fourth quarter. So it could be, on a year-over-year basis, anywhere from kind of the mid-single digits to high single-digit rate.
 The one thing I would point out is there's obviously been a lot of noise around SAR and we obviously look at all that information as well and we have access to that data as well as you do. And I'd be perfectly candid with you to tell you that for -- we are Tier 2 suppliers into Tier 1 suppliers who are supplying to OEMs. I think if any semiconductor company sits around and tells you that SAR has a direct impact on their revenue, it's frankly very, very hard for us to tell. All we can tell you is what's in the order book and the order book supports a pretty seasonal quarter in the fourth quarter. 
Harlan Sur: Great. And then, just a quick follow-up. Same question I had last quarter, which is obviously you guys talked about distribution inventory still being very disciplined on lead times. Again, looking at some of your peers, there appears to be some pockets of products that are seeing tightness of supply. Last quarter, you guys talked about being very comfortable satisfying customer demand within your normal 4 to 6-week lead times. I'm just wondering if that's still the case? 
Ali Husain: Yes. Good question. We obviously pay a lot of attention to that particularly because it is a customer service commitment that we have. And so absolutely, the lead times have remained very stable at 4 to 6 weeks and really not a whole lot of change there. We do have about 3.5 months worth of inventory on our own balance sheet. We have 7 weeks of inventory in distribution. And I'd say those metrics have been very, very stable. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: My question is on the Linear integration. And it looks like some of the synergies, especially on the margin front, are showing up earlier, but if I were to pick something that, at least to me, doesn't looked that positive is the free cash flow. And I'm not judging you on a quarterly basis. But even if I x out the onetime payment, free cash flow margin looks on the lower side. Could you please address that? 
Ali Husain: Yes. No, sure. And again, that's a metric that we look at very, very closely as well because even though we're at 34% free cash flow margins on a trailing 12-month basis -- and again, that is probably at the very high end of the S&P 500 -- I think the combination of these 2 businesses and how we think about the future here would suggest that we can really get these free cash flow margins really humming. So even though we're kind of at the high end of the free cash flow spectrum on the S&P 500, in terms of our free cash flow model, we're certainly at the lower end of that, which is 34% to 42% is the range.
 So yes, I would just point out, as you mentioned, Ambrish, the -- looking at free cash flow in any one quarter is -- obviously has a lots of puts and takes to it. The third quarter tends to be a quarter that's a seasonally weaker quarter for free cash flow generation. We tend to have a couple of things that go on in the third quarter. So really the compare is to last year. And I think we were at 25% last year and we're probably around 22% this year.
 There's a couple of items that are incremental, I guess, this year relative to last in the third quarter. One is we're obviously in a better business environment. And so when you do that, you tend to build inventory and ship inventory to customers, your accounts receivable goes up. Of course, all that converts into cash in the following quarter. But in any event, in the third quarter, we basically saw a use of cash in the working capital section of the free cash flow statement as a result of really better business conditions.
 The other item I'd point out relative to last year is we are obviously carrying a debt load related to the acquisition. And related to that debt load, there are 2 really semiannual payments that we need to make related to that debt load. One of those payments falls in the third quarter. So I think you saw a depressed free cash flow number this quarter. It really was kind of the perfect storm for cash flow this quarter. But I think over the longer term, we're very well-positioned to drive our 34% to 42% free cash flow margin model range.
 Did you have a follow-up? 
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes, I did. And you addressed the auto question that Harlan asked of you. But similarly on industrial -- and on industrial, we don't have any SAR number that we can look at and say, "Hey, look, SAR is at this and so your business should be doing this." How would you characterize what you're seeing in the industrial end market because there's obviously a whole bunch of cross currents there as well? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think, Ambrish, at this point, it's true to say -- I've talked with a lot of our -- the executives at our industrial customers over the last several months. I'd say there is generally optimism. I think people are pragmatic in terms of the CapEx environment, but what I will tell you is that there's a general sense that there's a better -- obviously a better economic environment in America, in particular for laying out CapEx and improving, I would say, the efficiency of the machinery, the installed base. So there's what our customers would call a brownfield upgrade in place. I think as well, China is on the track of mass automation, what they call China 2025, and that's having a huge effect obviously in our business in China and Japan.
 So I think, overall, there's strength across all the various sectors, whether it's automation, aerospace and defense or ATE, and all the geos are doing well at this point in time. And I think there's a good balance between the consumption of our products and the supply of our products at this point in time. 
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: Vince, I wanted to follow-up on a comment that you made in your prepared remarks regarding the automotive business and the potential for ADI content to double from now to the 2025 period. As investors look ahead to the next one to 2 years, where should they expect content to start to increase towards that $500 level from what is $250 now? What are the early signposts that they can look to for an increase in content? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, Craig. Good question. So obviously, autonomous driving, there are various levels of autonomous driving, but we're moving steadily towards a car that is using predictive safety more and more. So our radar solutions are doing well today and we have a great crop of new products at the very, very high-frequency level with tremendous spatial accuracy and very, very high channel count, so highly integrated. So that's one area where we will get a lot more penetration.
 Obviously, we're able to attach the power solutions as well of LT into those areas. So that probably -- between the radar solution itself and the combination with LT, that probably doubles the available market, bringing LT doubles the available socket value for ADI, if you like, in the radar area.
 We're starting to trial a solid-state LIDAR solution that will start to -- hopefully, in that period of time, over the next 5 years, we'll start to see some significant contribution in terms of revenue there. We've already announced new products that, A2B, for example, that move information around the car very efficiently and very cost-effectively. And we've more generations of that plus new variants of that coming.
 On the electrification side, we've built a very attractive sensor portfolio -- magnetic sensor portfolio, for example, for controlling movement in the car and measuring movement in the car with a lot of attached precision signal processing. So those are some examples. And obviously, with the -- on the electrification theme as well, the addition of LT's battery controllers is very exciting to our customers across the globe. And again, there are many ongoing sockets that we've been supplying for many, many years in areas like infotainment, audio, video interface. So all those areas we're building a very, very nice pipeline, which gives us tremendous confidence. 
Craig Ellis: Great. Ali, the follow-up question is for you. I appreciate the heads-up on the extra week in the fiscal first quarter of next year. As a backdrop to that, can you just help us, as you look at the combined business, what would normal seasonality be for the fiscal first quarter with Linear Tech in the portfolio? 
Ali Husain: Yes. No, I'd say it's -- that's a good question, Craig. I'd say the ADI B2B markets and the Linear Tech B2B markets probably are pretty similar in terms of how they would behave seasonally. We've also, by the way, put a schedule up on our IR page, which shows 3 years worth of data of what the combined company would have looked like by quarter. So we're also -- you guys can go and calculate the seasonality based on that data as well.
 The way to think about the first quarter is, generally speaking, it's a pretty weak quarter. It's a January quarter for ADI so not only do we get the December holidays, but we also get the January holidays that impact that quarter. And generally speaking, it's weaker for industrial and automotive and communications infrastructure as well.
 On the consumer side, I think if you kind of back into the fourth quarter guidance that we've given you for consumer, the year-over-year growth rate is down actually. So it's -- and I'd expect that weakness to continue in the first quarter and into the second quarter as well of next year.
 But coming back to the point about seasonality in the first quarter, because we are expecting an additional week of revenue in the first quarter, I just tack in an additional week of revenue, additional week of OpEx. And then, the second quarter, generally you see a recovery in the industrial and automotive markets sequentially, although this time my sense is that recovery will probably be a little bit more muted just simply because you get the additional week in the first quarter. And consumer, generally you see a bit of a leg down from its first quarter levels. And then, the third and fourth quarters are, again, seasonally pretty stable for the B2B markets and consumer tends to recover. So that's probably the way to think about 2018 and the impact of the extra week and the 14-week quarter of 1Q '18. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Vivek Arya: First question on the consumer segment. It's good to see that it's now less than 20% of sales. But do you think it's at a point where your large portable customer have sort of stabilized somewhat on a content basis so we don't have to worry about any big fluctuations that are content-related? I understand the seasonal swings in consumer, but at what point can we start to finding normal seasonality and not have to worry about content swings at large customers? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Well, as we talked about at the Analyst Day there a while ago, we are -- our sense is that our position in the portable space is strong in the areas that we care about. Obviously, the adoption cycles and the life cycles are shorter than in the areas like industrial, for example. So we have to -- there is a dynamic there where we have to fight for sockets continuously. But I think as we pointed out at the Analyst Day, we're expecting a level of stability at a lower run rate, perhaps down, in the portable area, of 20% in the coming year. That's what we're planning for and we're shooting for. And obviously, there may be upside to that, but that's how we think about it at this point in time. 
Ali Husain: Yes. I'll just add, Vivek. It's obvious. We have really no visibility into what 2018 is going to do in consumer, although we do have a good sense that our content in these devices is pretty platform-specific. And our sense is that, that mix is going to be weaker next year.
 As Vince pointed out, frankly, we were asked at the Analyst Day as well, it's just very hard to model that business. And so I've heard estimates from analysts to be down, that business, 20% to 30%. Our sense is that 30% is probably a worse case scenario in the consumer space for next year. 
Vivek Arya: Got it. Very helpful. And as my follow-up, now that you have achieved your 70%-plus kind of gross margin target, what are the next few milestones? And how should we think about the impact of mix versus utilization versus call synergies from here? 
Ali Husain: Yes. No, that's a good question. I think, Vivek, it's -- these 70.5% gross margins, 70-plus percent gross margins that we're putting up right now are a function of -- obviously, we're pretty well-utilized in our fabs given the current business conditions. In addition, the industrial market is really driving a lot of growth for us right now and that tends to drive pretty solid margins as well. In addition, we moved pretty early this quarter to capture some cost synergies in the gross margin line and that obviously helped as well.
 I think, as we look into next year, if business conditions remain in there, if business conditions are led by the industrial market, we do have more synergies on to come on that gross margin line. We should do better. But again, it's all going to be very much specific to the environment that we're in next year. 
Vivek Arya: Got it. So even if consumer declines next year, that should be helpful for gross margin line? 
Ali Husain: Well, I mean, I would say our margins across all of our businesses are actually quite good. So I don't expect that to be a big needle mover. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: Vince, one for you back on the industrial side. If I look at your growth year-over-year, I think the combined mix that you guys talked about has it up 27%. I think your guidance is up 10% to 20%, 25% year-over-year. That's really impressive, but almost so much so that I wonder if there's something company-specific going on. Is that -- that number is really about 2x what your competition is doing and much higher than anything you have done yourself in the last 5 years. So, I guess, given that, what's driving such strong growth? And how sustainable do you view that growth rate? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, Ross. I think there are a number of factors in the response here. Firstly, '16 wasn't a strong year, in particular on the industrial side of things. We have a strong play. We made a pivot as a company several years ago. We pivoted R&D and focus into areas like aerospace and defense. Hittite, obviously, has helped us a lot in the penetration of that space. Our automation business is strong across the globe. We've seen -- China has become a bigger part of what we do in the industrial area. So I think those things have helped us a lot. And obviously, with LT's focus as well, the mix of LT's business being skewed towards heavily B2B applications and particularly industrial, that helps everything. So I think there are a number of factors that are related to just a stronger market and ADI's position within the market. 
Ali Husain: Yes. And I'd just add to that, Ross. On a year-over-year basis, aerospace and defense and automated test equipment were up very, very strongly. And so we do have this broad base of customers and they've certainly done well as well, but we've also got a couple of these more programmatic areas like I just mentioned that really we're very strong on a year-over-year basis. And we look at these growth rates as well and we say, "Boy, this is really good growth. I would love to keep this going." But our sense is, at least from a supply chain perspective, that things are pretty stable, at least for the things that we can see. And I tend to look at the distie channels, see how that's doing, and that's been like clockwork at 7 weeks every quarter. And we did that again this quarter. So it's the best that we can tell you at this stage. 
Ross Seymore: Great. I guess, as my follow-up, switching over to the Linear Tech side. I believe last quarter, you talked about having $20 million out of the original $100 million in OpEx synergies already captured. Can you give us an update on what you've captured so far?
 And then, at your analyst meeting, a similar follow-up. You had -- you added $100 million with a longer time frame and made it a $250 million synergy target. Is that $100 million incremental more on the COGS side or more on the OpEx side? 
Ali Husain: Okay. Good question. So on the initial $150 million synergy that as, Ross, you point out, there was $20 million of public company costs that came out in the second quarter when we combined the companies. In the third quarter, there was an additional $20 million of synergies that we realized. And in the fourth quarter guidance -- and again, all this is embedded in the guidance -- there's an additional $45 million of cost synergies.
 So the way to think about it is by the end of the fourth quarter, we would have realized $85 million of the $150 million. And of that $85 million, the split on the P&L would be approximately 2/3 in the OpEx line and about 1/3 in the cost of sales line. Now, there's still an additional $65 million remaining that we expect to start recognizing ratably in the first quarter of '18 and ending by the fourth quarter of '18. And displayed on that, we expect to be about 2/3 cost of sales and 1/3 OpEx. So that's $150 million locked and loaded. We are obviously recognizing and realizing those synergies a little faster than we perhaps pointed to in the past, but I'll take it.
 And then, the $100 million of additional synergies that we talked about in the 3 to 5-year time frame, I would say we've identified those areas. I think, naturally, when you put 2 companies together, you're going to have efficiencies that take place and some of those are earlier, some of those are later. And in the 3 to 5-year time frame, we've got those synergies identified. It's just a question of communicating it to The Street and once we have that planned, we'll certainly do it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. I wanted to follow-up on the automotive side, particularly for BMS. Now that you have Linear's business in-house, just want to get a sense of just kind of design pipeline and how you're viewing that market over the intermediate to longer term. 
Vincent Roche: A lot of the activity, Craig, over the last couple of years for LT in that space has been in China and Asia in general. There has been an aggressive shift to penetrate the market as well in the U.S. and merging in Europe as well. So I would say given the pipeline, given the products that we have and given the penetration that we've got into some new areas as well, I think over the next 5 years it would be a significant growth contributor for ADI. 
Craig Hettenbach: Got it. And then, just want to follow-up on the CFO hire. Understanding Prashanth will be starting at the end of September, but just maybe just taking a step back and, Vince, if you could just shed light on kind of your process, how you evaluate different types of candidates and why you think he was the best fit for you? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So first and foremost, I was looking for a very seasoned CFO with an understanding of the technology environment. In fact, Prashanth ticks all of those boxes. He's been in the world of technology for a quarter of a century. He's a chemical engineer by background. So I think -- and his track record has proven that he can run complex financial operations. And what I'm looking for is somebody to obviously run the financial operation of ADI flawlessly, make sure that we integrate LTC flawlessly and as well work with myself and the leadership team here at ADI to look for areas of trapped value that we can unlock in the years ahead. So I think as well Prashanth will be -- he will be a great cultural fit for ADI. And so we're obviously very excited to have him come on board in the next few weeks. And I think we have a world-class CFO now coming on board and with a great future ahead of us that he would help us unlock. 
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess, a couple of questions. One, on the automotive side. I realize you guys are guiding for a seasonal recovery or improvement in the upcoming quarter. But given the improvement you're seeing in the powertrain side at Linear, which is a legal part of the revenue, why do you think growth is not better than seasonal trends in the upcoming quarter on automotive? 
Ali Husain: Yes. Amit, I would just point out all we can tell you is what we see in our order book and the order book supports the kind of guidance that we provided.
 Did you have a follow-up? 
Amit Daryanani: I do. I guess, just on the gross margin side, you guys had really impressive upside on gross margins this quarter in July, but as I look at October, you guys are kind of guiding flat gross margins despite revenues improving and the potential of Linear benefit. So beyond mix, I guess, what are the headwinds that might be there for gross margins in October? 
Ali Husain: Yes. So I think Vince mentioned it in his prepared remarks. We expect our growth in the fourth quarter to be led by the automotive and consumer markets. And those 2 markets tend to carry, again, very good gross margins, but they're slightly dilutive to the overall company. And so as a result, actually I think the great result that we can keep gross margin stable next quarter despite the mix or the anticipated mix. And the way we're going to do that is to realize more of the cost synergies like we talked about before.
 All righty. Thanks, Amit.
 Okay. So everybody, thanks for joining us this morning. A copy of this transcript will be available on our website and all available reconciliations and additional information can also be found on the Quarterly Results section of our Investor Relations site at investor.analog.com.
 So thank you very much for dialing in and have a great Labor Day, everybody. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-05-30 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Ali Husain, Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Ali Husain: All right, good morning, and thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining the Analog Devices Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. 
 So let's get through our disclosures. Note the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q.
 These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 Our commentary about ADI's second quarter financial results are adjusted for special items. When comparing our second quarter results to our historical performance, special items are also adjusted in the prior quarter and year-over-year results. 
 Available reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures and additional information about our non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release and on our web schedules, which we've posted under the quarterly results section at investor.analog.com.
 As many of you know, we've completed the Linear Tech acquisition about halfway through our fiscal second quarter. And so we've included reconciliations in our Investor page that provide a greater level of detail into our stand-alone and combined results for the quarter. But at a high level, I'll say that Linear contributed $208 million to our non-GAAP second quarter revenue. This number includes $60 million of purchase accounting adjustments that were made for U.S. GAAP purposes and relate to Linear Tech inventory that was in the distribution channel in North America and Japan when we closed the acquisition.
 At the end of the second quarter, there remains an additional $30 million of Linear inventory in the distribution channel, which we expect will be sold in its entirety in the third quarter. We've included this adjustment in our non-GAAP revenue expectations for the third quarter and no such adjustments are anticipated starting in the fourth quarter. And then the last point I'll make, and it's information you should be mindful of, is that the first quarter of our fiscal 2018 will be a 14-week quarter.
 Okay. So with all that behind us, about to get the show on the road. I'll turn it over to ADI CEO Vincent Roche. Vince's comments on the second quarter are for stand-alone ADI unless he specifies otherwise. And our business outlook for the third fiscal quarter relates to the combined company.
 Okay. Vince, all yours. 
Vincent Roche: Thank you very much, Ali. Good morning, everyone. 
 Well, it's been a very busy period for ADI, and I'm pleased to share our results with you. Not only were our second quarter financial results stellar, but we completed the acquisition of Linear Tech in March, and our integration work is going very well.
 So let's start with our financial results for the second quarter. ADI's stand-alone revenue came in at $1 billion, a 2% sequential increase and a 28% increase over the prior year. These results were above our revised guidance on broad-based strength, and we continue to see signs of a good business environment, particularly in the industrial market.
 Gross margins expanded to 67.6%, which was above the high end of our guidance and the combination of higher sales, higher gross margins and tight control over operating expenses helped expand operating margins to a robust 36% of sales.
 In addition free cash flow margins, as a combined company, were also strong at 39% of revenue in the second quarter. As Ali mentioned, Linear Tech was part of ADI for about half the quarter and contributed $208 million in sales on a non-GAAP basis. And we are looking forward to a full quarter's contribution in our third quarter.
 Now let me give you some details of our performance by end market during the quarter. Note that my remarks relate only to stand-alone ADI. The industrial market at 46% of sales grew 15% sequentially in the seasonally strong second quarter and continued its year-over-year growth trajectory, increasing 20% over the prior year. Sequential revenue growth was broad-based across all industrial sectors and indeed regions.
 While business conditions are certainly more positive than they were at this point last year, our success is also the result of smart R&D investments across diverse industrial applications within factory automation, instrumentation, aerospace and defense, and health care.
 Over several decades, ADI has carved out a leadership position in high performance signal processing, serving our tens of thousands of industrial customers where applications demand the highest levels of performance both in terms of signal chain and in terms of power optimization.
 In the near term, our industrial customers are excited to gain access to the highly complementary portfolios of ADI and Linear Tech and are even more excited at the future value-creation opportunities made possible by our combination. The automotive market represented 15% of our sales in the second quarter and grew 8% sequentially and 9% over the prior year. Both sequential and year-over-year growth was broad-based across all automotive application areas and was strongest in safety and ADAS applications, while powertrain revenue increased but at a slower pace. We supply thousands of products into dozens of automotive subapplications and are gaining more dollar content as we further automate and electrify. The combination with LT dramatically strengthens our technology offerings in this market and expands additional dollar content opportunities across our very complementary customer base. 
 The communications infrastructure market, at 18% of sales, grew 5% sequentially and 4% over the prior year. Sequential revenue growth in this market was led by wireless infrastructure applications where we're making very good progress with our RF and microwave and high-speed signal processing and integrated transceiver solutions. 
 While we are, of course, only in the very early stages of 5G cellular infrastructure deployment, we believe that our optimized radio signal processing and power management solutions will be a very key driver of growth as channel counts increase and customers move to phased array antennas to make the most efficient use of available spectrum with the highest reliability and performance.
 Of course, the wireless infrastructure market is one where Linear largely didn't play, and thus, this market represents an opportunity to drive revenue synergies in the medium term.
 On a year-over-year basis, communications infrastructure growth was led by the wireline sector where ADI's customers are benefiting from our precision clocking, timing and control technologies in 100 gig and beyond optical networking applications. 
 And finally, consumer market revenues at 21% of sales decreased 24% sequentially as prosumer applications revenue increased and portable applications revenue came in better than planned. Compared to the prior year, both prosumer and portable applications revenue increased.
 So while our combined financial results were excellent, our near and long-term outlooks are equally bright. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Linear Tech, creating the high-performance analog market leader.
 As we said from the beginning, we're taking a best-of-both approach, combining the best from ADI and LTC to come up with a new operating system to drive long-term profitable growth for our combined company, and I'm very pleased with the progress we've already made. We're optimizing processes across our selling, new product development, manufacturing and operations activities.
 On the sales side, the integration of our 2 sales forces has brought with it a tremendous degree of excitement, and we've already identified many sales synergy opportunities. On the engineering side, our teams have come together at remarkable speed and have begun identifying product road map combinations that we expect, over the long term, will accelerate our growth. On the manufacturing side, our teams have been focused on ensuring that we meet the upside demand and continue to deliver the highest quality products to our customers.
 Overall our $150 million cost synergy target within 18 months of the acquisition is firmly on track. To give you some background, during the integration planning phase, the vast majority of actions needed to realize the synergy target were identified. And while many of the related actions have already been taken, we're only in the early stages of seeing the benefits of those synergies in our P&L.
 In addition, we expect non-GAAP EPS accretion in our first full quarter as a combined company to be 15%, and we expect earnings accretion to accelerate into fiscal 2018 as we begin to more fully realize the synergies from the transaction.
 So with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ali for details of our financial performance in the second quarter. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Vince. Good morning, everybody. 
 Since the acquisition of Linear Tech occurred about halfway through our second quarter, Linear Tech's contributions to ADI's results were limited to approximately 7 weeks, and my prepared remarks will exclude Linear's results and other special items unless I specify otherwise. Note that a schedule reconciling our stand-alone and combined performance can be found on our Investor page at investor.analog.com and a reconciliation of our combined GAAP performance to our combined non-GAAP performance can be found in schedules E and F of today's earnings release.
 So revenue in the second quarter increased to $1 billion, growing 2% sequentially and 28% over the prior year and was above our revised guidance. Sequential revenue growth was led by our B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure, which, in the aggregate, grew 11% sequentially and, importantly, 14% over the prior year. Gross margins in the second quarter were 67.6%, up 150 basis points from the 66.1% we achieved in the prior quarter, primarily the result of higher utilization rates.
 Days of inventory increased 3 days to 104 days and dollars of inventory increased $12 million sequentially as we increased production to match strong demand. Deferred revenue for shipments into distribution increased 6% sequentially and weeks of inventory in distribution were at 7 weeks, which was consistent with the prior quarter.
 Operating expense of $318 million increased 4% sequentially due to the natural lift from higher activity in the second quarter as compared to the first and higher variable compensation in the second quarter as our bonus program responded to better year-over-year revenue growth and operating profit in the quarter. As a result, operating margins of 36% of sales expanded 500 basis points compared to the prior year on strong revenue growth, higher gross margins and prudent expense management by the team.
 So now for P&L line items below the operating margin line, I'll talk to results on a combined company basis, excluding special items, outlined in today's release. Other expense in the second quarter was $59 million, the result of a partial quarter with the financing related to the Linear Tech acquisition in place. We expect our net interest expense to be approximately $70 million in the third quarter and approximately $60 million per quarter thereafter.
 Our second quarter non-GAAP tax rate was approximately 10%, and that's the rate we expect for the remaining 2 quarters of the year. We are also planning for a non-GAAP tax rate in 2018 to be approximately 15%, so note that'll be higher than the 10% rate this year.
 Our diluted share count increased in the quarter due to the equity consideration related to the acquisition. Since this is a weighted average calculation, the diluted share count in 2Q increased to 346 million shares, and we expect diluted share count in the third quarter, which will be our first full quarter as a combined company, to be approximately 375 million shares. Excluding special items, diluted earnings per share in the second quarter of 2017 was $1.03.
 The second quarter was also a very strong free cash flow quarter. As a combined company, we generated $475 million in free cash flow in the second quarter. And for the reported trailing 12 months, the combined company has generated $1.9 billion of free cash flow, which translates to free cash flow margins of 37%. 
 Now this level of free cash flow generation is noteworthy for several reasons. First, it reflects the strength of our business model and our brand. Second, it means that our EBITDA generation was also very strong. And this means that we're better positioned from a leverage ratio standpoint at the current time than we had communicated to you earlier. So as a result, our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio based on reported combined company results is, in fact, approximately 3x, which is significantly lower than the 3.8x net debt to EBITDA number that we'd estimated when we announced the deal.
 So moving to capital additions, which in the second quarter were $47 million for the combined company and are planned to be in the range of $200 million to $220 million for the year here in 2017. During the quarter, we also paid $139 million in dividends, and earlier this week, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.45 per outstanding share of common stock payable on June 20 to shareholders of record at the close of business on June 9. And that represents an annual dividend payment to shareholders of $1.80 per share.
 Okay. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Vince for our outlook for the third quarter of 2017, which again is on a combined company basis and excludes special items outlined in today's release. 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Ali. After a strong second quarter performance, we're planning for a continued sequential and year-over-year revenue growth in the third quarter and for revenue to be in the range of $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion. By end market, we're planning for continued sequential revenue growth in industrial and for the communications end market to remain stable to the prior quarter.
 In automotive, we anticipate that seasonal trends will prevail, which would suggest a mid-single digit sequential decline in the third quarter. In the consumer market, we're planning for modest sequential revenue growth in the third quarter.
 We expect gross margins to be between 69% and 70% as we keep utilization levels stable to their second quarter rates and benefit from higher industrial revenue mix. We estimate that operating expenses will be between $430 million and $440 million. Notably this translates into an operating margin range of 38% to 40% in the third quarter. Based on these estimates and excluding special items, diluted earnings per share are planned to be in the range of $1.07 to $1.21.
 While we continue to see good business conditions, we're always pragmatic and cautious in how we manage our business and in how we convert our precious resources into free cash flow. On this point, with the combination complete, ADI's free cash flow margin now ranks within the top 5% of the S&P 500. 
 At our Investor Day on June 20, we'll outline our plan to drive the long-term profitable growth for ADI, leveraging the customer value-creation capabilities of our innovation and business diversity and our focus on best-in-class operational efficiencies to continue to drive our free cash flow to even higher levels.
 So with that, we're ready now to take your questions. 
Ali Husain: All right. Thanks, Vince. So before we get to the Q&A session, just a couple of quick housekeeping items for me. So note that we'll be hosting an Investor Day on June 20. It's accessible via live webcast. I invite you all to tune in on June 20 to hear more about our long-term strategy and the new financial model for the company.
 And so let's get to the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]. So operator, can we have our first question, please? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I had a medium-term question, Ali, and maybe you could answer that. And then I had a longer-term follow-up for Vince. So for the medium term, could you please help us frame the consumer business, how -- and when I say medium term, I'm thinking how should we be thinking about this over the next 6 to 18 months? And then I had a follow-up for Vince. 
Ali Husain: Okay. Sure, thanks, Ambrish. Look, I guess, what I would tell you is our strategy in consumer is no different than our strategy in any of our markets. We focus on very tough problems that our customers have. We work to solve those for them. We try and create as much value as possible for our customers. And in turn, that tends to generate a lot of free cash flow for ADI. I'd say the only difference in consumer, relative to our other markets, is that the product life cycles tend to be a little bit shorter. But apart from that, I'd say the strategy at ADI is very, very consistent across all of our markets. Now you've seen that strategy play out over the last couple years. We've grown our consumer business nicely. It's generated a lot of free cash flow for the company. We've diversified our position in consumer both at our large customer. We've diversified our position across many other customers and into new vectors of growth that we think will drive consumer free cash flow and revenue growth over the long term. All that being said, you know as well as I do that the consumer market tends to have shorter life cycles. And so as a result, you can have periods of time where you've got some older designs that are rolling off and there's a bit of a pause between that happening and newer designs rolling on. My sense is that we're likely in one of those periods at the current time. I expect as a result, our mix of B2B markets to expand as a percentage of our revenue as we get into the back half of 2017. And I'd expect that to continue into 2018 as well. I guess the only other point I would make is, just to provide a little bit more context, Ambrish, is the -- each -- we manage a very complex mix of portfolios and businesses at ADI. Each one of them have different life cycles. Each one of them have different revenue growth profiles. Each one of them have different profitability profiles. But what I would tell you is as long as ADI is focusing on very tough problems to solve for customers, and we can drive a lot of free cash flow and, frankly, if we're meeting our hurdle rates, and we can drive really good long-term profitable growth and free cash flow, we'll play. Because ultimately that's the measure. Vince mentioned it in the prepared remarks, we're now a top 5% S&P 500 free cash flow generator. And our goal is to drive that even higher from here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: First clarification, in terms of the revenue guide, was that combined or did that exclude old Linear? And then, I guess, as my main question, just a follow-up on Ambrish's question around consumer. Is that a business looking into calendar '17 and '18 that can grow given that you have brought on diversification increase to customer? Or is that something that we should be thinking about declining over the next 1, 2 years? 
Ali Husain: Okay. So I think that was your first question and a follow-up. So I think on the revenue side, we provided combined company guidance for both companies. And the range is $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion. That would imply a midpoint of $1.41 billion. And I guess, if you were just to think about how that flows by end markets, C.J., we expect -- the industrial market again had a very good second quarter. We expect that strength to continue into the third quarter. As a result, we're expecting industrial to grow somewhere in the low to mid-single digits sequentially in the third quarter, which again would be better than seasonal. Automotive, we're expecting a pretty seasonal quarter. So as a result, that would decline kind of in the mid-single digits sequentially. Communications is implied to be relatively stable. And on the consumer side, we are expecting modest sequential growth relative to the second quarter. And Vince, did you want to take the question about consumer implied growth in 2017 and 2018? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think, as Ali said, we experienced fundamentally shorter life cycles in the consumer market. And we've been working very, very hard over the last couple of years to diversify our product base and our customer base and the application base within consumer, and we're making good progress at that. I think as we look into the third quarter, as Ali said, we're seeing modest sequential revenue growth but nonetheless below what we would consider to be seasonal norms. So we're probably in a slower growth environment in the consumer business for the near term here. 
Ali Husain: And I'd say, C.J., if I could just add 2 points. One is we do expect as a result, our B2B markets to expand as a percentage of total revenue. And I think as you look into 2018, the accretion from the Linear Tech deal is very strong here in the third quarter, about 15%. And given some of the synergies that we've talked about, we expect that EPS accretion to accelerate into 2018, and I think that would be a very strong result. 
Operator: Our next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: Given the stronger industrial demand pull and outlook for continued growth, just wondering if you guys are seeing any component tightness or lead time stretching out? I know a few of your peers have highlighted some tightness. I'm just -- it sounds like you guys still have more room to grow on utilizations but wanted to get your views on the supply side situation. 
Ali Husain: Yes, on the supply side -- no, thanks. Good question, Harlan, one that we obviously think about a lot as well. But I would tell you, our -- we're delivering the vast majority of our products within our stated lead times of 4 to 6 weeks. That frankly hasn't changed all that much over the last several quarters. I guess, what I would tell you is, at ADI, we're very focused on providing the highest levels of customer service and support, and part of that service and support model is to deliver products when we tell our customers that we're going to deliver them. And so we tend to keep our lead times pretty short, 4 to 6 weeks delivering the vast majority of our products within those stated lead times. And I guess I would also tell you that we are carrying 3.5 months worth of inventory in our balance sheet, which I think is a fair amount of inventory to help supply our customers with the products. The only one other point I perhaps make on this front is that if you recall back in 2016, we did bring our utilization rates down pretty hard. And the reason we did that is we wanted to manage our DSI, or days of inventory, down. And we managed the impact on gross margins by making permanent improvements in our cost structure. And I think as you now look out to 2017 and 2018, I think what investors should expect from ADI is a nice benefit on the drop-throughs. Because as we're building the inventory, the drop-throughs are certainly better. But I guess, just coming back to your earlier point on the lead times, vast majority delivered within 4 to 6 weeks, and we're keeping up high levels of service to our customers. Did you have a follow-up? 
Harlan Sur: No, I'm good. 
Ali Husain: Okay. 
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: Question for Vince. I just want to follow up on your comments around automotive with Linear Tech. And more specifically, can you talk about how expansive your opportunity set is? If there's any examples of things that you think they will help you expand the content within automotive? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So automotive for us is a story of continuing content gain here for both LTC and for ADI. So we see it as a key growth market for the combined companies. So I think we've talked before about ADI having great strength in emerging applications like, for example, 77 gigahertz radar -- LIDAR, infotainment with our A2B technology, for example, bringing new technologies into the powertrain, such as the rotational and linear sensing magnetic devices and, as the powertrain electrifies, being able to get our battery management technologies in there as well. So I think both LTC and ADI have a lot of complementary capability, for example, to the ADI signal chains that I've just talked about here, we're adding LTC power management capability. And the outcome of that is we can architect an optimized solution for each of the subapplications here for the automotive customers. And the -- there's great complementarity between the signal chain and the power chain. So I think that's looking very, very good. And also, there's a lot of new power management things that we're looking at independent of signal chains that LT will be instrumental in helping us nail down over the coming few years. So as I said, there's a tremendous amount of benefit in coupling power management with the signal chain. And every single application in which we play within the transportation automotive sector requires both signal chain and power management. So -- and what I'm seeing so far is a tremendous level of collaboration between the applications teams, the design teams in really grabbing the opportunities here with both hands. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Craig, did you have a follow-up? 
Craig Hettenbach: Yes, I guess, just a brief one, just on the integration. Good to hear that it's on track and kind of good start out of the gate. Just any comments in terms of culture, key people and any kind of milestones we should be aware of? 
Vincent Roche: Well, we've known that LT is a very, very high-quality company. And I've been obviously hands-on involved in the integration of the 2 companies. I'm very, very impressed by the quality of the people throughout LT, and I'm also very impressed with just how fast both companies are coming together to create something better than the sum of the parts. So right now, we're laser-focused on leveraging the combined strengths of both companies to generate this long-term profitable growth possibility that we know is there. And we are taking our time to really figure out -- and we're being been very, very patient at figuring out how to combine the leadership -- we've combined the leadership teams, but we're being very patient in trying to figure out what the best of both really means here. So I think to answer your question very directly here, Craig, we're culturally I think in good shape. Our values, as I've talked about many times before, the values around technology and business and customer are very, very similar. And in creating this best of both, we're actually leveraging the differences in the way the operating routines of both companies -- to draw from, to create something greater than the sum of the parts. So we're focused, as I said, on delighting our customers, ensuring that we're capturing the upside demand here. And I think overall, the -- once the values are compatible, as I said, I'm using the cultural differences to create something greater than the sum of the parts. And the LT leadership is playing a key role. I've got 2 members of the senior LTC staff on my staff. And the LT leaders are contributing to this new company multiple levels down at this point in time. 
Operator: And our next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ali Husain: You're back. Good. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I had my follow-up keyed up. For some reason, I got dropped off. I wanted to get back to the capital allocation and the free cash flow. It seems like the free cash flow generating ability might be higher than at least what our models were suggesting. So could you please remind us just in terms of capital allocation and the timing for the paydown? Obviously, the leverage ratio was lower than what you had communicated and what it was at the deal close. So any light on that would be very helpful. 
Ali Husain: Okay, fair enough. I'll leave the key takeaway for next month when we present to you at the Analyst Day because I think we want to save a little bit of dry powder for that. But what I would tell you is, since we announced the acquisition, there's a couple of things. One is, we set out this target of 3.8x net debt to EBITDA. And in typical ADI fashion, we put out targets, and we execute extremely aggressively against those targets. And part of just coming out at a lower leverage ratio is just a function of the mindset at ADIs. We execute extremely aggressively against the targets that we lay out. Part of it is, look, business conditions have been better, and as a result, we've generated more cash flow. And part of it frankly is just having a laser focus on operational efficiencies. And so that's driven a lot of good cash flow as well. The good news, I guess, from a leverage perspective as we've talked about is we're certainly well ahead of schedule in terms of the deleveraging plan. The bogey we're shooting for is 2x net debt-to-EBITDA, and I'd say we're probably ahead of schedule in trying to hit that number. Once we get to that number, I think we've been pretty public in terms of saying, look, we're going to turn the share buyback program back on. In the meanwhile, the dividend remains a cornerstone of our capital allocation strategy. And then the only other last point I'd make is -- and again this kind of supports the notion that we're ahead of schedule is, after the quarter ended, we did pay $200 million down on the $5 billion term loan balance. So I think we're certainly ahead of schedule and in very good shape on that front. 
Operator: Your next question is from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: So the industrial market is growing very strongly. I believe you mentioned 20% year-over-year. How much of that is the market coming back versus perhaps more electronic content or even some share gains? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, thanks, Tore. I think it's true to say that, first off, we're recovering from a relatively weak environment in the prior year. So the compare is kind of easy from that perspective. From everything that we can tell right now, the growth is broad-based across all the industrial sectors and, in fact, across all the geographies as well. And I think that's just a function of the better business environment versus last year overall. And if you -- just paying attention to our own customers as well, they're all guiding for low to high single-digit growth in 2017. As a company, several years ago, we made a strategic pivot in terms of where we placed our R&D, putting more into B2B applications. And industrial has been a great beneficiary of that. So I think just given the cycles in the industrial sector, in general, we're beginning to see some of those products really contribute in a meaningful way across factory and process automation, aerospace and defense, the instrumentation ATE business. And so I think the business environment is overall better, but we're also doing better in terms of grabbing share through the effects of our new product investments over the last several years. 
Ali Husain: Did you have a follow-up? 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. Vince, you also mentioned earlier that you plan to leverage Linear Technology into the wireless infrastructure market. I was just hoping you could elaborate just a little bit more on that because, certainly, that's a market that's been weaker the last few years. But assume with 5G coming on, your plan is to leverage both entities to participate in that market. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Tore. Well, we're-- as ADI organic, we've been doing better and better in terms of building solutions for our customers from antenna right down to bits, leveraging the strength of ADI and Hittite combined. And we know that as customers put greater and greater pressure on for more integration, to be able to solve the noise problems more effectively in these radio systems, that power management is going to be a great help to us. And already, I think in the shorter term, we're being actively engaged in discussions to use existing products with ADI solutions, for example, in the transceiver space, in 5G systems, leveraging LT's power technology. And that's only the beginning because, over the coming generations, when we can start to architect the radio solutions now with the new advances in power management technology that LT has been making, I think we can have several generations here of success in both the wired and the wireless business in the years ahead. And there's no doubt there's tremendous symbiosis between the signal chain technologies that ADI has been so strong in over the years with the power technologies that LT now brings to the table. So the conversations with our customers are very active and -- with existing products, and we're now plotting the next new architectures based on the combination of the 2 companies. 
Operator: Your next question is from William Stein with SunTrust. 
William Stein: I'm hoping you can expand on something you touched on earlier, the cultural differences, however, maybe they're not as great as some people perceive. But I think one of them is that Linear was known for having an intense focus on gross profit margin and perhaps that limited that business' revenue growth, and I think ADI has a more growthy sort of outlook. So I'm wondering if you can sort of highlight any initial opportunities to expand the growth rate on the Linear business. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question. It's true that both companies have had very, very strong focus on gross margin. I think it's a great kind of proxy for the quality of the innovation that you're developing, the price you can command and, ultimately, the gross margins that you can get. So what I will say is that ADI has probably just -- given our buying power and our operational focus, we have combined now with LT, we've got more buying power. So we can be more flexible in terms of taking some market share with products already available without sacrificing the margins, just given the signings of the so-called bill of materials that we're now sourcing across both companies. So we don't intend to drop our standards, but we do intend to be aggressive in terms of leveraging all the available products and technologies that we have to grow our business profitably. I think that's the way to think about it. 
Ali Husain: And did you have a follow-up, Will? 
William Stein: I did. One of the issues with the integration that's always important in any of these transactions is ERP, and by the disclosure around end markets that sort of lumps the Linear Tech revenue in its own category, maybe a sign that perhaps that's going to take a bit of time to reflect their revenue across your end markets. Any guidance or commentary as to when we should see that disclosed sort of on a combined basis? And just, in general, the update on that aspect of the integration? 
Ali Husain: Yes, fair enough. I can take part of that. Look, from an ERP's perspective, and frankly from an integration perspective, we're generally keeping Linear Tech on a stand-alone basis for the first year. And then we'll converge. With regards specifically to the end market question, we actually have the data. I just didn't feel like it was that meaningful for a stub quarter, and I can certainly talk to it right now on the call. But you should expect from ADI next quarter that we have all of the disclosures by end market mapped out, and that's absolutely no issue to do. What I would tell you in the quarter, had Linear been part of ADI for a full quarter, they would have seen their industrial business grow, and they would have seen their automotive business decrease sequentially given their exposure to the powertrain market, specifically in transportation in China, which has been a weaker market. But the good news there, I'd say well is that, that market is actually pretty stable right now and that gives us a fair amount of confidence guiding into the third quarter that automotive will be pretty seasonal. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. 
Christopher Danely: Now that Linear is kind of lumped into the mix, how -- if you could, frame the October quarter for the combined company just in terms of where combined OpEx could go? Could it go down again? And then also what should we expect for seasonality for revenue for the combined company for the October quarter? 
Ali Husain: Yes, okay, so let me try and parse that out a little bit, and maybe Vince can help me as well. But look, from a -- Chris, we have absolutely no visibility into the fourth quarter, the October quarter at this stage. So in the absence of any orders, all I can rely on is what seasonal trends tend to do, and seasonally speaking, industrial tends to be a little weaker in the fourth quarter. Automotive generally increases. Communications is always a wildcard, just frankly, depending on how the builds and the deployments are going. And then consumer generally has a pretty good growth quarter sequentially because you start to see more of the builds taking place. So that's all I can tell you today with absolutely 0 visibility into the fourth quarter. What I would tell you on the OpEx side, and actually, it's a fair point, is on a stand-alone basis this quarter, ADI had OpEx of $318 million. Linear Tech contributed $62 million in the quarter. I guess, I'd caution you on that number. One is, obviously it's a stub period, and so it's a partial quarter. And number two, there were public company costs that did come out of that number, which we've always talked about public company costs being somewhere in the range of $15 million to $20 million annually. And so the quarterly run rate that we've guided to for operating expenses in the third quarter of $430 million to $440 million already includes those synergies embedded. Now to your other point, there are more synergies on the come. We'll start to see some of them. It'll be very back-end loaded, though, Chris, in the third quarter, but you'll start to see more of them play out in the fourth quarter. And I'd expect them to be then pretty linear back into the fourth quarter of 2018. If you recall, we've always talked about $100 million of OpEx synergies and achieving that run rate by the fourth quarter of 2018. I guess, what I'm saying is $20 million of that is now baked into the third quarter run rate number, and there's still another $80 million to come, again on an annualized number, as we go into the fourth quarter of 2018. 
Christopher Danely: Great. Do I get a follow-up? 
Ali Husain: Of course. 
Christopher Danely: Any update on the CFO -- new CFO? 
Vincent Roche: Well, let me tell you, Chris, we've -- obviously, we've retained the search firm. And what I can tell you is that we're making excellent progress right now. My expectation is that we'll have a replacement named by the end of the fiscal year at the latest. But I'm quite optimistic that we'll be able to announce something quite well before then. So in the interim, I'm taking a very hands-on approach with the integration of LT. And I'm also relying -- we've a terrific bench of people at ADI across all the facets of the management of the finance function of ADI. So we can -- we're very, very well positioned to ensure that we hit our targets in terms of the ongoing operation as well as the synergies. So synergies are on track, and we'll update you on where we are at the Investor Day in the latter part of June here. 
Operator: Your next question is from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess, just a question on the Linear side. You've had this under your belt for a few months now. So I'm curious when it comes to revenue synergies, where are you guys more focused on to drive revenue synergies because I would imagine consumer might be the easiest place to get it or the quickest place to get it but perhaps not the most ideal one for you. So how do you think about the end markets and revenue synergies as you go forward? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, well, I think as we've talked about earlier on, the various markets all have different cycles in terms of uptake, design cycles and adoption cycles. But I think obviously every sector in which we play, including consumer, has an opportunity for ADI to draw Linear Technology power management for additional revenue opportunity and growth. I would say in the -- it's the medium term to see the effect anyway of leveraging existing products and getting any meaningful revenue growth from those products, it's probably a 2- to 3-year proposition as we've experienced as well with Hittite. But I think the areas that we will see meaningful growth in the medium term here will be automotive, for sure. I think the communications sector will see a good uptick in the medium term. Very judiciously, as well, we're looking at some consumer opportunities. So obviously, those hit probably sooner than any other sector of the portfolio we manage. And I think industrial is 3 years plus from here. So I think that's the way to think about the adoption of existing products and new sockets and the effect that we should see on revenue growth here. 
Ali Husain: Did you have a follow-up? 
Amit Daryanani: Got it. I do, sir. I guess your consumer guide for July, modest sequential growth. I think last couple years, it's been triple digit-ish kind of number in the July quarter. The delta, do you think it's due later product launch in that segment or a change in the content that you guys have or maybe the OEMs will have more comfort around your ability to ram these products, so they're asking you to do it a little bit later? But it seems to be a fairly big delta versus what you've seen the last [ 2 ] years at least. Perhaps help explain what's driving that? 
Ali Husain: So I guess, I'll take that. I think we answered the question earlier in the call. I think this is definitely something that is, I'd say, more related to ADI. And we just have our content in various products are very much SKU dependent, and we just think we'll have a different kind of a mix this year relative to previous years. But I'd say as we progress into 2018, my expectation is that our B2B mix -- our B2B markets expand as a percentage of total revenue as a result. 
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: Congratulations on your execution as you get started in the new era with Linear Tech. My question is regarding the synergies for the combined company. It's clear, Vincent, that the company's quite happy with the way the early combined work is going. The question is, does the progress on synergies thus far cause you to think differently about the linearity with which you expect to realize the $150 million in cost gains from the 2 companies? 
Vincent Roche: No. I think when we've talked about synergies, we've been very clear that we've acquired LT for all its capabilities in terms of technology and customer management, channel management, operations and so on, to drive revenue synergy over the long term. But -- no, I think as I said in the prepared remarks, I'm very pleased with the progress that we're making. We've -- we had actually executed a lot of the decisions on the $150 million of synergies in advance of combining the companies. And the synergies are well identified and the actions are in place to get the synergies executed. So my sense is it'll take us, during the coming year, to really see the effects of the synergies in our P&L from a cost perspective. And a little bit longer than that, I think, as I've just been talking about to get the synergies from the cross-selling opportunities. 
Ali Husain: Great, Craig. Another follow-up? 
Craig Ellis: Yes, thanks for that, Ali. And I'll follow-up on end market communications. Vincent, I think you've mentioned 5G a couple times. And it seems like relative to 4G, the bigger picture is that, that seems to be more on track or maybe pulling in a little bit earlier versus what we had seen with some of the prior interface changes. But with regard to that opportunity, when would ADI expect 5G-related infrastructure revenues to start to become a material part of its communications segment? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think your point is well taken. I think originally, when we began talking about 5G, we were talking about it being a facet of our business in kind of 2020-plus. It now seems that we're obviously in trials right now with 5G, all the major application areas, all the major customers globally. So my own sense is that we'll begin to see, I think, a meaningful ramp in revenue in the 2019 kind of area. Maybe it's a little sooner. Maybe it's a little later, but that's my sense at this point in time that there's an aggressive pull-in at the carrier level as well as the OEMs to make faster progress in deploying 5G. 
Operator: Your next question is from Tristan Gerra with Baird. 
Tristan Gerra: You had mentioned that you recently that you've seen the small cell business finally picking up. What's your market share in that business, which I'm assuming has been fairly small, and what type of growth are we looking? And what type of revenue contribution could we get, let's say, in the next 12 to 18 months? 
Ali Husain: Tristan, let me try and take a crack at that. I'm sure Vince would be much more eloquent than I could ever be. But in any event, I'd say on the small cell side, it's been a relatively small contributor to our growth. I guess, what we're particularly proud of are our integrated transceiver solutions that are picking up content both on macro base stations and in small cell base stations. So to be perfectly candid with you, we are pretty agnostic as to where these platforms end up. What is really important for ADI is the channel count. And so as long as you got more and more things that are connecting up, we tend to do extremely well when that happens. And so that could be a small cell. That could be a macro base station. But we're doing extremely well in the marketplace. We had another record quarter on top of a record quarter in the prior quarter in our integrated transceiver solutions that are just sucking up a lot of bill of materials and allowing us to gain share in this market. So interestingly, you saw our results this quarter. And again, it speaks to the diversity of our communications infrastructure market and our business. But our sequential revenue growth was led by wireless infrastructure, and our year-over-year growth was led by wireline infrastructure. So you can see the diversity there. The other point I'd make is with the addition of Linear Tech, our communications infrastructure business is more diversified than ever. In the past, about 2/3 of our calls business was wireless. At the current time, it's more like 50-50. So I think we have the full suite of technology, and we're pretty agnostic as to form factor. We've got the products, and I think really it's a question of, as the market percolates, we're going to do extremely well. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think just to add a little bit of color to what Ali has said, small cell is still a small activity from a market perspective. We're very, very well positioned. And I think it will start to accelerate somewhat during the course of the next 12 to 18 months and become a more meaningful part of the overall wireless story in communications infrastructure. 
Ali Husain: See you answered it better than I would. Tristan, do you have a follow-up? 
Tristan Gerra: Yes, if I could. And thanks for the very useful answer. It looks like your Hittite business has grown fairly significantly since the close. Could you provide some color on what's been driving that growth? Has it been share gain, new products or just distribution synergies? And the question really relates to how should we look at Linear Tech in terms of the experience that you've gained with Hittite and the revenue growth achievement that you've done with Hittite? 
Vincent Roche: Okay. Let me try and unpack. There were a couple of key questions there. I think, with Hittite, we knew that the technology was very, very strong. And ADI -- one of the big synergies we got from acquiring Hittite was just the channel reach -- the customer reach and the channel reach that ADI had that Hittite didn't have, so we've been able to leverage that to tremendous effect. We knew that the portfolio of products was very, very strong, so that's been a huge help to us. Obviously, we've been able to architect. We've been together now almost 3 years, and we've been able to architect some really new creative solutions in areas like aerospace and defense, phased array antenna, for example, these days, these new radar systems that are being deployed as radar systems digitize across the globe. Even in instrumentation, where a lot of the high-frequency systems require the combination of mix signal and microwave technology. Obviously, in the automotive sector where all these microwave technologies are being deployed, having the combination of ADI and Hittite there has been really, really powerful. So I think it's -- it was a case of a lot of products that needed a new channel and a lot of re-architecting of customer systems based upon ADI's signal processing mix signal strength and Hittite's Microwave strength. So what was the second part of that question? 
Ali Husain: How would you leverage that to Linear? 
Vincent Roche: So, leverage to Linear. I think the approach we have on the best of both was also true with Hittite. We tried to figure out how to be patient, understand the world-class capabilities that Hittite had in terms of people and technology. And we've taken the very same approach with LTC. LTC is obviously a world-class company as well. So just being patient, listening to create something greater than the sum of the parts, build a whole new operating system across the company for speed and simplification. That's what we did with Hittite, and that's what we're doing with LTC times 5. 
Ali Husain: Thanks for the question. And we're zooming into the 11:00 hour here, so we're going to do our best to get to everybody. In case we can't, feel free to call our Investor Relations phone at (781) 461-3282. So we'll continue until 11. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: You talked a bit about the trajectory of synergies on OpEx. But what about on the $50 million in COGS? Can you give us a feeling for how much of that, if any, is embedded in the Q3 guidance? Where might we see that by the end of the year? And should we expect a different trajectory of capturing those gross margin synergies versus what you're suggesting we should think about for the OpEx side? 
Ali Husain: Yes, I'd say on the gross margin side, we're very early in the process. I'd say those are all very much on the come. I wouldn't expect to see those in Q3 or Q4 this year. Did you have a follow-up? 
Stacy Rasgon: I did. On the OpEx or just on the cost synergies, in general, so it doesn't sound like you're quite ready to take the target up. But can you give us a feeling given how far you are in the planning phase and which areas have proved may be easier than you might have thought initially as well as more difficult? And if we were looking for potential upside, where do you think it might be easiest to squeeze more in? 
Vincent Roche: Well, clearly we've been able to reduce the public company cost of the combined company. That's one of the things that's been executed pretty much straightaway. I think we had talked before as well about an early retirement program that we had put in place at ADI, and we begin to see the benefits of that fettering in over the next couple of quarters. But the -- and obviously distribution channel optimization as well that we had talked about before, that will start to show benefits to us I think towards the back end of this year and the early part of the coming year. So they're just 3 or 4 examples of the things that we've already got in play that we'll start to see the benefit of. And all the other synergies are identified. And we've got the actions in place, and we're now just ready to realize them. 
Ali Husain: And Stacy, I would just add, we've talked about it before, but the EPS accretion in the third quarter is expected to be 15%. And I think if you start baking in some of these synergies into 2018, I think you get a number well north of that. So we look forward to updating you on the model and any potential updates on the synergy target next month at the analyst meeting. All right, I think we just hit the 11:00 hour. So listen, thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. A copy of this transcript will be available on our website and all available reconciliations and additional information can also be found on the quarterly results section of our Investor Relations site at investor.analog.com. So thank you again for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you -- many of you next month. Take care. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-02-14 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. 
 I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Ali Husain, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Ali Husain: Okay. Great. Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining the Analog Devices First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. You can find our press release, relating financial schedules and the CFO commentary at investor.analog.com.
 With me on today's call are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Dave Zinsner. So before we start, let's get through some disclosures. Please note the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives, outlook and the proposed acquisition of Linear Technology Corporation, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. 
 These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. With the exception of revenue, our commentary about ADI's first quarter financial results will exclude special items, which in the aggregate, totaled $85 million for the quarter. When comparing our first quarter results to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from the prior quarter and year-over-year results, and reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in Schedules E and F in today's earnings release, which we have posted at investor.analog.com. 
 So with that, let's get started, and I'll turn the call over to Vince. 
Vincent Roche: Thanks very much, Ali, and good morning, everyone. So by any measure, our January quarter results were stellar. Revenue of $984 million was well above the high end of our guidance, growing 28% over the prior year. And we have broad strength across all our markets. And we expanded operating margins over 700 basis points from the prior year to 35% of sales. 
 Earnings per share of $0.94 was up 68% from the prior year and $0.16 better than the high end of our guidance. Importantly, we have generated $1.2 billion in free cash flow over the past 12 months. So this was a terrific start for the fiscal year, and we continue to see momentum in our business and in our customer engagements. Our R&D efforts are squarely focused on the most exciting trends in the industrial, automotive, communications infrastructure, health care and consumer markets. 
 I'd like to give you just a few examples of where ADI's technology is making a real difference. So in the area of data converters, which are, in many ways, the backbone of our mixed-signal franchise, for example, where we're the market leader, we once again established new performance benchmarks with our next generation of high-speed ADCs and DACs that exploit 28-nanometer CMOS technology combined with proprietary architectures and algorithms. 
 By providing 4x improvement in critical high-dynamic range parameters, these converter platforms are enabling the next wave of gigahertz bandwidth, software-defined systems for 4G and 5G communications for test equipment and also in several aerospace and defense applications. 
 It's the radio or radar equivalent of going from watching television using the old bunny ears to watching high-definition TV. We can now give our customers the ability to see things that they did not know were even there, and this is a real game changer. In addition, our previously introduced high-speed signal-processing platforms achieved record revenue based on our integrated transceiver platforms, which helped our communications infrastructure customers and beyond efficiently address the challenges of accelerating global data consumption. These solutions are equally well-suited to and are increasingly finding their way into a diversity of applications in the industrial instrumentation, aerospace and defense and indeed, the automotive markets.
 In factory automation, our software-configurable input-output solutions are enabling our customers to create flexible and agile platforms that can be readily expanded and reconfigured to support more sensing and control channels on automated factory floors.
 In addition, in motor control and robotics applications, our measurement, control and isolation products are driving improvements in motor efficiency precision and reliability while maintaining the highest levels of safety and industrial robustness. 
 ADI's health care solutions span both B2B and consumer applications. On the B2B side, we're enabling higher channel counts and throughputs in high-performance imaging systems that lower our customers' overall cost per channel but importantly drive higher ADI content per system.
 And on the consumer side of health care, our vital signs monitoring technology is enabling highly accurate and ultralow power measurements of health -- critical health parameters, improving personal wellness and overall quality of life for the end consumer. Health care for ADI is now a high-growth business with its annualized growth rate running in the double digits. 
 In automotive, our 77-gigahertz RF CMOS radar solution offers a robust platform for ADAS on the autonomous driving, giving customers the ability to capture objects earlier, more reliably and with greater precision and over much longer distances. And our investments in cost-effective, high-performing, silicon-based LIDAR solutions are turbocharging our efforts in this area.
 These are the types of innovations that ADI is bringing to the market to better serve our customers' needs, and our industry and the market is taking notice indeed. In recognition of our overall innovation efforts, ADI received the 2017 IEEE Innovation Award and was once again selected by Thomson Reuters as one of the 100 most innovative companies in the world. It has been said that innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower, and ADI is very much at the cutting edge of innovation. This value forms the bedrock of our company's culture and belief system and is shared equally by Linear Technology.
 So with that, let me give you a brief update on the status of the proposed acquisition of LTC. Thus far, we have received 6 out of 7 regulatory approvals needed to close the transaction, and our integration planning teams have been hard at work to combine the best of both ADI and Linear Tech in order to present one face to the customer on day 1. 
 Also, I'm delighted that Bob Swanson, the Founder and Chief -- the Executive Chairman of Linear Tech, plans to join ADI's board after the deal closes. So we're all very excited about the combination of ADI and Linear Tech, which we believe will create an analog industry powerhouse that will accelerate innovation and revenue growth opportunities in our core markets of industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure markets, which indeed are the most lucrative markets in our industry. 
 The transaction is expected to be highly accretive to ADI's non-GAAP earnings per share and free cash flow. And it makes ADI the #1 or #2 player in all the major analog product categories, enabling us to solve our customers' analog system problems from end to end.
 So overall, this was a remarkable quarter across multiple dimensions, and we see the momentum continuing into the second quarter. 
 So with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ali for some more details on our performance by end market in the quarter just passed. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Vince. So just digging deeper in our results by end market, the industrial market was 41% of revenue. It increased 1% sequentially, which is really very strong in what's typically a much seasonal and slower first quarter compared to the fourth. We didn't really see much of a slowdown over the holidays, and I'd say January order rates were also very strong.
 Within the industrial business, industrial instrumentation applications outperformed our expectations, and I'll highlight the ATE market as one that was particularly strong. And also the factory automation sector within industrial had a very good quarter. 
 Compared to the prior year, the industrial market showed considerable strength. It grew 15%, and really was broad-based strength across all of the industrial sectors, so that's a very good result. 
 On the automotive side, the automotive market at 14% of sales was also better than seasonal. It decreased really only slightly from the prior quarter but grew a very strong 10% over the prior year, led by really content-rich applications such as infotainment, powertrain and ADAS. 
 On the communications infrastructure side, revenue there in that market was 18% of sales, again was also ahead of expectations, increased slightly sequentially and was up 4% over the prior year, led by optical networking.
 The consumer market was 27% of sales in the first quarter. It decreased 8% sequentially, which is much better than seasonality as we saw continued strength in portable consumer applications. And consumer more than doubled over the prior year in the first quarter. 
 So with that, I'll turn over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the first quarter and our guidance for next quarter. With the exception of revenue, Dave's comments on the P&L line items are on a non-GAAP basis. So Dave, it's all yours. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Ali. Fiscal 2017 starts out on solid footing, with ADI delivering very strong revenue, profitability, earnings per share and free cash flow. Revenue in the first quarter, as we mentioned, totaled $984 million, and diluted earnings per share was $0.94. Gross margin's at 66.1% or above our guidance on a better mix of business and higher revenues. 
 Inventory on a dollars basis decreased $11 million sequentially, and days of inventory were within our model range at 101 days, down from 105 days in the prior quarter. Utilization rates in the first quarter were in the high 60s, and we're planning to increase utilization to the mid-70s in the second quarter. Weeks of inventory and distribution were lean at approximately 7 weeks, which was consistent with the prior quarter. 
 During the quarter, we recorded a $49 million restructuring charge primarily related to a voluntary early retirement program for certain U.S. employees. Excluding this and other special items, operating expenses increased 7% sequentially, with the entirety of the increase tied to our variable compensation program, which is based on year-over-year revenue growth and operating margin metrics.
 Nevertheless, operating margins at 35% of sales expanded over 700 basis points compared to the prior year on strong revenue growth and prudent expense management by the team. Other expense in the first quarter was approximately $26 million, the result of a partial quarter with the permanent financing related to the Linear Tech acquisition in place. We expect our net interest expense to be approximately $30 million per quarter until we close the Linear Tech acquisition.
 Our first quarter tax rate was approximately 8%, which we expect will be our tax rate until we close again on the acquisition. Excluding special items, diluted earnings per share increased 68% over the prior year to $0.94, as I said.
 The first quarter was also a strong free cash flow quarter. We generated $286 million in free cash flow, which was an increase of 46% over the prior year. And over the past 12 months, ADI has grown free cash flow 20% to $1.2 billion or 34% of sales. Capital additions in the first quarter totaled $28 million, and we're planning for the capital additions in 2017 to be in the range of $130 million to $145 million.
 In line with our shareholder value-creation strategy, our Board of Directors approved a 7% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.45 per share, which represents an annual dividend increase to $180 per share -- I mean, $1.80 per share, sorry.
 Now turning to our outlook and expectations for the second quarter of 2017, which, with the exception of revenue expectations, is on a non-GAAP basis and excludes known special items that are outlined in today's release. After a record-setting first quarter revenue performance, which was also well above the high end of our guidance range, we're planning for the B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure in the aggregate to grow in the mid- to high digits sequentially in the second quarter and to increase in the high single digits over the prior year. 
 In consumer, we're expecting that normal seasonal patterns will prevail, and that this business will likely decrease between 40% and 50% sequentially. Nevertheless, we expect consumer to be up significantly over the prior year in the second quarter. 
 In the aggregate, we're planning for revenue in the second quarter to be in the range of $870 million to $950 million, which at the midpoint represents year-over-year revenue growth of 17% and would represent the fourth consecutive quarter of year-on-year revenue growth. Gross margins are expected to increase to be between approximately 66.5% and approximately 67% on higher utilization rates and a more favorable mix.
 We estimate that operating expenses will be down approximately 3% to up approximately 1% sequentially in the second quarter. Based on these estimates and excluding any special items, diluted earnings per share are planned to be in the range of $0.74 to $0.86, which at the midpoint, would represent very strong year-over-year earnings per share growth of about 25%. 
 So to wrap it up, the first quarter was a very good start to the year. We had a strong year-on-year revenue growth with quality earnings and cash generation, and we expect this momentum to continue into the second quarter. 
 So with that, we'll take any questions you have. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Dave. [Operator Instructions] So operator, it's all yours. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Relative to your initial guidance, the big upside in the Jan quarter came out of consumer. Just kind of curious, what changed throughout the quarter? Was this really just kind of a better mix with your large consumer customer where -- where that will give you larger -- or more content on a larger screen? And as you think about kind of the opportunity of that customer, how do we think about content going into the back half of this calendar year? 
David Zinsner: So I would say that, in general, with the consumer customer, sometimes, it's hard to totally predict kind of the weekly shipment level through the entire quarter. And so we make an estimate based on what we think will turn to the quarter plus what we come into the quarter with backlog. And there was -- there's varying degrees of -- or just varying scenarios, I would say, related to how that would go, and this was obviously the most optimistic scenario so it just turned out better. I would point out, though, that we didn't expect nearly the strength we saw in the B2B markets either, and so they contributed to the upside as well. So we're really happy that every end market did a bit better than expectations. So that was awesome. 
Vincent Roche: So just to add to what Dave has said there, John, we, as you know, have been working hard to diversify our position and decrease dependence on any single socket. And we have more content in these applications today than we had this time last year so that certainly helps as well. So we've got more ASP per system, and we continue on the track of diversifying to get more and more sockets in that area. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: It looks like you announced a new distribution agreement overnight. Could you maybe elaborate a little bit on that and maybe this is an opportunity to just talk about the strategy in this [ph] going forward. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So we've had a 3-decade relationship with distribution or maybe 25 years with the distribution channel in general. And what we're striving to do, Tore, fundamentally is we're trying to deepen the level of support -- and give a better breadth of service for our customers. We have many tens of thousands of customers. So the channel plays an important role, I think, in the broad breadth of logistics, services across the entire suite of customers and particularly with the smaller customers providing a lot of design service. So basically, we've decided to simplify the structure to enable us to bring the level of support that we desire. And we expect, basically, to be able to leverage the -- a more focused channel team that we've got and essentially draw on a more comprehensive suite of, in a more focused way, end-to-end support services that could range from design help, also prototyping, and of course, logistics support over the long term. So we're also -- we've been investing for all our customers, big and small, over the last several years by bringing on more direct resource and really understanding the role of the channel. So we're in a good place right now. And of course, when we combine with LTC, we will also have the opportunity to bring more field applications and sales resource to a broader breadth of customers. So overall, it's about -- it's part of our fundamental strategy, which is about innovation, diversity and operational efficiency, and the moves we're making here plays all 3 of those facets of our business model. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with Bank of Montreal. 
Ambrish Srivastava: Thanks for the update on Linear events. And Dave, last quarter, you had given us an update on the accretion on the tax rate. Now that you've spent quite a fair bit of time in rainy California, I was just wondering how should we think about the top line. And where I was going with this was, at CES, we had some early view on how a go-to-market would look like on a board with Linear and with ADI in an auto example. So question is really when should we be expecting it to show up and in what end market should it show up first? 
David Zinsner: Well, I would say we get more and more enthusiastic about the opportunities for combining technologies of Linear and ADI every time we meet together as a team. We have kind of loosely built in some expectation that we will get several hundred million dollars' worth of revenue synergies with the combined business. Some of that will take some time. I think a lot of it is going to be in areas where the design cycles and the time to revenue is quite long. So it might be out in the 2024, 2025 time frame where you really start to see us hit our stride. But within these first few years, we'll start to hit and see some revenue synergies. And I would point out that's kind of similar to the path we're on right now with Hittite. We're starting to see it trickle in a little bit in the early stages. We certainly have seen it build up in the opportunity pipeline for the subsequent years here. So we just get, I think every time we meet, more optimistic about what we can do as a company in terms of delivering technology. 
Vincent Roche: Most of the business of LT maybe combine this target at the core markets of B2B. So we see opportunity. I think at CES, you saw how ADAS, for example, combines the power technology of LTC with the mixed-signal technology and RF technology of ADI. But we have examples of that in the industrial automation, the instrumentation, the aerospace and defense. So basically, everywhere we play, including communications infrastructure where ADI is much stronger on the wireless side, LT is strong on the wired side, there's good symbiosis between the companies, particularly in the B2B space. And I think the first couple of years of the combination of ADI and LTC are really about how well together we take the pipeline of opportunity at unprecedented levels in terms of size at this point in time and convert that pipeline and service the heck out of our customers. 
David Zinsner: I will -- I'd also point out that, just on the expense side, as we had time to solidify the plans there, I think we feel very, very confident about our $150 million spend synergy. Part of, I've talked about this kind of restructuring charge we took this quarter related to this voluntary retirement, part of that is to kind of make some room as we integrate the Linear Tech people within the company. So in the 10-Q, it talks about a $28 million savings for just the salary and fringe related to those employees. But we find that there's some extraneous set [ph] savings like travel and so forth that also are reduced. So I think we have made a pretty meaningful down payment on the $150 million already in advance of even integrating. And then, of course, the public company expenses go away pretty quickly, too, and that's $20 million, $25 million of expense. So we are very confident now having worked on this and that really penciled it out that the $150 million is very achievable. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: Dave, you piqued my interest on the Hittite revenue synergy side. Can you give a little bit more detail or anecdotes in terms of some of the things you're seeing from a design or revenue ramp perspective on Hittite? 
David Zinsner: Yes, Vince will probably do a better job of this. But I would tell you that in areas like aerospace and defense where they were particularly strong, we have pulled a lot of ADI content onto those systems and subsystems. That's been a big win for us. I think we did not appreciate how much opportunity we had in the aerospace and defense area until we really acquired Hittite and had that opportunity. There's a lot of radar capability that's required for the automotive space. And we're taking a lot of the capability we got from Hittite to be able to drive into that. The next generation, which we've talked about in the past, is 77 gigahertz for ADAS. And I think a lot of the capability that we pulled in from Hittite has helped in that regard. Also, I think that Hittite really just didn't have an opportunity to really address the larger OEMs, given their size. Around the edges, they might have won a little bit of business, but they really weren't breaking into the post OEMs in any meaningful way. That's all changed since they became part of ADI. And there's -- these are $10 million, $20 million, $30 million opportunities if you do them right. So I think we estimate that we probably have filled in the pipeline to the tune of $100 million of opportunities because of having the 2 entities combined that we would not have had otherwise. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So we were running, at the time of acquisition of Hittite, which was just about 2.5 years ago now, the revenue stream was roughly $70 million a quarter. So we're running at -- on a percentage basis, a substantially higher level than that right now. And I think to add to what Dave has said, the conversation with our customers has changed over that period of time. I think Hittite and ADI have gone from being very potent component level suppliers to really now being able to architect our customers' systems in these new, for example, digitally oriented beam steering systems for radar, for mobile communications infrastructure. We're very much now working at the application level in rather than the component level out. So I think it's been really a win-win. And as our customers in the analog space in general are dealing with thinner and thinner levels of resource and capability in terms of engineering their analog solutions, we're very, very well positioned. And Hittite's helped enormously in the RF and microwave side of things, and LT will help us on the analog systems side with the power side of things primarily. So that's, I think, how to look at it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. 
Christopher Danely: Considering the upside in the January quarter and then the guidance for the April quarter, what should we be thinking about conceptually for seasonal revenue growth in the July quarter? And then maybe give us your expectations, if only relative, for the 4 basic food groups of end markets for revenue growth this year? 
David Zinsner: Well, seasonally, usually sequentially, the third quarter is up. You tend to see a stronger consumer environment and the rest of the markets either are up or flattish. And then the fourth quarter generally is sequentially up again pretty meaningfully because you really start to see the consumer hit. I'd almost say in this case, we love our -- all our children equally. I mean, I think every end market has the opportunity to grow meaningfully from the prior year. We'll have to see how the rest of the year kind of shakes out. But we start off in a great situation. Our expectations for the second quarter, as we look at our backlog, look really good. So this continues into the third and fourth quarter, I think, every end market is going to do pretty well for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess, a question on the consumer side. It's clearly been better than your expectations. Could you just talk about how do you think about the segment over the next 12 months in terms of portables versus the rest of the consumer opportunity you have? And I think this Jan with your largest customer, you had talked about picking up 30% more content. Do you think that's possible again as they go through what, I guess, a super cycle product for the next year? Or do you see opportunity with your largest customer more in sync with the unit trajectory they have? 
Vincent Roche: Well, our consumer business is really a tale of 2 stories. We have prosumer, which is a more -- it's a business more akin to a B2B-type dynamic, so with many customers, many, many very high-performance building blocks from DSP to mixed-signal, in areas like audio and video signal processing. So we saw some downturn of that business over the last couple of years, but we've kind of hit the bottom, we believe we're at an inflection point there. So that's at least giving us stability, and that's kind of the bedrock of our consumer business in many ways. And so we're at an inflection there. On the portable side of things, we're clearly in a much better position than we were a year ago. We're working hard, as I said earlier, to diversify, to get more sockets and things like the image processing, control system, sensing in general, and also, we're engaging with many more customers than we did, I should say, on a pretty constrained, highly leveraged R&D budget. So look, is it possible that we get another 30% increase? Of course, it is, and that's what we're working hard to do to make sure we grab all available high-quality sockets that our technologies will match to. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: I wanted to follow up on a couple of the segment dynamics. And first, just looking at industrial and communications. Industrial looks like it's at record revenues, at least in my model, and it seems like there should still be some incremental strength that would come from areas like energy extraction, which I suspect may not be as strong as it's been in the past. And on communications, the business has been barely stable for the last 4 quarters. Is the strength that you're seeing now leading to a more material increase versus trailing fourth quarter levels? Or are we really just seeing a seasonal bump and nothing more than that? 
David Zinsner: Okay, let me take a shot at it. I'm sure Vince will provide better color than I can give. But I would say you're right in that the industrial business, I think, did hit a record this quarter, which is interesting in the fact that it happened in our first quarter, which tends not to be the strongest industrial quarter for us. So we'll likely hit an even bigger record next quarter, in the second quarter, since we expect it to be sequentially up. I think it had kind of a relatively pedestrian last year and maybe not as strong as we would have liked to see it. There was a few things on the macro side that impacted it. I think those have abated. And when you look at every subcategory within the industrial space, all of them are showing good strength. So I think that while it's early and we're always cautious about this, it does look like it's moving into a period of time where we start to see some meaningful growth. And quite honestly, we should. We made a lot of investments in that market. And there are a lot of opportunities to -- for analog content. And so I think we're starting to see the benefits of a lot of development over a lot of years. On the communications side, that business had been up. It came back down quite a bit in the prior periods. It had somewhat stabilized in the back half of last year, and we're in kind of what I think is a relatively stable period. Having said that, I do think there's a lot of opportunity in the comm infrastructure space for us. We have this new transceiver -- integrated transceiver that I think is doing quite well. I think we will see our performance in the wireless side be relatively better on the macro side than some of the competition. On top of that, we think that this small-cell deployment that has been long advertised and late to the party seems to have really started to gain some momentum here, and so we do expect to see some real traction in 2017 from that. And then lastly, an area that tends not to get as much focus is our wireline business. And with these kind of 100G deployments, 100-gig deployments that are going on right now, we're benefiting from that. And so our wireline business actually did particularly well this quarter. And so I think there's some expectation that through the next -- rest of the year, it will do quite well. So I don't know exactly how that -- the year will totally shake out yet. We always lack a bit of visibility out on the quarter. But I think the fact that it was pretty solid in the first quarter and we're expecting a reasonably good second quarter leads us to believe it will be a pretty good year for the comms business. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, something we don't talk an awful lot about in our wired business as well is cable infrastructure. And a lot of our new mixed-signal and data-converter technologies are enabling the carriers there to realize 4K and 8K video. And without our technology, it is impossible and to be able to do it within constrained physical space as well as power budgets. So that's an area that's doing very, very well for ADI in the signal path, along with, as Dave said, in the optical control chain. So I think our wired business is poised as long as the markets behave, well, our wireline business is poised for, I think, very decent growth in the years ahead. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo. 
David Wong: You mentioned you got 6 of the 7 clearances you need for the Linear deal. Can you remind us which the 6 are and what the seventh is you're waiting on and then an update of when you expect the deal to close? 
David Zinsner: I'll butcher the 6, so let me just tell you the one that we don't have. We certainly have the U.S. We have all the Europe ones. We have all of Asia, except for one, which is China. So we're waiting for China to approve it. I think it's well documented that, that's a long process, which is why we expected this thing to close around the end of April is because we knew that, that would be a long process. It's going very well. They do ask for a lot of information, and we have to go back and pull stuff together and present it in a way that is in a format in which they want to see it. And so we think it's going fine, and we would expect to be -- that we are on schedule to close this by the end of April at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Vivek Arya: My question is on the automotive segment. It's very good to see the sales acceleration over the last couple of quarters despite, I know in the past, you've had some headwinds in some products. But when I look at some of your analog peers, say Texas Instruments, they grew their auto business by 20% last year. So my question is, when do you think those legacy headwinds will start to abate and you can close the growth gap with some of your peer group? 
Vincent Roche: Well, we're better and better positioned with our customers and across the various applications. But I mean, just for the record, our infotainment business grew in double digits over the past year and as did much of our powertrain, the battery controlled technologies as well. So some of our segments have performed well in the double-digit area. I think we've talked before very openly about the fact that we've withdrawn from parts of the MEMS-based safety market, but we still have an important role to play, particularly with very, very high-end inertial and gyro-sensing technologies for active safety control. And our ADAS technology continues -- the RF and microwave technology there continues to do very, very well. And we're very excited by the 77-gig technology that we're bringing to market as well that we showcased at CES. And that's a whole new level of performance that we're bringing to market there with 77-gig. So I think we're better and better positioned. We're doing a lot more business in Asia than we used to do, and so that kind of evens out the distribution or the diversity of our business across the globe. So those are the facts. And we continue to invest heavily in the space because we think it is a growth driver for many, many years to come for ADI. 
David Zinsner: And we'd tell you that Linear Tech's technology in the battery management system is quite good, and they have seen growth probably in excess of 20% probably in certain years. So I think that we bring that into the fold. That certainly will help just organically drive the growth but also will -- we should get some pretty good synergies. Where they have good customer traction is in places where we don't and vice versa. So I think we'll be able to pull each other into customers and engagements that we don't have today. So it should be, I think, a really good growth driver for us going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: I wanted to ask a question about gross margins. In the quarter in the guide and then also a little bit longer term, I was surprised in the January quarter that it was as strong as it was, given that the consumer side was so strong, so I would have thought mix, all else being equal, would have been a little bit of a headwind. And then the inverse, I thought, would have been true in the April quarter, where the combination of mix being a tailwind and you just said utilization was going to rise, I thought that might actually be to a little more upside. That's kind of the near-term part of the question, if you can give details on that. And then the longer-term one, if we just put Linear and ADI's gross margins together, talk about the deltas above and below that synergy values, anything else you can capture that makes it more than just 1 plus 1? 
David Zinsner: Okay. So let's start with this quarter. Well, I would say that if you remember through all of last year, 2016, we kept utilization relatively in check and really worked the inventories down because we really wanted to get the days down below 110 days. And we did achieve that by the end of the year. So like normally coming into the first quarter, we're not as well positioned in terms of inventory levels, and so we end up having to bring utilization down pretty meaningfully in the first quarter. And that didn't happen, so that ended up kind of helping the gross margins. On top of that, the industrial business just did really well through the whole quarter and so there was really hardly any reason to kind of crank down the fabs in any meaningful way. The mix part, it actually did impact us a little, but I would tell you that, that particular piece of business actually has pretty good gross margins comparatively speaking relative to other consumer companies out there. And so it doesn't -- it's not quite the headwind -- or it's not quite the headwind when we get it and it's not quite the tailwind when it goes away that you might expect. It might impact it 20 basis points or something. For the second quarter, as you point out, we should have a little bit better mix and we are bringing up utilization, although kind of modestly, it will probably be in kind of the mid-70s. There's obviously -- if the mix goes where the consumer kind of comes down as meaningfully as I said, 40% to 50%, and we do get to the kind of mid-70s kind of gross margins, it's possible that we would be at the really high end of that range, and we'd be up to the 67% range. So that's obviously a scenario. I think we're just hedging ourselves a little bit just in case we can't quite crank the utilization up to those levels because it does require us to -- while we have the equipped capacity, we still have to crank through the wafers and sometimes, that takes a little while to get cranking. Okay. Oh, on the longer-term side, yes, Ross, sorry about that. So then I think on a blended basis, we're kind of in the high 60s gross margins just kind of out of the gate. And then about $50 million of the near-term synergies that we're expecting will be in the gross margin line. So we would -- we should expect to get into the 70% range pretty easily, I think, with the near-term synergies identified. Honestly, I think longer term, we have the potential to get into low 70s for gross margins. We will get some -- we inherit some processes from Linear Technology that I think are quite strong. I think that will help out in the entire business. I think we will, over time, get more and more efficient in terms of our manufacturing spending. And so I think that will be beneficial to the gross margin line as well. And of course, I think as Vince had talked a lot about, we are really focused in this B2B space. And just quite honestly, those -- because of the design cycles and the technology required to deliver what those customers want, it just carries better gross margins. And so I think we will benefit from that as well. So we're optimistic we can get the gross margins into the low 70s. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: On the aerospace and defense, obviously, that drives very good diversification within your business. Fundamentals here appear to be fairly solid. I think there are some pretty large radars, some satcom programs that are firing both in defense and in the commercial sectors. I know you guys talked a little bit about the synergies from Hittite, but just wondering, in general, how was the A&D subsegment tracking growth-wise on a year-over-year basis relative to the sort of 10% to 15% growth trend in the industrial segment now? 
Ali Husain: Yes. So I'll just take that -- the last question first. So it's been growing obviously at a very healthy clip over the last year or 2 in kind of the high single digits. I'd say in this quarter, it was probably in kind of mid- to high single digits on a year-over-year basis. And then the rest of the question was what exactly? 
Harlan Sur: How do you guys see this business going for the full year? 
David Zinsner: Oh, for the full year this year? 
Harlan Sur: Yes. 
David Zinsner: Probably in that range. I think this is a kind of multiple of GDP kind of growth. It will be very correlated to how GDP grows, so probably mid- to high single digits. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. 
Blayne Curtis: I just want to follow up on a question. The B2B business is growing high single digits. If you take out comm, it's more like double digits. You've seen a lot of your analog peers see similar, and it's really a function of the kind of really no seasonality and then kind of growing off that base. Just curious to your perspective on the broader markets here as you talk to customers. Why is this market tracking at these double digits? And how do you see that affecting seasonality as you go through the year? 
David Zinsner: Well, I'll talk macro, and then I'm sure Vince talks to all these customers, so he can probably give you some more specific color. But I think last year, it didn't grow that much. And so part of it is just rebounding off of a much slower environment in 2016. So I don't think it's altogether surprising that we would see it start to come back. I would tell you though that I think we have, earlier in the period in which people have been focusing on this back in the '09 and even '08 before I even got here time frame, we really did focus our R&D efforts largely in this space. And I think we made it fairly public that we moved a lot of our consumer R&D into the B2B space to really focus on that market and in, particularly, the industrial markets. And so eventually all that development does translate into revenue as promised. And so I think some of what you're seeing in the results this quarter is that it's the opportunity's starting to translate into revenue more than anything. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, also, while America and Europe are very, very important, they're the bedrock, if you like, of our B2B business. We've been particularly pleased on the industrial side with the growth in our business in Asia as well over the last 2 or 3 quarters. So it's broad-based and strong in Europe and America but even stronger on a growth basis in Asia at this point in time. 
David Zinsner: The one thing that helps us get -- feel -- get some confidence around this, I don't want to oversell it just yet because one quarter doesn't make a pattern. But as you look out in terms of the inventory, particularly using disties as a proxy, it's actually fairly lean at 7 weeks. In fact, we normally run 7.5 to 8 weeks. And for the last, I don't know, maybe 4 or 5 quarters, we've been down at the 7-week level and we haven't seen a build. So that's good because it's getting consumed in various regions, particularly in Asia. 
Vincent Roche: Also if you look at the PMIs of the big CapEx-spending economies, they have been strong and strengthening over the last several quarters, so that certainly helps the B2B business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. 
William Stein: I had a question about the Linear Tech pending acquisition, and it relates to the biggest concern I hear from investors, which is that there's a view that there are significant cultural differences between the 2 companies. I'm wondering what you've learned as you've built the plan to integrate the 2 businesses about the differences and similarities culture-wise, and what you see as the biggest risks and biggest opportunities now that you're presumably quite far along in that integration planning. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, so a good question. I would say that something I'm very, very clear about is that what we stand for as companies around the notion that innovation drives business success, that we drive diversity, diversity gives us tremendous resilience in the markets that we choose, lots of customers, lots of products, lots of different applications. And also, we're companies that focus really on getting great free cash flows from our business through operational efficiency, good price management. So those things we share together. Those are kind of the core business values that underpin both companies. So I would say, clearly, there are differences in the way we achieve our goals in terms of the behaviors in the companies, the routines to get the results that we get. And our approach to trying to create something better than the sum of the parts really is to leverage the best of both cultures. And that means basically pulling our business and operating processes together. We're working hard to figure out what is the best of both on the side of manufacturing supply chain. Obviously, day 1, it's critical that we have a single voice to the customer so we're working very, very hard on that. Also, from an ongoing technology and customer management, manufacturing standpoint, pooling our collective knowledge and wisdom to where we're combining the leadership structures, we're going to start combining the organizations to enable us to achieve those goals. And we're also looking for ways to get the blood of both companies flowing in each other's veins through cross-pollination, through physical colocation as best we can. So when I think what will be very, very clear is that our measurement and rewards system will emphasize what we both care about, which is long-term profitable growth. So that's essentially how we're approaching things. And I would say I'm very impressed with how both companies are leaning into each other and how we're working to truly try to get the best of both. 
David Zinsner: Yes. If there's anything we're concerned about, which was one part of your question, I would say we were so enthusiastic about this on both sides, and now we got to wait for all this bureaucracy to kind of take care of itself. So we're a bit anxious to get going, and it's just painful to wait as long as we've had to wait to get it done. But I think as soon as it closes, we will be off to the races in terms of making the sum of the parts -- or making the combination more than the sum of the parts. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
Vincent Celentano: This is Vince Celentano on for Steve. I had a question about your recently acquired LIDAR business. Could somebody talk about how its current position stacks up against the competition and how big of a revenue opportunity you think this could be over the next few years? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I mean, at an application level, to be able to realize these future semiautonomous and autonomous driving systems, you need lots of different types of eyes that are looking for -- they're looking for the signal, so to speak. So today, radar and cameras, this image processing from cameras, they're the important modalities. But LIDAR is becoming a very important modality. And today, that's realized with mechanical systems essentially. Our approach is to -- so we acquired Vescent Photonics, which enables us to bring a more silicon-based technology to bear, which is fundamentally -- it's inherently more mechanically robust and enables us to apply a lot of signal processing to the core sensing and actuation technology to get the kind of resolution and the kind of reliability and performance that we need to get. So I think it will be a very important part of the realization of these autonomous driving systems. In fact, I believe that semiconductor process technologies will enable this type of technology to become more broadly deployed. So that's, I think, the way to look at it. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Cody Acree with Drexel Hamilton. 
Cody Acree: Vince, maybe you've talked about underlying health of kind of global GDP trends. I guess, I'm just curious where you see yourself gaining share in some of the subapplications in B2B versus maybe that underlying market support. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So if you take core industrial, I mentioned the fact that we're very pleased with our performance in Asia. I think that's been the result of many, many, many years of customer engagement, good deployment of R&D and that's working well for us. So I think a certain amount -- a rising tide will lift all boats. So a certain amount of what we're seeing is driven by what's happening in the macro economy. But another part of it is driven by what we are doing to position ourselves to take advantage of these markets as they strengthen. So I'm particularly pleased with industrial, particularly in the automation sector. Dave has talked about A&D and how important Hittite has been to that part of our story. Instrumentation ATE had a good quarter last one as well. So we're well positioned with high-margin, high-value, high-performance products in that area. Automotive, we've talked a lot about. And the foundation of our B2B business is industrial and health care. And both of those areas are performing well, driven by our innovation efforts, our customer engagement efforts and the cooperation of the markets. 
David Zinsner: And there's, I think, there is a belief by us that the industrial markets are going through a change much like the automotive market has already experienced in this electrification of cars. There is more and more kind of sensor signal processing, these kind of IoT-like applications going into the industrial space. So the unit volume of the end product, whatever that might be, a robotic system or whatever, may be still the same number of units, but the amount of content, analog content and semiconductor content broadly within those systems is just increasing as they try to sense these things and richer ways get better data out of them. 
Vincent Roche: To that point, our customers are becoming more and more and more software-oriented, and -- which opens up a tremendous opportunity for us as a leader in the application of analog technologies. So the dependence on ADI is increasing where we are essentially, if you like, filling the vacuum for our customers and providing a lot of the analog-engineering solutions to these customers. And as they become more software-oriented in areas like, I mentioned during the prepared remarks here that we have solved a very, very important problem for a customer, where we can take many, many different types of inputs and outputs across various standards where we've been able to do a level of integration in these universal input-output systems, which enable our customers to leverage their software across a bigger swath of analog input-output technologies. So that's some of the stuff that's going as we move towards smarter, more software-oriented machines and process automation and factory automation, for example. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura. 
Romit Shah: So I had a question about the B2B outlook for the April quarter. So I thought industrial is typically up 10-plus percent in April, and I think you guys have said that auto's not too dissimilar. So the fact that you're guiding B2B up mid- to high single digits with all the momentum that you're seeing today would sort of suggest that you've got some room to do better. So am I mischaracterizing seasonality? Can you just talk about that a little bit? 
David Zinsner: Yes. So it's more a function of when you have a really -- when you're coming off such strong numbers in the first quarter, you're probably not going to have quite the sequential improvement in the second quarter. I think it still drives year-over-year growth that's pretty meaningful. So I don't think there's anything really to read into that other than just the growth off of a very strong first quarter drives it to be a little bit lighter, I think, seasonally. 
Vincent Roche: And remember, we're at record levels in our industrial business. 
David Zinsner: Right. 
Operator: Your next question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: I guess, 2 quick questions. The first one, can you share -- on the OpEx, you did a great job of managing OpEx and flat revenue environment in fiscal '16. Curious now that revenues appear to be tracking low double digits at least, how we should think about OpEx. And then secondly, now that business is tracking better, free cash flow is coming in stronger, and before, you talked about net leverage of 3.8x at deal close. I would imagine that number would look better and would love to get an update from you on that. 
David Zinsner: Okay. So on the OpEx front, we're obviously going to lag the revenue growth, probably we will grow at half the rate. Maybe we would do a little bit better. Of course, all this is prior to the Linear Tech integration, and then we'll probably operate in a similar modality after that. As it relates to the net leverage, we'll probably be a little bit better coming -- partially, we also have accumulated a lot of cash in the last couple of quarters, and we're -- we expect to have a pretty good quarter next quarter for cash flow. So I would suspect that we will come in a little bit under what we originally anticipated. I think maybe more importantly is we think the free cash flow is going to be quite strong in this combined business going forward. And so I think we will end up seeing a little bit more rapid paydown of the debt than we originally anticipated. And so in that respect, we should see some benefit on the interest expense line over time and that certainly will benefit earnings as well. 
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Caso with CLSA. 
Christopher Caso: Just to follow up on a question on industry conditions and obviously, demand appears pretty favorable now inventory is low. Do you see any evidence either within your own business or the industry of tightening supply conditions, anything that you think would incentivize the customers and distributors to start bringing the inventory levels a bit higher here? 
David Zinsner: Yes, no, I think when you look across the supply chain as far as we can tell, when we look at our inventory levels and distribution, they're really at the low end of what we expect them to be. When you look at the lead times, we have a goal here of delivering product within 4 to 6 weeks. And we're still delivering basically the entirety of our orders within those stated lead times. So I'd tell you, you always have little pockets here and there, but I'd say overall, things look pretty good. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS. 
Stephen Chin: I also had a follow up on inventories. You guys mentioned the relatively lean level of 7 weeks that the distribution channels were running at. So I was wondering for your direct customers' sales, which is I think about half of your business, can you talk about how the visibility on those inventories look? And also related to it going back to distribution channel, I think traditionally, people look at distri channel inventory as a good -- sort of real-time or lead indicator of how the overall cycle is doing and further downstream, but with just the better kind of just-in-time manufacture methods and ERP systems, do you guys still think that lower kind of in-line inventory levels in the distri channel still sort of a good lead indicator? 
David Zinsner: The answer to the second is yes. 50 is an indicator, although at the end of the day, it's the customers' inventory level of the distributors that really matters. We don't have tons of visibility into that. We look at the same data you do, which is what they report in terms of their overall inventory levels, which includes our products but also includes a whole bunch of other suppliers into those customers. And they look in the range of pretty healthy levels so I think that at least as we see it today, there doesn't seem to be anything that would lead you to believe there's an inventory issue out there. I think really how we do and how probably the industry does is more based on how the macro does and how the -- how GDP, world GDP does over the course of the next few years. I'd say that's a bigger determinant of how things go. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Stephens. 
Richard Sewell: This is Richard in for Harsh. Just wanted to touch on the small cell commentary you had. I know that this has been kind of a well-advertised but continues to kind of get pushed out. What's given you confidence that this is picking up? What are you hearing from customers? And then how does your content look compared to your traditional wireless infrastructure market? 
David Zinsner: Well, we're getting orders so that's how we know that it's -- the small cell is starting to deploy. It's more than just commentary. This is actually we're getting physical orders and forecast. So I think we feel pretty confident unless some -- there was some end-demand perturbation or something like that. The content is good. It's reasonably similar to what we see on the macro side on a per-radio basis. The difference is that macro base station could have 16, 24 channels and there's only one channel usually for one small cell. So the idea there is that there'll just be a whole lot more of them deployed in a given region or given area, and that's where we make it up in volume. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I'd say the ramp-up of small cell is really beginning to happen now. But I think it will hit a different phase over the next year, 2 years. So it will be a bigger factor in 2 or 3 years' time, but our business is still pretty much dominated by macrocell right now. But as Dave said, the channel ASP, the per channel ASP is about the same, whether it's a small cell or a macrocell. 
Ali Husain: Yes, I'd just add, as Vince mentioned in the prepared remarks, we did have a record quarter this quarter in our software-defined integrated transceiver platforms. And actually, a lot of that was driven by these small cells deployments that were taking place, I'd say, particularly in China right now. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: I just had one last follow-up, and this is on automotive. So instead of looking at sort of the relative growth rates the last year, is there a way for you to talk about dollar content especially with the Linear acquisition? So what I'm trying to get is perhaps maybe now the content is sort of in the tens of dollars but then with Linear Technology, you'll eventually be in the hundreds of dollars? 
Vincent Roche: Well, the LT -- again look, we have a huge range of ASPs per car, given the type of technology we deployed, how much of it gets deployed per car. LT -- so we have -- ADI's business is spread across basically gas-driven cars, combustion engines as well as EV and hybrid, LTE's is largely electric and hybrid. So it gives us greater diversity but it depends very much on the type of car, the brand of car. So it's very, very hard to put a number on it, Tore, but it's certainly -- we get more diversification, more ASP coverage virtually in every car that we supply technology to. 
David Zinsner: I would say we did like a quick back of the napkin on it, and I think on the low end, we would get somewhere in the $55 range per car. And on the high end, we could do as well as $500. But if we add Linear to the mix, they should add about $100 worth of content, at least from a SAM perspective. Now obviously, we don't win all that business at every car but -- so it's quite strong. 
Ali Husain: Great. All right, for sure. Okay, great call, a great quarter. Hopefully, we'll talk to you guys in the road. That was definitely our last question. Thanks for joining the call this morning, and we'll talk to you again soon. 
Vincent Roche: Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-21 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. 
 I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Ali Husain, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Ali Husain: All right, great. Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining ADI's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal '16 Earnings Conference Call. You can find our press release, relating financial schedules and the investor toolkit at their usual spot at investor.analog.com. And specifically, about the investor toolkit, it's something we post on our website 2 hours before the earnings call, and it's actually a pretty good summary of our prepared remarks. So for those that are interested in kind of getting the early scoop, that's probably a good place to go as we file our press release.
 With me on today's call are ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Dave Zinsner. 
 Before we start, let's do our disclosures. Please note, the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives, outlook and the proposed acquisition of Linear Technology Corporation, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-K. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we have reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, in today's earnings release, which we've posted at investor.analog.com. 
 And so with all that behind us, let's get started. And I'd like to turn the call over to Vincent Roche, our CEO. 
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Ali, and good morning, everyone. By almost any measure, ADI had an excellent fourth quarter. To put it in perspective, we achieved record revenue of $1 billion, expanded operating margins to a record 38% of sales, and we generated record free cash flow margins of 44%. Throughout fiscal 2016, as you know, caution and uncertainty were the norm across the world. Nevertheless, we executed well in a tough business environment, investing and positioning ourselves for future growth while remaining disciplined and making smart investment trade-offs. 
 All told, the actions we took during the year drove free cash flow margins to 33.7%, a 520 basis point improvement over the prior year, and I'm very proud of the stellar execution by our entire team.
 For ADI, it starts with an obsession for customer success, and I personally spend, as you know, a lot of time talking to and listening to their needs. It's obvious to me from these conversations that ADI is an exceptional company, and we are more relevant to our customers than ever before. What is also clear is that our customers are seeking true innovation partners as they grow and evolve their businesses in the midst of unprecedented levels of complexity, at the same time, our customers' hardware engineering talent to stretch thin. As a result, they're increasingly focusing their design efforts on systems and software, while turning the analog design challenge to ADI, where we have economies of scale and of scope. With the analog design challenges said to become even more complicated and critical in the area of IoT and Industry 4.0, for example, helping our customers bridge the physical and digital domains is -- in mission-critical applications will, we believe, create tremendous opportunities for sustainable, profitable growth for ADI long into the future.
 Customers choose us because we've been at this craft for over 50 years now, and in our industry, brand matters. The ADI brand is synonymous with high quality and high performance, and our customers rightly, have full faith that ADI will support them today, and well into the future. We have demonstrated an unwavering commitment to innovation that creates economic value for our customers by investing strongly in our own business. Since the Great Recession, ADI has invested $4 billion in research and development alone, primarily in the B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure. We've also made investments in quality, manufacturing, supply chain and field operations because being able to effectively and efficiently deliver high-reliability innovation and customer support is just as important as the innovation itself.
 In addition to these organic investments, we've been acquiring capability that not only builds our technology base but also enables ADI to move up the value stack. During the year, we announced the proposed acquisition of Linear Technology, which, once complete, will create a high-performance Analog leader, with the combined company having a top 2 market share position across all the key building blocks of the analog market, namely data converters, power management, amplifiers, interface and high-performance RF and microwave. Once the transaction closes, we will have the ability to meet all of our customers' analog and mixed signal needs in sticky, long-life cycle, high-value applications in the industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure markets. 
 During the year, we also acquired some very interesting early-stage technologies, which we believe will help ADI move up the value stack, as we say, over time. The acquisition of SNAP Sensor gives ADI the ability to provide our customers with very high dynamic range imaging capabilities, important in Smart City applications, as an example. For smart factory applications, we acquired Innovasic, a developer of deterministic Ethernet switching and software solutions to extend our reach in this core market. We also acquired the Cyber Security Solutions business of Sypris, giving ADI the ability to provide customers with a trusted sensor-to-cloud solution, with security right down at the node. And just recently, we announced the acquisition of some exciting LIDAR technology from Vescent Photonics that will enable ADI to develop a true, solid-state scanning LIDAR system, complementing our existing radar-based ADAS offerings, and these things are very important in autonomous driving applications.
 The investments we've made and continue to make are helping create economic value for our customers, and I'd like to share a few examples of where ADI's technology is making a real difference. In the automotive space, our recently announced A2B audio bus structure provides vehicle manufacturers with high-end, in-cabin audio fidelity while reducing vehicle weight. We estimate that our solution helps save car manufacturers approximately $30 per vehicle in combined CO2 taxes and fuel efficiency. 
 In the area of factory and process automation, our software configurable input-output solutions are solving significant channel density, physical space and terminal challenges, while reducing system complexity and installation and wiring costs. And in the health care arena, ADI's vital signs monitoring products are bringing clinical-grade care into the home, enabling high-quality remote patient monitoring that reduces or even eliminates the need for and cost of a hospital stay. Ours is a customer value creation journey, 51 years in the making. We have the intellectual capital, and more importantly, we have a talented, passionate and engaged team at ADI to help serve our customers' needs today and well into the future. The combination with Linear Technology represents the next phase in this value creation journey. With our market-leading product portfolios tied to attractive markets, we believe we can create a free cash flow engine that will be unmatched in our industry and help provide investors with an attractive combination of growth and shareholder value for many years to come.
 So with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ali for details on our performance by end market in the fourth quarter. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Vince. So digging deeper into our results by end market, the industrial market at 39% of revenue, increased 6% sequentially, a very strong result in what is typically a weaker period for the industrial business. 
 Revenue from our broad base of small- and medium-size customers was better than seasonal and in fact, increased sequentially, and the expected rebound in the aerospace and defense sector is also pretty strong. And our health care business also posted record quarter as we are now beginning to see the early returns from our investments in the health care sector. And compared to the prior year the industrial market showed actually pretty considerable strength, growing 8% over the prior year, and it was broad-based strength across all of the industrial sectors as we compare the year-on-year performance.
 The automotive market at 14% of revenue increased 5% sequentially, and that was broad-based growth across, really, all sectors within this market, but I'd say, more importantly, automotive revenues increased 7% compared to the prior year. 
 Communications infrastructure sales at 17% of revenue decreased slightly from the prior quarter. Both wireless and wireline application revenues decreased slightly sequentially but increased compared to the prior year, led by growth in 100-gig-plus optical networking applications. The consumer market at 29% of fourth quarter revenue increased 58% sequentially and decreased 7% compared to the prior year, with both sequential and year-over-year results, largely due to portable consumer application sales. 
 So now, I'd like to turn the call over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the fourth quarter and in fiscal '16. With the exception of revenue, Dave's comments on fourth quarter and fiscal '16 P&L line items will exclude special items, which, in the aggregate, totaled $39 million for the quarter. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures and our calculation of free cash flow are on schedules E and F in today's release. So with that, Dave, it's all yours. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Ali. The fourth quarter was once again a very strong and profitable quarter, and we set records for revenue, operating margin, free cash flow generation and earnings per share.
 Revenue in the fourth quarter totaled $1 billion, and diluted earnings per share was $1.05. Gross margins of 66.6% increased 60 basis points from the prior quarter and included a 120 basis point benefit relating to the sale of previously reserved portable consumer application inventory. Excluding this item, gross margins were in line with guidance, decreasing 60 basis points from the prior quarter due to mix.
 We continue to tightly manage inventories, and as a result, inventory on a dollars basis in the fourth quarter decreased $16 million sequentially, and inventory on a days basis decreased 17 days to 105 days. Weeks of inventory and distribution were slightly below 7 weeks and were at the leanest level in 6 years.
 Operating expenses increased 3% sequentially, lagging well behind the 15% sequential increase in revenue. As a result, operating profit hit a record 38.1% of revenue, expanding 400 basis points sequentially and 220 basis points over the prior year. 
 Other expense in the fourth quarter was approximately $20 million. Our tax rate in the fourth quarter was approximately 10% as we adjusted our full year tax rate to approximately 11%. Excluding special items, our business delivered strong operating leverage even with low utilization rates, and diluted earnings per share grew 28% sequentially to the $1.05 per share, which was almost twice the rate of sequential revenue growth. 
 We had a record cash generation quarter, with free cash flow margins of 44%, expanding 600 basis points compared to the year-ago period. Capital additions during the quarter were $41 million, and we expect fiscal 2017 capital additions to be in the range of $125 million to $145 million.
 During the quarter, we paid $130 million in dividends, and our long-term financial model incorporates annual dividend increases of 5% to 10%. At the current stock price, ADI's dividend yield of $1.68 represents a dividend yield of approximately 2.5%, although maybe a little bit lower, now that the stock rose today. 
 Now I'll take a moment to talk about our performance in 2016. Revenue of $3.4 billion was stable to the prior year, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share decreased 3% from the prior year, primarily due to lower gross margins and higher interest expense, ahead of the Linear Tech deal close. The lower gross margins for the year were primarily the result of a very deliberate and disciplined inventory management program that reduced inventory on a dollars basis by $36 million or 9% and, on a days basis, reduced inventory in the fourth quarter by 9 days to 105 days. 
 Nevertheless, gross margins remained relatively stable to the prior year as we minimize the impact of lower factory utilization rates through pricing and cost efficiencies. The good news is that inventory levels are now in excellent shape.
 All told, fiscal '16 free cash flow margins expanded by over 500 basis points to 34%, setting a new company record. During the year, we also returned almost $900 million or 77% of free cash flow to shareholders via dividends and share buybacks. Of course, the biggest news of the year was the proposed acquisition of Linear Technology. To date, we've received regulatory clearances in Israel, Germany, Japan and the United States, and we now expect the transaction to close by the end of our second fiscal quarter of 2017.
 Our integration planning teams are hard at work, and we're very pleased with their progress. Vince has put me in charge of the integration effort, and I'm confident that our combined company will be greater than the sum of its parts.
 We expect the transaction to be immediately accretive to non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow and for accretion levels to increase, as we begin realizing the planned $150 million of annualized run rate synergies within 18 months of the transaction close. 
 During the quarter, we also made good progress on financing the transaction, locking up a $5 billion term loan facility. Based on our current expectations, we anticipate the all-in coupon rate related to the financing to be approximately 3%.
 So now turning to our outlook and expectations for the first quarter of fiscal 2017, which, with the exception of revenue expectations, is on a non-GAAP basis and excludes non -- or known special items that are outlined in today's release.
 Order rates are currently stable across our business as we enter the seasonally slow January quarter. As a result, we expect revenue in the first quarter to decrease sequentially, and be in the range of $840 million to $900 million but to grow 9% to 17% over the prior year. With inventory levels and utilization rates in good shape, we anticipate gross margins in the first quarter to be between 65.5% and 66%. We expect operating expenses in the first quarter to increase slightly sequentially and for operating profit before tax to be well north of 30%. We're planning for our tax rate to be approximately 11%, which is our planned non-GAAP rate until we close the Linear transaction. 
 In total, excluding special items, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be between $0.68 and $0.78, which would represent year-over-year earnings per share growth of 21% to 39%. 
 This was a great quarter for the company, and we're very proud of our achievements, but as Vince always says, we should be often pleased but never satisfied. It is our job to make sure that we continue to exceed expectations. Our customers, employees and shareholders would expect nothing less, and neither do we. 
 So with that, operator, let's open up the floor for questions. 
Ali Husain: All right, Jennifer, so we'll get to questions in a second. [Operator Instructions] We're running this call until 11:00, so I think there's plenty of time to get to everyone's questions. So Jennifer, I think you've got the instructions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I know the rule, but I had a quick fact check for Dave, and then I had a longer term for Vince. Dave, and I apologize if I'm missing it, usually, in your prepared press release, you do give the end market breakdown for the coming quarter. I don't think I saw it this time. 
David Zinsner: Yes, maybe we ordinarily do. Okay. We'll give you 2 questions, Ambrish. I would say, just kind of directionally, the B2B businesses, which we would consider industrial, automotive and communications, will roughly be down mid-single digits. And of course, consumer, I think, would be roughly in the 30% down range in that. What was your other question, Ambrish? 
Ambrish Srivastava: Yes. For -- my other one was a bit of a longer term for you, Vince. And this is going back to a conversation you and I had a while ago. I know you've been on a path to transforming ADI, and you've talked about inorganic as well as organic and thinking more of a value creation as opposed to what we are used to, design in, design out. You kind of showed it in the consumer side so far that you're not a one-socket win. But give us a perspective of where we are. And I know baseball season is over, and I love cricket, but cricket is a bad analogy. There's only 2 innings. So where are we in that transformation, Vince? And just help us with that perspective. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Thanks, Ambrish. Good question. So look, we're on a journey. We believe -- we said several years ago, we believe that there's enough impetus in our business and that we had the balance sheet as well to help us get this company towards $4 billion to $5 billion in sales in a reasonable period of time. And we are well on track. I believe, over the next several years, we'll be updating -- obviously, when we integrate LTC, we'll be updating all the benchmarks around what we expect revenue to be over time, profit, free cash flow, and so on, so forth. So I don't know. I'm not a cricket fan at all, Ambrish. I don't know cricket, and I'm only an amateur in terms of understanding baseball. But I would say, we're still in the probably -- in probably the first quarter of the transformation. So we have... 
Ambrish Srivastava: Okay. That's football. 
Vincent Roche: We have many, many years of upside. As I said, what makes me very optimistic about this business is that the analog domain essentially sets the performance for all the systems that make up this massive information communications technology sector. It's one of the foundational technologies. Our customers are asking us for more, more, more. And we are getting to the point now, where we can be very, very choosy about the problems that we solve, and we can solve those problems across the board from microwave to mix signal to digital signal processing to power, sensor technologies. So I think there's a huge innovation upside. That's the root of this company. We're in a better and better position with our customers. So I'm very optimistic that we can get this business well beyond $5 billion in a reasonable period of time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: Dave, can you remind us where utilization is right now? And what are your plans for the next quarter? Obviously, you've done a great job bringing the inventory days down, but kind of as we look forward from here on, how should we think about utilization and inventories? 
David Zinsner: Good question, Tore. So utilization was in the kind of high 60s in the fourth quarter. I would expect it to be roughly in that range in the first quarter, which is somewhat atypical for us for our first quarter because, generally, we're working our inventory back down in the first quarter. And with industrial usually having a sequential decline in the first quarter as well, it generally drives our utilization down a bit. But given that we have done so well, or I guess, the operations group has done so well in terms of managing inventory this year, we can keep utilization a little bit higher going into the first quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. 
Tristan Gerra: Related question on the gross margin guidance when we adjust for the sale of previously reserved product. You had a sequential trend in gross margin guidance that's better than seasonal, and you just mentioned the utilization rate being better than what you would see typically in the fiscal quarter. Is there anything else in terms of mix that also has an impact on gross margin, maybe some weakness in base station or anything else that you could give us color on? 
David Zinsner: Yes, no, I think it's generally utilization that's going to drive it, because, in reality, mix on a year-over-year basis is actually a little bit worse, because, if you remember, the first quarter was a pretty difficult quarter for us with regard to consumer, came down quite a bit. This year, it won't have as dramatic a decline. And so mix is a little bit negative, but utilization will offset. And I'd say the other thing, just anecdotally, is the operations group has done a very good job on the spending side, just really managing the expenses there. And so we've incrementally, I'd say, every year, been doing a bit better in terms of spending. And then on top of that, there's obviously, as I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've been focused on pricing as well. And so I think those things have just had an incrementally little bit of a benefit every quarter. And then, of course, utilization drives a lot of it, and the offset would be mix... 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: On industrial, and understanding it's a big macro overlay to industrial, but nice to see the broad-based strength, can you talk about, Vince, just maybe some of the applications or product that you're excited about in terms of where you're seeing some investment by your industrial customers? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I mentioned in the prepared remarks there, Craig, for example, in our core businesses, like robotics, for example, there's a need to be able to push the speed and the accuracy of these robots to ever higher levels. That's a tremendous digital signal processing challenge. And we've been building complete solutions that are only coming to fruition now for that area to enable much higher speeds in the operation of the robots with lower power, much greater accuracy. So it's complete signal chain of digital signal processing technology and mixed-signal technology. I mentioned in the prepared remarks as well some of these software-defined input-output structures that are enabling our customers to deepen the penetration of sensors into their environments and to dramatically reduce the complexity of installation and the costs. Energy is another area. It's a slow burn market, but it's an area where we have tremendous technology in transmission and distribution and also in the metering of energy. So those are just a couple of areas. And I should say as well, we combined -- we just lump healthcare into the industrial sector as well. And we've seen this is a market where we've been investing, I would say, modestly but very determinedly over the last 7 or 8 years, and we're beginning to really see the returns come good there in terms of revenue and profit. So I'll give you an example. We -- using integrated silicon photonics and signal processing technology, we've changed the way our customers can implement CT scanning and digital x-ray. We're bringing clinical-grade vital signs monitoring beyond the hospital into the clinic and the home. So those are all things that are making a big difference to ADI. I should point out, by the way, as well that we're on a quarter -- we're on a $0.25 billion run rate now with our health care business, with very, very good profits and a good outlook. Again, it's a slower burn business, but it's a terrific bet for the future for ADI. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. 
Christopher Danely: I'm going to ask the Trump question since I get it 5 or 6 times a day. So who knows what this guy is going to come up with policy-wise, but maybe if you can just share with us your sort of thoughts on how you think this impacts you, what your concerns are, what you think any positives could come out of it for ADI and the industry? Any thoughts there would be appreciated. 
Vincent Roche: Well, it's a good question. But we're getting into our 52nd year now as a company. So we've gone through many regime changes across the world and many, many -- how many American presidents is that. So I think let's just wait and see. We don't know. We hear -- like everybody else, we hear the rhetoric. We've yet got to see what the policy's going to look like. But maybe on the margins, it'll be good, at least for the American business environment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess, I just want to go back to the Linear transaction for a second. You've had more time to I think go through this and review this. I'll say the number one question we tend to get is just how much of -- what sort of manufacturing optimization savings could you get from the transaction over time? And what sort of upside would that yield versus $150 million you've talked about? So anything you can talk about just manufacturing integration optimization you can do, and if that would be incremental to what you've talked about? 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Amit. That's a good question. Let me start, though, since you asked it -- opened up the Linear question. Why don't we just start at the beginning -- at the top here. We've actually spent the last several months really focusing on how the integration will go as of day 1. I would tell you that where we have gotten a lot more optimism is around the revenue side. We were already coming into this, and this is the reason you do an acquisition like this is to get revenue synergies. We're already coming into the acquisition thinking that we would get hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue upside over time. Of course, it takes a while to get that kind of revenue upside, but eventually. I would say that we're even more optimistic about getting revenue synergies. The teams have sat a number of times and talked through where there might be opportunities for the combined company to really address markets and deliver products that we hadn't in the past. And that -- the fruits of those conversations have been very, very positive. On the manufacturing side, I think that right now, we're going to go in with the footprint that we have. And what we do and what we've always done is optimize that to our needs. And we'll continue to look at it. So I don't know beyond -- I think we had roughly thought that there's about $50 million of manufacturing synergies through purchasing power and so forth. Whether there'll be more, several years down the road, we'll just have to wait and see. But for now, I would call it about $50 million. And then we expect there's probably another $100 million of OpEx synergies. There's a lot of early wins that we've identified through the efforts in planning the integration to obviously the public company expenses. But there's a lot of things that we spend in terms of outside services and so forth that we don't need to spend 2 of. And so I think we'll get some very quick cost savings out of that activity. So if anything, I think we're very positive. I would tell you that the other thing we talked about when we announced the acquisition was that we thought our tax -- blended tax rate would be 19.5%. I think, today, now we believe that's more like 15%. So that actually pushes up the near-term accretion number from about 10% to probably about 15%. So if anything, we're more optimistic about the near term and incredibly optimistic about the long term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: Just looking at the model bottoms up and going back a bit to Ambrish's question. So if my model's correct, not only did you have record margins in the quarter, but auto and industrial also had record quarters. And as I look at the outlook, the 13% midpoint year-on-year growth, relative to ADI's history and global GDP growth, I think we would typically look at the analog industry growing at a 2 to 2.5x multiple of global GDP growth. You're growing at 4x that. So as we look at the business and where it is now and the early payoff in some of the platform investments the company has made, are we seeing the company start to move into a phase where its growth rate, relative to its own history and relative to the industry, is now at a nice premium to what we would have seen in the post-Lehman and even pre-Lehman periods? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think, firstly, you've got to take growth over a longer period of time. It's a longer integral. But yes, as I've said, what makes me very optimistic about things is that we're innovating like never before. And our -- we're solving big, meaningful problems of greater impact. And our customer relationships are such that, I think, we're very, very well positioned to be able to partner with them to really uncover what they believe to be the most intractable challenges, both in terms of their innovation and their commercial impact. So, yes, I think we're innovating in a way that gives us tremendous opportunity for growth. And as I said, we've got the customers with us. So I think I would expect -- we've said that our long-term growth model is 2 to 3x GDP. I think we're well positioned to at least deliver that organically. And as I said when Ambrish asked the question earlier, we will be updating our models over the coming couple of quarters once we integrate LTC here. So we'll give you more color and visibility. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: I guess, I also had a housekeeping question. Dave, you mentioned that you thought consumer would be down in the ballpark of 30% sequentially next quarter. But just mathematically, that doesn't give me the B2B down mid-single digits, so B2B-specific items will be down more than that. So were you just sort of rounding on the consumer number? Or is there something else going on with the math? 
David Zinsner: Yes. I was rounding on the consumer number. 
Stacy Rasgon: Okay. So you expect it to be down more? 
David Zinsner: A little bit more. 
Stacy Rasgon: Got it. That's the housekeeping question. If I could ask the real question now. Just last year, you gave us a little bit of color on content increases for Apple. And obviously, the businesses -- consumer was down a little bit this year, but not much with the content increase offsetting the inventory reduction. What do you guys see for content increase on the next cycle for that product? 
David Zinsner: I think it's too early to tell right now. I think we feel good about our content right now. Whether there'll be any additional items, it's, I think, difficult to say right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. 
Blayne Curtis: Actually, just a follow-up there on the consumer side. The 30-ish decline seems fairly normal. So just wondering if you can compare and contrast this year versus last year. And then you have additional components. Are you seeing any yield issues or anything else like you saw in force touch this year? Or is it fairly smooth? 
David Zinsner: Yes, we don't -- it's fairly smooth. I think what you saw kind of on a year-over-year basis as we came down a little bit while increasing content. So the driver of the opposite kind of force here was obviously, the inventory build that happened last year that doesn't appear to be happening this year. So it's kind of tracking as you would normally expect. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: On the OpEx side of things, I realize you only have a couple of quarters left before Linear comes into the equation, but Dave, can you walk us through why you're guiding it up sequentially? If I look historically, I can't find a quarter in the last 4, 5 years where it was actually up. And then how do you plan to manage the organic OpEx up until that Linear integration? 
David Zinsner: Well, I'll take the second question first, which is, very carefully, I mean, we're not looking to build or add a lot of resources right now, because we're going to inherit a lot of resources from Linear Tech, and we want to optimize that combined workforce that we're going to have going forward. So we're very, very, very cautiously managing OpEx, I would say, for the most part, keeping headcount flat. Maybe there's 1 or 2 people here or there that we need to add for one reason or the other. There is a dynamic within our compensation plan, variable compensation plan, that makes this phenomena happen every so often. And that's a situation where, on a year-over-year basis, we have pretty meaningful growth, which is a component of our variable comp. And so while, as you point out, we do a pretty good job with the fixed expenses, bringing them down in the first quarter on a sequential basis, and generally, the same thing happens with a variable compensation. In this particular quarter, that's not going to be the case because of the year-over-year component is going to actually drive a higher bonus payout. So that's really the dynamic there. Otherwise, it would have been kind of largely as you would have expected it to be managed in the first quarter. 
Ali Husain: And I think, as you mentioned, Dave, in the prepared remarks, the operating margin in the first quarter is going to be, I think, in the midpoint around 32%, just pretty strong. I think we'd have to go back 5 or 6 years to see those kinds of operating margins in the first quarter. So okay, good question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo. 
David Wong: Your B2B segments, industrial, automotive, comms, they've all swung from year-over-year declines a couple of quarters ago to solid 6% to 7% growth in October. Sounds like your January comm guidance assumes about the same. Are you seeing any subsegments of these accelerating or actually strengthening from that, that very good October level? 
David Zinsner: No, I think they're all pretty much behaving as you might expect. I mean, there are areas that we're obviously seeing just strength in general. Vince mentioned the health care space. Clearly, the aerospace and defense business has been good. Areas around IoT that we focused on have done well. There are subsegments of the auto space like ADAS and powertrains so forth. Vince mentioned the A2B platform that we have in auto for the infotainment area. So all those things are doing probably on the marginal, a little bit better, but I would say it is a very, very broad-based situation with the B2B space. And pretty much every subsegment is doing well. 
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
J. Steven Smigie: Just help me to get some quick color on LIDAR opportunity. What do you see that opportunity for you guys as? And what does your acquisition bring to the table versus some of the competition out there? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, good question. So basically, the technology we've acquired is liquid crystal optical waveguide technology. And it's a solid-state approach to a very, very difficult problem, basically using a solid-state approach to optical beam steering. And that's critical if you're going to really push the resolution of LIDAR in the future. So -- and in contrast to other beam-steering methods, for example, like MEMS mirrors, the spinners that you've seen running around Highway 101 there are optical phased arrays. The technology we've acquired doesn't have any sensitivity to vibration, for example. So technically, we got great frame rates, no blind spots, and we can randomly steer the beam as well. So this technology, we believe, puts us firmly on the LIDAR road map. And combined with our radar-based advanced driver assistance technology at 24 and 77-gig really gives us 2 of the very critical technology modalities to enable, not only greater safety, which everybody craves in transportation, but also puts us well on the path to enabling our customers to get closer to realizing autonomous driving as a major trend in the transportation sector. So that's essentially what we see. And it's a potentially beyond $1 billion semiconductor TAM for this thing for us. So it could be potentially a wave, and that's why we bought the technology. It is reasonably early stage, but with the technology is working, now we've got to get it installed and make it work in the application. 
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. 
William Stein: I'm hoping you can address the reasoning behind the greater optimism for revenue synergies, specifically is this more of an inside-out view when you sit down with engineers and think about the products that you might be able to deliver, or is it more customer-driven where you're hearing feedback that requests a combination of products, let's say. 
David Zinsner: I would say it's a combination. Vince is going to add his color if he wants. But I would say it's a combination of, clearly, the business units, call it, the engineering portion of the business units, do see opportunities for products that they could make that would be special. But I think a lot of it comes from just the sales force of the combined company looking at the other companies' portfolio and licking their chops at what they could do with that -- those products in their geographies, their customers and so forth. I think that's really where we see a lot of the kind of nearside opportunities. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think maybe as well in some -- particularly, of the larger customers, there's an open-door invitation to do more together, with the portfolios that we have on hand as well as getting our engineering teams together to figure out how to create even more value in the future together in terms of how we invest in R&D and apply it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Vivek Arya: Congrats on the great execution and the recovery in the B2B segments. My question, though, is related to the consumer segment. And what is the right way to model that segment for the next 2 years? If you were in our shoes, would you model that segment to be flat, up or down? Just given the large influence of one of your customers in that segment, it's really hard to model that. So I was just wondering how you would be modeling it if you were in our shoes. 
Vincent Roche: Well, from a top line perspective, I'd say if we could get 10% growth compounded for the next few years in that business, we'd be very, very satisfied. 
Vivek Arya: But do you see -- do you have visibility for that, Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Well, look, you really have visibility into anything. I mean, the -- we work hard on building great products. We're working very, very hard on deepening our penetration, not just in one customer, but in several customers. So it's a rapid cycle business as well. And things can change. Markets can change. Application -- or products can hit, not hit. Products get -- can even at the customer level, be brought to market or canceled. So as best we can tell, we're happy with the position we're in, in terms of the products and technology we have, the relationships we've got with the critical customers in this space. So I'm optimistic that we can grow this business at the level I've said. And time will tell. We don't know. We can't predict because, also, it's a market with relatively fickle customers on the other side of things. So -- but I think we're well positioned to pick the upside, and that's pretty much what I've got to say about it. 
David Zinsner: Yes. I mean, one thing I would add is that we do track kind of the opportunity set. And if you -- we certainly have the opportunities to do what Vince said. And it is a matter of markets and applications taking off and so forth. But from an opportunity perspective, we're optimistic about what we can do in the consumer space. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: I guess, Vince, an earlier questioner rightly pointed out that within your B2B business, industrial and auto kind of established new all-time quarterly highs in the October quarter. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the communications sector. You're still about $40 million below kind of peak revenue run rate a few years ago. I know not all of Hittite gets wrapped up into comms, but especially given the success, at least on the design side from the Hittite acquisition, I'm just kind of curious as how you view the outlook for the comms business. Why is that the business that's still kind of struggling relative to past highs? And what are kind of the growth drivers you see from here? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, well, again, I think you've got to take a very long-term view to the consumer space. We have been playing in this business from 1G into 4G. We're helping our customers with 4.5G. We're at the early stages of helping them architect 5G technologies as well. It's an important market for ADI. And with Hittite, we're able to bring a level of completeness to our customer solutions. We're seeing the growth we expected out of Hittite that we had thought was there. We're getting the growth. We're well positioned with our customers. And we're grinding out results in 4G. I think we are getting share in 4G. And on some of the older technologies, some of the 2.5, 3G technologies, clearly, there's price erosion, which offsets, to some extent, the growth that we get on 4G. But I think the customers are facing increasingly difficult challenges in this space. We're helping them solve them at an ever-increasing level of sophistication. So it's a way for the future, and we'll grind out the results quarter-by-quarter, year-by-year. And I think, as I said, we are in an increasingly good position to gain share in this space, particularly, as we begin to push our products as well towards single-chip radio solutions in future. So I think there are very few companies standing in the radial who can build a sustainable business for the long term, and ADI will be right at the top of that stack. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Caso with CLSA. 
Christopher Caso: Wonder if you could talk about what you consider to be normal seasonality for the April quarter. And I ask because last year was the first quarter of the substantial revenue from the consumer segment, but that was undergoing the inventory adjustment. If we normalize for the inventory adjustment, what would your expectations be for normal April? 
David Zinsner: Yes, it's a good question, Chris. We're kind of in new territory. So I'll take a crack at it, but don't hold it -- hold me to it. I would expect, as is typical, the industrial and automotive sectors to have pretty good sequential growth. I think the industrial sector usually has about 10%, and usually, the automotive sector is a little bit below 10%, but they're both pretty strong. Comms will do what it does. It's more cyclical than seasonal, I think, in most cases. And then the consumer business, which is the big wildcard, I'm going to guess that it's down probably the same kind of level sequentially, as it was in the first quarter, probably in the 30%, plus or minus, or something like that in the second quarter again, and then, of course, we'll have a rebound after that in the third and fourth quarter as it seasonally does. But hard to say, but that would be my guess. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: I had a question on your incremental gross margins. I think, for the October quarter, on a year-over-year basis, most of your revenue growth dropped through to the gross margin line. And also for the January quarter, if we take the midpoint of your revenue and gross margin guide, again, I think, close to 90% or 100% of your revenue growth is dropping through the bottom line. So I guess, I'm curious, is this just product mix? Or are there other factors at play here? 
David Zinsner: Yes, I mean, drop-through works when there isn't a lot of, like, changes going on around working capital and so forth. And I think that's kind of masking things a bit. Like, for example, in the fourth quarter, as I talked about, we had this inventory release, which drove up the gross margin. So you have to kind of strip that away before you even look at it. And then in the first quarter, we are -- because we normally have this kind of utilization to climb in the first quarter, we're not going to have that because it's such -- the really good discipline we had through the year, this year, in terms of inventory management. It's at a utilization level that's kind of atypical for us. So I'm not sure drop-through is the best way to look at it. It's more a function of -- at least in the first quarter, it's more a function of utilization levels. And they're going to be in the kind of mid- to high 60s, and that's going to be really beneficial, relative to where we were last year at this time, which is kind of unusual for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: I was hoping to revisit the earlier comments regarding a 10% CAGR for consumer. If you look at your top customer in that bucket, I think 13% of your total revs in fiscal '16, that would imply your other consumer business declined about 25% year-on-year. So curious, the 10% CAGR, is that a reflection of your vision to rising content at your very large customer there? Or is it a reflection of seeing greater breadth with other consumer customers as you look out over the next 1, 2, 3 years? 
Vincent Roche: Well, I think it's a combination of all of the above. I mean, it's a long-term prediction. We have -- as I said, we've certainly got the customer engagements. No, we have the -- we've got the technologies and products. And I think we're solving problems that really matter. So what I'm indicating is that to my mind, it's probably more about how the market performs than individual, if you like, dynamics around engagements and individual customers. So it's really more about the market. So I think what we're talking about is the long-term expectation. We're investing at a rate that should enable us to get those kind of growth rates. And I will say as well that we have funded our B2B businesses. I mean, we're spending more than 90% of the company's R&D on our B2B businesses to make sure that we drive growth and capture the opportunity that's available to us in those sectors. So we're all the time making trade-offs in investment between the various applications in the B2B area, and we're very carefully picking up the vital few opportunities in consumer, where we think our technology makes an enormous difference to the user experience. 
Ali Husain: C.J., just a clarification. The outside of the portables business within consumer -- so outside of portables, consumer was up sequentially and was about stable to the prior year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Romit Shah with Instinet. 
Romit Shah: Just regarding the merger, it sounds like early indications are good. But one of the things that's come up is just employee retention. Something to that extent was mentioned in the proxy. And one of the -- for some of us who have followed Linear over the years know that it's kind of a different culture, less COGS [ph] company. So I'm just curious, how are you guys incentivizing the Linear people to stay at the organization? And Dave, as we put our merger models together, should we assume that OpEx and stock comp sort of step up on a like-for-like basis after the deal closes? 
David Zinsner: Well, we do have -- we have a retention plan in place for them. So near term, we're not too worried about it. But I mean, I would tell you that my own view on this, Vince, probably can opine, is that engineers stay with the company or come to a company based on what they're doing and whether they're doing exciting things and -- or branded the opportunity to work on really difficult problems and do amazing things. And that's the environment we intend to create for both the ADI and Linear Tech engineers. So I'm not particularly worried about it. No, we're -- our compensation plan in the near term for ADI and Linear Tech people is to maintain what both of them have. Over time, they'll be homogenized, but I think, in a way that -- a manner in which we wouldn't see a negative impact of. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Just add a little more color to what Dave has said, Romit. I've spent a lot of time, as many of our leaders have, with the LTC engineering community, the business community, operations community. And we share a very similar view of the world. We understand each other's businesses very, very well. We share a very similar value system, how we believe value gets created and captured. And I think there's tremendous excitement, by the way, all through both companies, incidentally, about how we can combine the complementary technology suites of both companies to do really marvelous things in the future. And as Dave said earlier, that our sales forces are really chomping at the bit to get the 2 bags for the ADI people, to get the LT power bag and the LT salespeople to get the ADI mix signal bag and really capture the opportunity that we think is available to both of us over the next 3 or 4 years. And I think, as Dave said, part of retention is a sense of equity and fair treatment in terms of compensation, and we pay a lot of attention to that. But the soft side of the adventure that people can undertake here and work together to do amazing things into the future, solving really critical, meaningful problems of the world, that's what people want to do. And I will tell you as well, we pay a lot of attention to retention, and I'm pleased to say that things are very, very stable on both sides of the fence. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. 
Ian Ing: You mentioned pricing efficiencies helping gross margins year-over-year. I'm looking for color on that. So you have a pretty capable team in place now and for a while, and you've been -- I've been assuming you have been pricing by value of solutions. 
David Zinsner: Yes, I mean, it's basically that. I mean, we're -- as Vince mentioned, I think, in one of the questions, we're increasingly putting more and more robust technology in the products, some cases, algorithms; some cases, other software; some cases, it's just hardware. But it's just a really -- solving a really challenging problem. And what we do is work to try to get commensurate price for that value that we create. And not surprisingly, in a big organization, sometimes a little bit of that slips through the cracks. And what we've been doing over the last few years is plugging those holes. And so we're not looking to gauge our customers by any means. We're looking to find the right optimal level of price per value, and that's what we do every day. I think we've done increasingly a better job at that over time. 
Operator: Your next question is from Harsh Kumar with Stephens. 
Harsh Kumar: On that answer you gave. There seems to be some trend among semiconductor companies that they can actually get paid very well for what they're doing. Historically, it's always been downward pricing. But now, I think, some of the companies are trying to raise prices and maybe get paid fairly. I'm curious, you mentioned -- you touched upon it in the previous answer, but I'm curious where your philosophy is as a company with that. And how much of an impact did pricing have in margins for the last quarter? 
David Zinsner: Right. So I think, Harsh, I would say that some companies who have been drifting into the 40s and maybe very low 50s in terms of gross margin, they got to get a whole new kind of philosophy in place for pricing. I mean, we do have -- we already had 60-plus percent gross margin. So we were actually pretty good at executing a strategy around this. It was more just cleaning up a little bit around the edges, where we probably weren't executing as well. Hard to put a number on it for the quarter. I would say, though, that on the average, over the last, say, 4 years, our ASPs are probably up 30%, 40% probably. So it's obviously been a pretty big impact in terms of our gross margins. 
Operator: Your next question is from Cody Acree with Drexel Hamilton. 
Cody Acree: Maybe just anymore color that you could give on the Wireline business. And you made some comments about strength you're seeing in 100-gig. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, so we've a reasonably significant business in the optical space in providing precision measurement and control for the various parts of the optical system. So it's grown well for the company over several years. And I think as the need for data center infrastructure buildout continues, medium and long-haul, backhaul connectivity continues to be pressured. We see it as a good bet for the future and probably at the higher end of the spectrum of growth that we have put into our model. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS. 
Stephen Chin: I had a quick question on wireless infrastructures. I know that was down in the quarter. Was that broad-based softness in that business? Or was the -- were there any pockets of positive demand? And also related, how would you characterize the current, I guess, the level of rollout to 4G and 4.5G? Are there any more greenfield upgrade opportunities left around the world in the next couple of years? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I guess, in the quarter, the macro base station and the backhaul were down for the quarter. Our small selectivity was up. And I think China is reasonably strong. And our transceiver pipeline, by the way, across the board -- not just in base station technology, but across the board, is continuing to build a nice pipeline of opportunity. And also, we're converting the pipeline into decent revenue. I think we're still in the reasonably -- I mean, 4G is going to be around for a long, long time to come. It's -- the largest part of the world, by the way, is still on 2, 2.5 and 3G networks. So 4G will have a long life ahead of it. And as I said, we'll be grinding out share gains there in an increasingly fitting atmosphere here, if you like, in terms of suppliers. 5G is on its way. As I said, we're in the earlier stages of helping our customers to architect platform solutions. But yes, I think it's going to be many, many years out yet. So I think it will be -- I don't expect to see capital deployments from the carriers change an awful lot. So I think it'll be a slow and steady increase in the build-out of 4G. And I think that will be the environment till we get to 5G and see another specific step function ramp here. 
Ali Husain: All right. Thanks, Stephen. That looks like it's the end of the call. We had a good quarter. The deal here for Linear Tech continues to stay on track, progressing well here for a close. Inventory, as Dave has talked about, is in great shape, gives us good gross margin leverage going into 2017. Our business is now showing some really good momentum, especially in the B2B markets. You guys saw the results of some pretty strong operational execution this quarter, with our free cash flow margins up pretty significantly. So we appreciate you guys calling in, and we'll look to talk to you soon. Thanks. 
David Zinsner: Happy Thanksgiving. 
Vincent Roche: Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-08-16 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the web. 
 I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Ali Husain, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Ali Husain: All right. Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the Analog Devices Third Quarter FY '16 Earnings Conference Call. You can find our press release, relating financial schedules and our investor toolkit, which includes additional information that we believe will be useful for investors, you can find that at investor.analog.com. As usual, I'm joined by ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Dave Zinsner. 
 And so before we start, let's get through some disclosures. Please note, the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives, outlook and the proposed acquisition of Linear Technology Corporation, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we have reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, in today's earnings release, which we've posted at investor.analog.com. And so with that, let's get started.
 So revenue in the third quarter totaled $870 million and exceeded our revised guidance. Revenue increased 12% sequentially and increased 1% from the prior year. Our B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure in the aggregate were slightly down sequentially, but grew 4% over the prior year. 
 Now let's talk about our results by end market. The highly diverse industrial market represented 43% of revenue in the third quarter. All industrial subsectors were stable to up sequentially, in line with expectations. But the timing of customer orders in the aerospace and defense vertical led to a weaker-than-anticipated performance in this sector in the quarter. The automotive market at 15% of revenue decreased 2% sequentially in the seasonally slower July quarter, but importantly, returned to year-over-year growth, increasing 3%. We believe the headwinds from the passive safety market have largely abated. And we're, in fact, very excited about our prospects for automotive revenue growth going forward.
 Turning now to the communications infrastructure market. At 20% of revenue, sales to our hundreds of communications infrastructure customers were stable sequentially and grew 23% year-over-year. On a sequential basis, wireless infrastructure decreased, while wireline infrastructure applications revenue increased as customers continue to build out metro and inter-data center network infrastructure for 100-gig and 100-gig-plus optical networking.
 Turning now to the consumer market. The consumer market typically drives significant ROI and free cash flow for ADI. And this market represented 21% of total sales in the quarter, increasing 131% sequentially. The strong sequential performance was due to better-than-anticipated portable consumer application revenue.
 So now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the third quarter of fiscal '16. With the exception of revenue and other expense, Dave's comments on our third quarter P&L line items will exclude special items, which, in the aggregate, totaled $28 million for the quarter. When comparing our third quarter performance to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior quarter and year-over-year results. And reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their comparable GAAP measures are included on Schedule E in today's earnings release. 
 So with that, Dave, I'll turn it over to you. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Ali, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter was a very good quarter for ADI, with revenue increasing to $870 million and diluted earnings per share growing to $0.82, with both results exceeding our revised guidance.
 Gross margin of 66% increased 20 basis points from the prior quarter as cost savings and lower spend in the fabs offset lower utilization rates and mix. Inventory, on a dollars basis, decreased $7 million sequentially and, on a days basis, decreased 16 days to 122 days. We're now expecting days of inventory to decline further in the fourth quarter and to be in the range of 110 to 115 days, in line with our model.
 Inventory and distribution channel on a dollars basis was modestly higher than in the prior quarter and, on a weeks basis, remained at 7 weeks, consistent with the prior quarter.
 Operating expenses increased 2% sequentially, lagging well behind the 12% sequential increase in revenue, as we continue to manage our expenses very tightly and gain operating leverage in our financial model. As a result, operating profit before tax of $296 million increased 24% sequentially. And as a percent of sales, operating profit before tax expanded 330 basis points to 34.1%.
 Other expense in the third quarter was approximately $12 million. Given our recently announced acquisition of Linear Tech and related financing costs, we expect that our net interest expense will be approximately $20 million in the fourth quarter and remain at that quarterly run rate until we close the transaction.
 Our third quarter tax rate was approximately 10% as we adjusted our full year tax rate down slightly to 12%. Excluding special items, our business delivered strong operating leverage, with diluted earnings per share of $0.82 increasing 28% sequentially on a 12% increase in revenue. Diluted EPS increased 6% over the prior year.
 At the end of the third quarter, our cash and short-term investment balance was $3.8 billion, with $860 million available domestically. We had approximately $1.8 billion in debt outstanding, which resulted in a net cash position of $2 billion.
 Our business strategy and consistent financial execution enable strong free cash flow generation, which supports investments in our business and the return of cash to shareholders. Excluding a onetime item, over the past 12 months, ADI has generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow, effectively converting each dollar of revenue into $0.32 of free cash flow, at the very high end of our free cash flow model range. In the third quarter alone, free cash flow margins expanded 600 basis points as compared to the prior year.
 In terms of cash returns to shareholders, over the past 12 months, we have returned approximately $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, which represents a 90% free cash flow payout.
 I want to now take a minute to talk about our capital allocation philosophy in light of the recently announced Linear Tech acquisition. As we mentioned when we announced the deal, the combined companies' pro forma free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis ending April 2016 would have increased from $1 billion to $1.7 billion. After the deal closes, we plan to use our combined cash generation to rapidly pay down the debt associated with the transaction. As a result, we anticipate our net debt to EBITDA to go from 3.8x at deal close to approximately 2x net debt to EBITDA within 3 years of the transaction closing, which translates into an approximate $1 billion per year expected debt paydown schedule. In order to facilitate this rapid deleveraging, we have suspended our share repurchase program. That said, the dividend remains a cornerstone of our capital allocation philosophy, and we intend to maintain our dividend policy.
 So in summary, this was a solid quarter on several fronts. We executed well in our business. And the diversity of our customers, applications and markets, coupled with the sustainability of our innovation, enabled both revenue and diluted earnings per share to exceed our revised guidance. We're also very excited about the acquisition of Linear Tech, which we announced during the quarter. And I'll invite Vince to come on and say a few words in a minute.
 Now turning to our outlook and expectations for the fourth quarter, which, with the exception of revenue expectations, is on a non-GAAP basis and excludes special items that are outlined in today's release. We're planning for another quarter of sequential revenue growth in the fourth quarter. In the B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure, we are planning for aggregate demand to remain stable sequentially and, on a year-over-year basis, to increase in the low to mid-single digits.
 In the consumer market, strong customer demand and increasing dollar content in portable applications leads us to plan for continued sequential growth in this market. In total, we're planning for revenue in the fourth quarter to grow sequentially and be in the range of $910 million to $970 million. We expect factory utilization in the fourth quarter to be similar to its third quarter level as we manage our days of inventory. And so we are planning for gross margins in the fourth quarter to decrease approximately 50 basis points to 65.5% on the expected mix of business.
 We are planning for operating expenses in the fourth quarter to increase slightly sequentially but to significantly lag our expected sequential revenue growth in the fourth quarter and for operating margins to expand from their third quarter levels. Based on these estimates and excluding any special items, diluted earnings per share are planned to be in the range of $0.84 to $0.94.
 Now before we move on to Q&A, I'd like to invite Vince to say a few words about the recently announced Linear Tech combination. Vince? 
Vincent Roche: Great. Thanks, Dave. Well, as you know, late last month, we announced an agreement to acquire Linear Technology Corporation. This is a transformative acquisition that brings together the 2 best franchises in the analog industry and, once we combine our highly complementary portfolios, will make us a market leader across all major analog product categories.
 Following last month's announcement, I have personally heard from many customers, from employees and shareholders, and the response has been overwhelmingly positive. Our customers are excited to gain access to a comprehensive portfolio of the best brands in high-performance analog, the industry's best design engineers and FAE support and the best-in-class supply chain all under one roof and with our continued commitment to the long-term support of our customers.
 Our employees as well are very excited by the opportunities created by combining our 2 complementary suites of high-performance analog products and technologies. Beyond that, both companies have long admired the technical expertise and acumen of the other. And our teams are looking forward to the collaboration and innovation possibilities when combining 2 of the best engineering teams on the planet.
 ADI and Linear are 2 amazing companies with very storied histories and vibrant cultures, and we plan to take the best of both companies to create something much greater than the sum of the parts. We have many ties that bind us. We both believe that innovation and the passion for our customer success drive superior business results. And we share an intense focus on operational excellence across quality, reliability, supply chain and, of course, financial returns.
 As a result of this combination, our financial profile is expected to be among the best in the industry with strong margins and free cash flow, which we expect will increase over time as we realize the financial synergies and cross-selling opportunities inherent in this transaction. And as Dave mentioned, ADI's anticipated free cash flow generation is expected to increase significantly from current levels.
 We believe that this combination is good for all of our stakeholders. For customers, it will create a true innovation and support partner that is unmatched in the industry. For employees, it will create a tremendous opportunity for professional growth and the ability to help redefine an industry. And for shareholders, this acquisition will further diversify our end-market exposure and strengthen our business and financial profile. Notably, we expect this transaction to be immediately accretive to earnings and free cash flow and anticipate non-GAAP EPS accretion of 10% right out of the gates.
 There is no other team of people out there who could accomplish what we believe Analog and Linear will accomplish together. And I'm very excited to get started on the next phase of our journey together. 
 And so with that, we'll now start taking your questions. 
Ali Husain: All right. Great. Thanks, Vince. [Operator Instructions] So we plan to run the call until 11:00, and so I think that's plenty of time to get to everyone's questions. So with that, operator, let's start the Q&A session. Folks on the line can ask questions to either myself, Vince or Dave. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I had a quick clarification and then my question. Clarification. Dave, you mentioned on the dividend policy, you have been raising dividend consistently for as long as I can remember. You did mean to imply that you would be raising dividend consistently like you have in the past. And then my question on autos. Good to see the headwind from MEMS kind of abating. What are the areas that you are excited about as you alluded to that you should expect to see growth in that segment? 
David Zinsner: Okay. I'll take the dividend question, and I'll let Vince comment on the areas of automotive that we're excited about. On the dividend policy, as you know, our model is to grow our dividend over time at a rate of 5% to 10%, and that continues to be our model. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So okay, on the automotive side, we play in 3, I would say, premier spaces where innovation really matters. We play in powertrain. And there, for example, we have new sensor technology. We have an ongoing stream of growth in the battery management area. And we have new modality switches, AMR, for example, managing -- or measuring very, very accurately, sensing -- measuring torque, for example, which is an important modality in the car. Also, our audio infotainment solutions are becoming more and more adopted across many, many platforms across the OEMs in the global market. Now for example, recently, we saw that -- you probably saw Ford announce our -- we've talked to you before about this A2B bus, a very, very efficient, high-integrity bus that's being used in the car to move media -- audio media. Ford just announced, with our brand, the inclusion of that technology in 2 of their particular car models. We have talked before as well about the growth of ADAS. We have a very strong position in 24-gigahertz radar solutions, microwave to bits. And we're starting to move with some very attractive solutions as well in the 77-gigahertz radar area. So I think we have a good spread of technologies across the various car platforms, using our underlying strength in sensing, measuring and interpreting in both the precision signal processing area as well as the very, very high-speed signal processing area. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Vince, and thanks, Ambrish, for the question. I think, Ambrish, you do highlight a good point, which is if you actually look at our automotive business, excluding the passive safety area, we've actually grown that business in the high single digits year-over-year in the quarter. And I think that really speaks to the additional content that we're getting into vehicles now, as Vince mentioned, and that we're really excited about going forward as well. So thanks for the question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: So my question is on the consumer business, so up 130% sequentially. Can you just talk about the dynamics there, how we should think about that business here in the back half of the year? Clearly, a very volatile business. But yes, if there's anything you can add on the actual trends in the second half, that'd be great. 
David Zinsner: So Tore, you mean trends in terms of how it's going to do next quarter, you mean? 
Tore Svanberg: Well, just obviously, 130% is not the actual rate growth of that business. So how should we think about the volatility? 
David Zinsner: Yes. I would say in the fourth quarter, it's certainly going to be up again. That's going to be the driver of the sequential growth, probably in high-20s, low-30s percent sequentially. Then the next quarter -- last year, we declined about 60%, I think, sequentially, but that was -- partially, it's due obviously to seasonality. And then the other part of it is that there was a build of inventory last year at the end of fourth quarter, and we had that kind of consumption of that inventory in the channel that affected demand for us. This year, I think we have a closer linkage between supply and demand here on the consumer side. And so I would expect us to decline seasonally in the first quarter but only seasonally. I don't think we would have this kind of ramp-down due to over-inventory -- overbuild in the inventory side of things in the supply chain. So it's probably going to be roughly half the rate of what we saw last year sequentially. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think the way to look at this market overall, Tore, we take a long-term view to the consumer market, like we do to all the markets in which we participate. So we're picking out -- with our customers, we're picking the hardest problems to solve. We're pointing our technology at these problems, and we look for areas where we can get sustainability from generation to generation. So we take a long-term view, and then the market will do what the market does in terms of gyration. But I think in the areas that we're playing, we're executing well, and we've got some very, very exciting technologies in the pipeline as well for the future here. 
Ali Husain: Yes, great. Thanks, Tore. That was a great question. And then I'd just point out, as I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, that business for ADI drives a very strong ROI, a very strong free cash flow business for the company. And if you note that certainly consumer grew 131% or so sequentially, the operating margins for the company also expanded -- for the entire company, expanded well over 300 basis points as a result. So a great business to be in if you pick your spot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. 
Tristan Gerra: Just a quick follow-up on the consumer question. You've talked about some content increase. Can you quantify this sort of a mid-single-digit content increase relative to what you had last year? 
David Zinsner: It's about 30%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: As you work towards the Linear Tech deal, can you just give us an update on just the Hittite integration, kind of how it's going versus initial expectations a couple of years ago, and then also just from a cross-selling perspective, how that's performed and the opportunities that you have? 
David Zinsner: Okay. So I'll talk about it from an operational standpoint, and then Vince can talk big picture about how it's gone. Just operationally, I would say we're pretty much fully integrated. We had expectations to get synergies that would drive the kind of accretion up into the kind of high teens. And that actually -- we've actually been successful with that. In fact, we're actually a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be from an expense perspective. From a revenue pipeline perspective, we have seen a lot of activity in terms of design-ins, in some case, design wins where we have been either able to take products that Hittite sold and bring them into our customer base or actually vice versa. For example, in the case of the military business, they have actually been able to bring ADI parts into their customer base. And that's going quite well. I would say that's exceeding our expectations. I wouldn't say that it's shown up significantly on the revenue line just yet, nor do we expect it to. This is -- these are markets that have long design levels. But from everything we can tell, just looking at how the activity has transpired from the time we closed until to where we are today, we think we're ahead of where we thought we would be. I don't know if you have anything to add. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, that's good color, Dave. I think we're approaching the LTC combination very much as we did with Hittite. We -- I think with both Hittite and LTC, we share the same values essentially. We're very innovation-centered with very, very high standards in terms of how we execute in supply chain, quality and financial returns. And that's not negotiable. That's what we strive for in these combinations. Obviously, the cultures are different, but I view the cultural diversity as an opportunity to improve both companies. There -- when you get world-class companies who have been doing things very, very well as they were independently, you have got to listen very, very carefully to and understand what each side has been doing and do your best to combine the entities to create something greater than the sum of the parts. We did that with Hittite. We -- and that's the approach we're taking as well with LTC. And when I look at the combination of Hittite with ADI, for example, with our customers in communications infrastructure, broad-based communications activity, in the instrumentation, the aerospace and defense areas, it's really exciting to see how we're now solving big problems from end to end. We are -- we've got unique capabilities. I think we are probably the only high-performance microwave-to-bit supplier out there that can run the gamut of technologies and solve big-footprint radio problems for our customers. So I think, obviously, with LTC, we get the real strength that they bring in the power area and some in the mixed signal areas and in the little niches. So my sense is we will take the very same approach as we did with Hittite. We've learned a lot as well through the process. And we will, as I said, listen very, very carefully to making sure that we understand the best practices and that we use them across technology, product development, supply chain, quality and customer support, of course. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. 
Christopher Danely: So if we incorporate your guidance for the individual product segments for the fiscal Q4 for fiscal '16, I think comm, industrial and auto are all essentially flat. So what sort of growth would we expect for those 3 segments? And you can just do relative, if you want, for fiscal '17. And then how much would consumer be up -- would be expected to be up for fiscal '17? 
David Zinsner: Difficult to say at this point how all this stuff is going to transpire. We actually haven't done our plan -- our annual operating plan for 2017 yet, which is due to happen in the next couple of months. I would say that our expectation is that the industrial market grows normally in kind of the mid-single digits, kind of GDP plus a little. So I think that's kind of how we're building it. Whether that happens in '17 probably has more to do with how the macro does than anything. But I think it's a good rule of thumb to think about that growing in those kind of rates. Automotive, I think, over time, should be back into the levels that Ali talked about at the subsegments, which is to grow in the high single digits. It's been weighed down a bit, obviously, by this passive safety business kind of coming off. And -- but that's kind of running its course. It's ceased to be that the driver for automotive is to stay flat. It's still going to be a little bit of a headwind, although a smaller headwind into next year. But I think automotive has a chance to start to move. I think it grew a few percent or will have grown a few percent this year, probably grows mid-single digits next year and probably goes up to the high single digits the following year given all of the exciting opportunities we have that Vince talked about. In the comms space, it's anybody's guess, I think. Over time, we think that our technology, which is ahead of competitors, will allow us to drive share gains in that market. And so even if the market itself, the CapEx environment or the comm infrastructure market is kind of really low single-digit CapEx increases year-over-year, we think we will grow faster than that because of our position in that marketplace. And then the consumer market, obviously, it was down -- or should be down, most likely, year-over-year this year as we won't have the same inventory build we had last year, which kind of hit us this year. But I think next year has an opportunity to have a pretty decent year because this year was actually weighed down by the fact that they were digesting inventory in the first half of the year. Next year, that won't be the case. On top of that, we'll get the full year effect of the dollar-content improvements in the -- that we got this -- at the end of this year. And so we're cautiously optimistic about the consumer business having a decent year next year. 
Operator: And your next question is from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: So Dave, I was hoping you could just comment on the ends of the outlook range on revenues. Is the gap between the low end and the high end just allowing for a still uncertain macro? Or is it related to allowances in any of the segments for different types of build plan assumptions? And any color on what would swing things to the low end or high end would be greatly appreciated. 
David Zinsner: Yes. Good question, Craig. A part of it is the fact that consumer tends to have a little bit of uncertainty built in. We come in with quite a bit of backlog. But sometimes that backlog can shift around towards the end of the quarter a little bit, and that can affect the quarter number, even though it doesn't affect kind of the full build plan over time. The other piece was you just have to build a little bit of cushion in for kind of a macro uncertainty that might hit us at some point. We don't expect that, which is why kind of the middle of the range is a pretty decent increase. But we did build in some cushion, just in case something kind of surprised us. But I would tell you that we come in, in a very good position from a backlog perspective. And so although we gave a wide range, we feel pretty good about them hitting the middle part of that range. And if things go better than that, we could hit the higher end of the range. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC. 
Amit Daryanani: So just a question on the industrial side. Sounds like part of the year-over-year decline was driven by this aerospace and defense orders getting pushed out and the timing getting pushed out. Could you just talk about what sort of revenue did you end up missing in July quarter because of that? And is it logical to assume that you'd pick this back up in the October quarter and you could see better growth in the industrial segment in that case? 
David Zinsner: Yes. So the industrial weakness was really -- as Ali actually mentioned, it was really specific to the aerospace and defense. That's programmatic. Sometimes in certain particular quarters, they may not take as much as we have forecasted just by the timing of the programs. We do expect that to resume in the fourth quarter, come back in the fourth quarter. And that was really the most significant impact. We didn't really expect industrial to have significant improvement sequentially. So it's not altogether surprising that we were down $10 million, but it was in that kind of range that -- where the miss occurred. On the automotive side, I would say we kind of hit where we thought we would. We thought we would be down around 3%. I think we're down sequentially down 2%. So we did, actually, marginally better than we expected in the automotive space. So that's going, I would say, better than expected. 
Ali Husain: Yes. And let me just give you a little color on the industrial segment, if I can, Amit. I mean, really, everything within the industrial space performed as we'd expected. Everything was stable to slightly up sequentially. Let me give you a little more color then. In North America, we had a good quarter in factory automation. We believe that's driven by stabilization in the oil and gas space. In China, renewable energy did particularly well. And as Dave mentioned, the aerospace and defense area was -- hit a bit of an air pocket this quarter. But I think if you look at it on a trailing 12-month basis, that business has actually done very, very well for ADI. And really, the acquisition of Hittite has really, as Vince mentioned earlier, reinvigorated that business for us. We've got a guy who's running that business, who's doing an amazing job with what I think is a pretty expansive portfolio in that area. So we think A&D is actually a growth market for us going forward. And there -- in there, the customers are really looking at these old mechanical systems that are expensive. And they're looking to replace them with higher performance, cheaper silicon solutions, and that really increases our content meaningfully in those systems over time. So I think, looking at any of these markets in a quarter, particularly in lumpy markets, can be fraught with peril. I think, if you take a longer-term view, I think these markets are doing pretty nicely for ADI. So well, appreciate the question. 
Operator: Your next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: I guess in the current quarter, and you're mentioning about $10 million offset from the aero, but you had originally guided the B2B business up in the mid- to upper single digits. $10 million differential still wouldn't quite get you there. So I'm wondering what other areas in the quarter were potentially weaker than you thought. And I was also hoping if you could give us a little more color on a segment basis for what you expect for next quarter beyond just the aggregate platform [ph]. 
David Zinsner: Right. Well, the other area that was a little less than planned was the communications market. It declined about 1%, I think, sequentially. We expected that business to be up this quarter. I would say that was customer-specific. There was one particular customer that did quite a bit weaker than expected. 
Vincent Roche: On the wireless side. 
David Zinsner: On the wireless side. And there was some color around India, pushing out some of their infrastructure build-outs that may have contributed to that. That was the other area that surprised us. And then your other part of your question, Stacy, is how I expect the end markets to play out in the fourth quarter. I would think that -- we mentioned B2B was likely to be flat. I think the combination of industrial and auto is likely to be up a bit, and I think communications might be marginally weaker. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. 
Blayne Curtis: Dave, you guided interest income up throughout -- until the close of the deal. Could just talk about what debt you're adding and at what interest rate? And does that come off the $7.3 billion that you're planning on raising to acquire Linear? 
David Zinsner: Yes. It's really just the -- so when we executed the agreement with Linear Tech to purchase Linear, we had to enter into an underwriting commitment with a set of banks to provide -- so that the funding was essentially guaranteed. We haven't drawn any of the money, but banks don't agree to do that without you agreeing to pay them something. So the step-up from what was about $12 million a quarter up to what is going to be around $20 million, give or take, is really that cost of them providing that commitment, even though we haven't borrowed anything. That then goes away once we enter into the agreement with -- or rather, close the deal with Linear Tech. And then there'll be a new financing cost, obviously, which is actually the drawn down amount, which, as I indicated, was going to be around 3% pretax on what will start out being $11 billion but quickly paid down to about $7 billion, $7.5 billion. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: Just want to ask a question on the communications area. That -- in past calls, you've been pretty bullish about the expectations there. I know you talked about the wireless being weak in both the quarter, and it seems like even in the guide you're talking comms being a little bit weaker. Can you talk about any confidence or what level of confidence you have in that communications segment growing going forward? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question. So we look at the comms infrastructure market, in general, as it's a very important market for ADI. And as always, we take a long-term view to how we invest, how we pick our spots and how we invest there. So we're solving radio problems for our customers, I believe, with the level of completeness that is quite unique. And with the addition of Hittite to our portfolio, we're very well positioned in microwave to bits. And of course, with the addition of the Linear portfolio, we're able to attach the high-performance power products, which will enable us to even offer more complete solutions to our customers. So I think the way to look at this market, whatever happens with the short-term gyrations, the challenges that our customers are facing are really immense. The problems are getting harder and harder from generation to generation. They're trying to solve the ongoing problem, the spectral efficiency, information integrity, power efficiency, and those problems will persist. And we're in a better position than ever to solve these problems. So the markets are going to gyrate. It's very, very hard to predict. It's quite a lumpy business, as we always say. It's hard to predict quarter-to-quarter what's going to happen. But we view the whole comms infrastructure area as really the electricity of the modern economy. And the things that are under our control, how we innovate, how we engage with our customers, we're doing better there than ever. We continue to make improvements and I believe we're poised to take share. So whatever the market does, we're poised to take share as the years move on here. So I think that's the way to view communications infrastructure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: So within your broad-based industrial business, can you just talk about the geographical dimensions you saw in Q3? I know you touched upon some specific product drivers in certain geographies, but maybe just touch upon sort of the broad geographical trends, particularly China since I think your industrial business in China has been a strong driver over the last couple of quarters. And then maybe touch upon what's implied within the fourth quarter industrial guidance, again, from a geographical perspective. 
Ali Husain: Sure. Good question, Harlan. Let me take that one. Okay, so by region, I'd say North America and Europe were a little bit weaker sequentially. And as I mentioned earlier, even though factory automation was quite strong in North America, our A&D business tends to be more focused in North America. And so as a result of that being weak, North America being a weaker region for us in the industrial space. China was very strong. Again, as you mentioned, it's a key area for us in the industrial space. That was strong on instrumentation applications, Smart City and energy-type applications. Then as I mentioned earlier, in North America, factory automation was pretty strong on stable oil and gas. As we look forward to the fourth quarter, it's actually an interesting question that you posed because, generally speaking, the fourth quarter for industrial tends to be down in the mid-single digits. This time, we're expecting industrial to be pretty stable to the third quarter level. And there's a few reasons for that, why we're feeling, I guess, relatively bullish on that market in the next quarter. The aerospace and defense sector, we expect to come back a little bit in the following quarter. And frankly, if you look at the orders in distribution, they're currently pretty strong. And I think if you compare that to some of the outlooks painted by some of the larger distributors out there, their book-to-bills are trending at parity or above parity, so that would support the strong flows we're seeing in distribution. So as a result, I think when you package up all those disparate points, we come up with a view that next quarter, the industrial market should be pretty stable to its third quarter levels here. So hopefully that answered the question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Cody Acree with Drexel Hamilton. 
Cody Acree: With the Linear acquisition, what are your long-term thoughts on your capacity needs and how that might impact margins? 
David Zinsner: Well, we'll have 4 fabs on a combined basis, and so we'll have plenty of capacity for the future demand of the business. We've had utilization down this quarter, expected to be down next quarter, probably it'd be down again in the first -- at this level, in the first quarter again. And then it steps up a bit. Their utilization is actually pretty good. So I think that, for the foreseeable future, I think we feel pretty good about what our capacity looks like. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think job #1, when you think about fabs and foundry, job #1 is to make sure that across the huge breadth of SKUs that we've got that are very, very important to, particularly, our industrial and B2B customers, job #1 is to make sure we have no supply chain disruptions whatsoever. We both -- both LTC and ADI have -- we got very, very high scores for being able to supply a huge diversity of products over very, very long periods of time. That's a tremendous value to our customers. So job #1 is to make sure that we don't diminish that value in any way. And as Dave said, we manage utilizations on a dynamic basis to make sure that we match supply and demand, and that will continue to be the way. 
Ali Husain: Yes, and I think it's worthy of mentioning here. This transaction is to better serve our customers, so let's not lose sight of that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo. 
David Wong: Can you give us some idea in the longer run how 5G might affect your content opportunity in comms infrastructure? Is there any additional opportunity or are the systems is essentially the same? 
Vincent Roche: Well, the -- apparently, the demand for spectral efficiency is going to increase several orders of magnitude. And one of the methods that we're going to use to get there, obviously, the bandwidth has got to increase, but the -- we're going to be moving well into the microwave area. So the complexity of the problem is going to significantly increase in terms of all the things that we've been talking about, in terms of spectral efficiency, power management, power efficiency, obviously, cost per bit and so on and so forth. So with each successive generation, there has been more pressure on the technology to deliver ever-increasing levels of, as our customers would say, productivity, innovation productivity. So our belief, David, is that we're looking at orders of magnitude of complexity increase, which will continue to put pressure on our technology. But that's in our wheelhouse. That's what we like. We like hard problems to solve. That's what we build our business on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Dave, I wanted to go back to the consumer business. If I look at a year-over-year compare, July quarter, consumer was down about 10%. The midpoint of your guidance is down close to 20% year-over-year, and notwithstanding sort of the inventory issues last year, I would have thought the July quarter would have been a more difficult compare quarter, because my understanding was that July last year benefited from builds beginning early in the quarter, throughout the quarter. And this year, the July quarter really only benefited from the month of July build for handsets. And so I'm kind of -- hoping you can kind of help circle -- or square the circle there for me as to why year-over-year growth would be so much worse in the October quarter than the July quarter in the consumer business. 
David Zinsner: Yes, I mean, simply put, John, we just had an inventory build that was pretty significant in the fourth quarter, and we do not expect hopefully to have that happen this time around. It'll be more closely aligned with demand. I would say that we do have a range, and as you get to the higher end of the range, that would suggest a lower or a, I guess, a lower year-over-year decline, yes, I guess, would be the way to describe it. So that's obviously a possibility, but not what we've built into the plan or the midpoint in the forecast. 
John Pitzer: And Dave, did the July quarter only benefit from builds in the month of July, or did builds happen earlier in July quarter than we thought -- or than you initially thought on the last conference call? 
David Zinsner: No, it was definitely more of a July ramp in the third quarter. I would say that probably on a weekly basis, it was probably at a higher level than it was last year on a direct compare of the months of July for this year and last year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. 
William Stein: A quick one around the Linear acquisition. First, can you remind us of the timing -- expected timing to close? And Dave, can you also sort of relate your early experiences coming to ADI and then also your experiences working to help integrate Hittite? And maybe string a narrative as to the types of things we should expect to hear around integration when that begins. 
David Zinsner: Okay. I'll let Ali talk about the timing piece. 
Ali Husain: So yes. No, I realize that question is top of mind regarding timing, but we're not going to comment on the regulatory approval process at this stage. You'll see the conditions to the closing of the transaction, including required regulatory filings, they're all going to be in the Form S-4 registration statement and the proxy statement that ADI and Linear will be filing in connection with the merger in the upcoming weeks. So that takes care of the timing, Dave. 
David Zinsner: Good lawyered-up comment, Ali. Okay. So on the integration side, I would say -- obviously, this is going to be different. It's bigger. It's on a different coast, so it's not quite as -- it's not in our backyard. So we have that aspect to things. But I would say, fundamentally, it's going to be similar. We -- what I think we do is we buy really good companies, and really good companies don't need to be fixed. And so what we try to do is take the best aspects of each company and leverage them in the combined company to make something better than the sum of the parts. So that's really what we intend to do. We're just in the initial planning stages as we speak. We'll probably have a more formalized plan as we work with our compatriots over there at Linear Tech to help form a good integration plan together. And I think that will take the better part of the rest of our fiscal year to really kind of come to conclusion on. And then once we do have, I think, a more clear plan, we'll definitely communicate that to investors and to analysts. But at the moment, I think just our fundamental premise is take the best of both companies and make a better company is really how it's going to -- the main ethos of the integration. I think it's going to go well. I think we did a great job at Hittite doing those same things. And every integration is different, but I think the elements of that process are pretty much going to be the way we approach it this time. And so I suspect it's going to be a really great combination. Just the early reads from every customer we've heard from, our employees as we've been able to talk clearly about -- to the Linear Tech, we haven't got to every Linear Tech employee yet, but the ones we have talked to, I think they get the excitement of what this could mean. And so I think it's going to be a tremendous combination. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
J. Steven Smigie: Great. Vince, I was hoping you could maybe give a high-level strategy comment on ADI. Obviously, you've been very strong over the years in analog-to-digital converters, good amplifier portfolio with Linear adding, as you mentioned, fantastic power. And so it seems you've got pretty much the soup-to-nuts, great stuff on Analog, as we think about increasing IoT applications out there, which, traditionally, hasn't been a big market for you guys, but -- so we think about that starting to invest more in digital makes sense, maybe ramping up investment in DSP, just curious your high-level thoughts on where you go after you've got the complete Analog portfolio here. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, great question. Good question, Steve. So yes, we view the IoT, it's the kind of latest marketing buzz in the world of semiconductors today. But we view IoT as really an extension of the things we already do. So there's a need for precise sensing, precise signal conditioning and conversion at ultra-low power levels. And there's -- our customers are asking us for -- to be able to take some of the bits we generate and develop information to interpret the bits and give them information, which we do in areas, for example, like reliable health care monitoring. So I think the way to view it is we've got a platform of technologies that we apply to industrial applications, take industrial automation, for example. So we've got the conversion technology, signal conditioning, amplification. We've got processing both on the DSP side. We've fixed-function processing that we develop. We're quite a larger user of ARM technologies, for example. A lot of our products now use MCUs, very, very low-power MCUs which we tailor for our applications. We've the RF technologies that we can bring to bear for the connectivity. And obviously, power management is a core part of the overall solution as well. So the underlying foundation of silicon technologies will be supplemented over time with more algorithmic technology. And Lyric, for example, that we acquired several years ago, is a key player in enabling us to bring algorithmic technology to bear. We're looking at how we make each -- anything that gets connected needs security. So as connectivity in the IoT sector is synonymous, it needs security. So that's something that we're actually experimenting with. We're looking at possibilities to acquire some technology there as well. So that's -- what I've described to you is we've got a very, very broad base of technologies that are enabling ADI in our traditional markets, these more connected or IoT markets, where sensing, measuring and interpreting is very, very important. And we're looking for tuck-in technologies and organic developments to move ADI further up the stack, for example, into the interpretation using algorithmic technology as well as security and communications. So hopefully that helps you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Shankar Subramanian: This is Shankar on behalf of Vivek. A lot of good questions were asked about the segments, but I just want to ask about the OpEx side of things. You just mentioned having a tight OpEx control right now. In Q3 and Q4, you just guided to flat to up. But given Linear deal, are you going to be focused on keeping the OpEx at current levels until the deal close? Could you just talk about the trends from Q4 to middle of next year? And then how you think about the business long term? 
David Zinsner: Okay. So I think when history is written on 2016, we will have been roughly flat year-over-year in OpEx. So I think I concur with you, that's pretty good OpEx control. I think our goal is really to be largely flat next year at the ADI level. And what we'll do is, in certain cases, reprioritize our investments into areas that we're more confident around the growth levels and shift things around as appropriate and not seek to add a lot of resources, particularly as we're going to get a whole bunch of resources hopefully by the middle of next year in the form of Linear Tech employees. So that's kind of the goal. It likely means that OpEx normally comes down in the first quarter just because the revenue comes down and then it pops back up in the second quarter if revenue is kind of seasonal. But kind of roughly in these kind of zip codes, plus or minus $10 million from where we are today. 
Vincent Roche: Needless to say, we're operating as 2 independent businesses until we close. So we're, all the time -- we're very opportunity-rich as a company and we're all the time looking to pick the best opportunities, make sure they're properly funded. And we're always looking for talent. So within the boundaries of an OpEx model that is spending 18% or 19% in R&D, that's what we intend to do and scale it with revenue growth over time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura. 
Krysten Sciacca: This is Krysten Sciacca for Romit. Just to go back to the consumer segment for a little bit. How did your consumer business outside of your largest North American handset customer perform? 
Ali Husain: Yes, I can take that one. It -- I would tell you, as we enter sort of the back half of the year for ADI, the consumer business has some positive seasonality. And so it actually performed quite nicely on a sequential basis and was about stable to the prior year. So hopefully, that's helpful. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. 
Ian Ing: I believe at one point, you gave a full year CapEx target of $140 million to $150 million. You're running below that. Is that because of the Linear deal perhaps getting access to some equipment and factory output and maybe some spending you won't need here? 
David Zinsner: No, we just generally set a budget that we're going to spend at 4% of revenue. And I think coming into the year, we thought -- we didn't suspect this air pocket we'd run into on the consumer side, and so we had a higher expectation on CapEx. But given that the revenue was a bit lower, we lowered the CapEx so we could maintain the 4%. 
Ali Husain: Yes. And so that new number is somewhere in the range of $130 million to $135 million for the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS. 
Stephen Chin: Just given some of the color earlier on some of the growth in your wired infrastructure business because it's the 100-gig optical, I was wondering if you could provide some more color on whether that's primarily driven by hyper-scale data center customers or if there's some telco carrier CapEx driving that as well. And related to that is, looking forward, is that pretty much running in line with demand or is there some big element of capacity build ahead or buildout for consumption later on this year? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, good question. So it's driven by demand. I think there's a very, very good balance between what we're seeing in terms of demand and supply. There's obviously a huge amount of activity in the inter-data center connectivity. And we're participating in that with our customers, also long haul and kind of metro buildouts. And I think there's a good balance between the 3. But it seems that the data center is hotter at this point in time, and looks like it will be a wave for several years to come. So I think it's a good mix and very good balance between demand and supply here. 
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: I guess, a quick question around the Linear merger. Curious what kind of conversations, if any, you've had in terms of walking up talent there. And as you think about your compensation plan versus theirs, what are the implications to OpEx going forward? 
Vincent Roche: We're operating as 2 separate companies until we close. And obviously, when you look at both companies actually, we've had tremendous -- we've got tremendously long tenure in both companies, and the attrition rates run very, very low in both companies. And I expect that to be what it will -- that will maintain its pace for many, many years to come. People remain with these companies because we do exciting things. We solve big, big hard problems. We've got very strong cultures. And I believe that just as it was so with Hittite and ADI, it is our goal to make sure that we win the hearts and minds of all of our engineers who really create the value for both companies. And I'm very confident about that based on the conversations I've so far had with LTC leadership. And I see that as being a tremendous value and strength of both companies. 
David Zinsner: I would say that, from an OpEx management perspective, the -- we run in this -- into this every time we integrate a company. There are always slight differences in terms of how the compensation works. And I think we're pretty good at figuring out a way that we can do it that works for employees and keeps them energized and engaged and simultaneously doesn't have an impact on our total OpEx and our ability to manage our OpEx appropriately. So we haven't worked out the particulars of that. That will also be done over the coming months. But I feel pretty confident that we'll be able to address employees' concerns and shareholders' concerns and come up with something that's optimal. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about your content win in consumer, where you're seeing the design wins, how fast is content this year growing relative to last year and how sustainable is that rate of growth going into next year? 
David Zinsner: Well, as I said, it's -- the content increase is 30%. We can't get into the details. We have confidentiality requirements with our customers that don't allow us to go into any more detail other than that. 
Vincent Roche: The wins are consistent with our stated strategy. We play in really, really high-quality problem areas in the user experience. And the wins we've had are very, very consistent with that stated strategy. 
Ali Husain: Okay, great. Well, that was the last question. So as a reminder, our fourth quarter and fiscal '16 results will be issued on Wednesday, November 22 at 8 a.m. Eastern and the earnings call will begin 2 hours later at 10 a.m. Eastern. So that's it from us from Norwood, Massachusetts. And so thanks for joining us this morning. We'll talk to you soon. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-05-17 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Analog Devices Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call, which is being audio webcast via telephone and over the Web. I'd like to now introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Ali Husain, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the Analog Devices Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. You can find our press release, relating financial schedules and the investor toolkit, which includes additional information that we believe will be useful for investors, and all that is at investor.analog.com. As usual, I'm joined by ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Dave Zinsner. 
 So before we start, let's get through some disclosures. Please note the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we've reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in today's earnings release, which we've posted at investor.analog.com. 
 And with that, let's get started. Revenue in the second quarter totaled $779 million, which was up 1% sequentially and down 5% from the prior year. On a sequential basis, our business-to-business or B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure experienced broad-based demand, growing 9% sequentially and more than offsetting a weak consumer market. 
 So let me give you a little color on our performance by end market. While overall macro trends were fairly mixed during the quarter, ADI's highly diverse industrial markets grew 11% sequentially and represented 49% of revenue. All of the major application areas within industrial such as factory automation and industrial instrumentation grew sequentially in the seasonally strong second quarter. And we also had a particularly strong performance in the aerospace and defense vertical.
 The automotive market at 18% of sales grew 9% sequentially in the seasonally strong April quarter. Growth was broad-based across all of our automotive-focused applications of safety, ADAS, powertrain and infotainment.
 Turning now to communications infrastructure. Last quarter, we had talked to you about a nascent recovery in this market, and we're happy to report that this trend continued during the second quarter. Revenue from communications infrastructure customers at 23% of sales increased 4% sequentially, with both wireless base station and wireline applications revenues increasing over the prior quarter. 
 After troughing in July of last year, communications infrastructure revenues have grown at a slow and steady pace. And we believe we're still in the early stages of a recovery in this market. So in total, ADI's B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure grew 9% sequentially in the second quarter. 
 In the consumer market, revenues decreased 37% sequentially. At current quarterly run rates, we believe that our consumer business is at trough levels. In total, consumer represented 10% of revenue in the second quarter. 
 So now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the second quarter. With the exception of revenue and other expense, Dave's comments on our second quarter P&L line items will exclude special items, which, in the aggregate, total $33 million for the quarter. When comparing our second quarter performance to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior quarter and year-over-year results. And reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their comparable GAAP measures are included on Schedule E in today's earnings release. 
 So with that, Dave, it's all yours. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Ali, and good morning, everyone. Our strategy to focus on diverse products, customers and markets enabled really good performance in the second quarter. We also repurchased $214 million of our stock in response to price volatility, which enabled the third consecutive quarter of share count reduction.
 Revenue in the second quarter totaled $779 million and diluted earnings per share was $0.64, with both results above the midpoint of guidance. Gross margins of 65.8% increased 360 basis points from the prior quarter, primarily on lower inventory reserves and on factory utilization rates that increased to the low 70s. 
 Inventory on a dollars basis decreased $5 million sequentially and on a days basis increased to 138 days as we staged inventory for an anticipated consumer revenue ramp and managed Hittite-related last-time buys. We expect both dollars and days of inventory to decrease over the next 2 quarters.
 Turning to inventory in the distribution channel. Inventory in distribution on a dollars basis was modestly higher than in the prior quarter, and weeks of inventory in distribution decreased to 7 weeks from the prior quarter's 7.5 weeks. 
 Operating expenses increased 3% sequentially to $272 million, in line with our plan. Operating profit before tax of $240 million increased 12% sequentially and as a percent of sales expanded 300 basis points to 30.8%. Other expense in the second quarter was approximately $13 million, and that represents the run rate of our net interest expense. 
 Our second quarter tax rate was approximately 12%. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate for the remaining 2 quarters of the year to be approximately 12.5%. Excluding special items, diluted earnings per share of $0.64 increased 14% over the prior quarter.
 Our business franchise forms the foundation of our strong balance sheet. At the end of the second quarter, we had $3.8 billion in cash, net cash of $2 billion and a leverage ratio of 1.3x EBITDA. We also have $1.7 billion of liquidity in the U.S., which we plan to use for investments in our business and for general corporate purposes, including dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions.
 During the second quarter, free cash flow as a percent of revenue increased 190 basis points from the prior year to 37.8%. Excluding a onetime item, over the last 12 months, ADI has generated $1 billion in free cash flow. And over this period, we have also returned that $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, effectively returning 100% of free cash flow over the past 12 months.
 During the quarter, we paid $130 million in dividends to shareholders, and earlier this week, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.42 per outstanding share of common stock. This will be paid on June 7, 2016 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on May 27. At the current stock price, this dividend represents an annual rate of about 3%.
 M&A is a key part of our strategy to accelerate technology leadership and revenue growth. During the quarter, we acquired SNAP Sensor, giving ADI the ability to provide very high-dynamic-range industrial imaging solutions in Smart City and Smart Building applications. 
 So in summary, this was a good quarter on several fronts. The diversity and breadth of our business, coupled with strong execution, enabled revenue and diluted earnings per share results that were above the midpoint of guidance. And our capital allocation strategy enabled a significant return of cash to shareholders.
 So now turning to our outlook and our expectations for our third quarter, which, with the exception of revenue expectations, is on a non-GAAP basis and excludes special items that are outlined in today's release. We're planning for another quarter of sequential revenue growth in the third quarter. In our B2B markets, we are seeing stable order rates across the industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure sectors, and as a result, we are planning for aggregate sequential demand in these B2B markets to be largely seasonal in the third quarter. Importantly, we expect our B2B markets, in the aggregate, to grow in the mid- to high single digits on a year-over-year basis in the third quarter. 
 In the consumer market, good design traction in the portable sector leads us to plan for sequential revenue growth in this market, although it is likely that this revenue growth will be back end-loaded and occur late in the third quarter. 
 In total, we're planning for revenue in the third quarter to increase sequentially and be between $800 million and $840 million. We expect gross margins to remain stable to their second quarter levels despite utilization rates in the low -- in the 60s range as we expect lower spend levels and manufacturing efficiencies to offset the lower absorption. 
 We estimate that operating expenses will be up slightly in the third quarter but that they will lag our expected sequential revenue growth, and we expect even greater operating leverage in the fourth quarter. Based on these estimates and excluding any special items, diluted earnings per share are planned to be in the range of $0.66 to $0.74.
 We firmly believe that our future success is within our control. To that end, we are partnering with customers and innovating with impact to drive business success and more importantly, shareholder return. With a strong business model and a focus on the right end markets, we're confident that we can drive ADI's non-GAAP EPS to up to $5 by 2020. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Dave. All right, so folks, before we get to Q&A, let's run through the format. [Operator Instructions] And so with that, operator, let's start the Q&A session, and folks on the line can ask questions of either myself, Vince or Dave. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: Just a question on your communications business. You said it's been steadily improving since, I guess, almost a year ago now, but that was still in the early days of some good momentum there. So can you just elaborate a little bit on that, perhaps, maybe both on the wireless and on the wireline side, please? 
David Zinsner: Yes. So Tore, as you point out, I'll start and Vince will, I'm sure, finish up. But we troughed around the third quarter of last year. And obviously, a lot of the weakness last year was related to China investigations. That seemed to run its course, and we've been steadily improving up to the levels that I think we saw right around the second quarter of last year. I think our position in the marketplace is quite strong. We literally have -- any OEM that's building base stations or else infrastructure communications equipment uses our radios. We also expect that over the next few quarters, we'll start to see a more meaningful rollout of small cell activity in China. We think that will be a good growth driver. We have the lead position from a technology perspective in integrated transceivers, which is going to be the technology of choice in that space. So I think we're in great competitive position. The smart cell activity is going to help drive some momentum just aggregately in the marketplace. And then this whole headwind that we saw in China has started -- has run its course, obviously, and we're starting to see the recovery there. So the momentum and the wind is behind our sails at this point in the communications space. Obviously, it can be lumpy at times, but right now, based on the order flow, we're quite optimistic about the comm space. 
Operator: The next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I had a question on the guidance, and I'm just trying to understand the consumer guidance. And we're notoriously bad in trying to predict Apple units. But if you look at the guide, it looks like it could be a factor of either lower units than what most of us were modeling for or lower ASP or just the overbuild was so high that it's taking a longer time for all that to bleed through the channel. What's the right way to think about it? 
David Zinsner: I think the way to think about -- I guess you're talking about the third quarter. I think really, the third quarter, as you compare it against the third quarter of last year, is really the dynamics around when the buildup is going to occur this year versus when it occurred last year. I think because we were a new player in that particular application with a new product, our customer ramped a few months earlier than typical for their semiconductor vendors in an effort just to make sure they had everything in the pipeline they needed. I think now we're going to be more consistent with most of the other semi vendors out there that supply into this particular application. And really, that means that we really don't see the demand pickup until the July time frame. So it's probably going to be more of a end of third quarter and more into the fourth quarter this time versus last year, where it was more of a ramp in the third quarter. I would point out that we have -- well, I should say we suspect we have more dollar content in that particular application this year versus last year. And so from a BOM perspective, we will actually be in a better position, and so it obviously, at the end, depends on how the demand of the end product goes. But assuming that goes fine, we will actually see pretty good growth. 
Operator: Your next question is from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. 
Jeriel Ong: This is Jeriel on behalf of Amit. I guess looking to industrial business, it's been down year-on-year for a few quarters now. It looks like, given guidance, it might grow year-on-year in the July quarter. Will we see the growth accelerate as we get into the back half of 2016 and then into 2017? 
David Zinsner: Industrial is hard to predict out 4 weeks so I don't know that we're out -- we're ready to predict what it's going to do out several quarters. I would say that, yes, from our guidance, you can interpret that we suspect the industrial business is going to be up year-over-year in the mid-single digits or so, yes. And as a result, we think we're back in a recovery phase there. It had been weak probably related to kind of the phenomena around oil and gas weakness and maybe some currency issues. That seems to have run its course. And as a result, we think we're back on a recovery trend in the industrial space. The one area of that business that's actually beaten the kind of the macro headwinds has been the aerospace and defense business. That's done very well for us even despite the weakness we've seen out there on the macro side. And as it looks out into the future, it looks like that business will continue to be a pretty strong business for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Dave, I just want to talk a little bit about the gross margin guidance for the July quarter. If I look on a year-over-year basis, gross margins are going to be down a little bit year-on-year despite the fact that I think you said in your prepared comments that the B2B business should be up, actually, kind of high single digits year-over-year. Can you just help me kind of square that circle and help me better understand why margins wouldn't perform better if B2B is showing such good year-on-year growth? 
David Zinsner: Yes. It's a good question, John. We're actually going to bring utilization down in the third quarter into the kind of 60s level. It was actually, I think, in the 70s last year. And that's really -- when we looked at our inventory levels, even though most of the inventory build was related to things within our control, like ramping up for the consumer ramp and also for the buildup related to some foundry transfers that are going to occur related to our Hittite business, we really wanted to keep inventory in check. And so we thought it would be a good idea to bring the inventory down in the products that get -- or related to the products that get manufactured internally. So that's really why we approached it that way. Now we're probably going to bring it down, I don't know, somewhere in the 10 percentage point range at least, and that normally would have 100 basis point negative impact on us. But what we're going to -- what we think we can do is take some of the costs out of the factory in the third quarter, and we think we'll make some improvements from an efficiency perspective. And those things combined will offset a lot of that headwind, and as a result, we think we'll be generally flat. 
Operator: Your next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: I wanted to dig in a little bit on automotive. Over the last couple of quarters, you sort of talked about expecting a bit of a second half lift in that business. But now you're sort of talking about seasonal in aggregate for Q3. And frankly, given the rest of the guidance you're talking about, if industrial is up like in the mid-single digits year-over-year and the overall B2B is up in the mid- to high, like I'm coming up with auto probably flat to down year-over-year and probably down decently sequentially, which, I think, would be seasonal. But neither of those things seem consistent with a lift in the back half. So are you sort of backing off on that statement that you made previously? Or like how should we be thinking about automotive as we move through the rest of the year? 
Vincent Roche: Stacy, we've had stellar growth. We've pointed out before that there's one particular area that we've had a headwind. We believe now that headwind has abated. We've had good growth in areas like infotainment. Advanced Driver Assistance and the powertrain area, we've had good growth. Specifically in active and passive safety, we've had some issues, and as I said, I believe the headwind is -- has abated there now. So my sense is that with the programs we have in place, we'll start to see -- we've bottomed out in the auto MEMS area in terms of the declines. So we will be back on a growth track over the coming months and into the -- during 4Q. So I think the worst is behind us there, and we'll get back into a decent growth pattern from here on and through FY '17. 
Stacy Rasgon: But is it fair to say that your Q3 outlook for auto was probably flat to down year-over-year then? 
Ali Husain: No, Stacy. Let me just point out -- let me just make a slight correction here. I think when Dave was talking about mid- to high singles in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis, I think the comment was specific to the B2B market. Industrial, we expect to be up on a year-over-year basis in the very low single digits. And so as a result, I think when you look out to the third and fourth quarter, what we're expecting to see in the automotive business is to see some modest year-over-year growth that we think we can accelerate through the back half of the year here. I hope that -- does that help? 
Stacy Rasgon: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: Just a question on that increase in cash returns just really stepping up the last couple of quarters. I mean, clearly, you guys are generating a lot of cash and have a very strong balance sheet. But just wanted to kind of get your sense of how much is opportunistic versus how much may be providing a read on the M&A side, what might be out there and how you're approaching that. 
David Zinsner: Well, we still have $3.8 billion of cash, so it's not like it's massively influential to how we're thinking about M&A. We're still interested in acquisitions, and that's part of our strategy. Obviously, we have a high bar on those acquisitions, so they don't come every quarter. But we do want to have some dry powder available to us to make those opportunistic acquisitions that, a, can be very strategic for us in terms of driving growth and are very synergistic with what we're doing from a customer perspective; but, b, also deliver a very good financial performance and hopefully accelerate our earnings growth. As far as just the level of buyback that we had in the last couple of quarters, I'd say it's a couple of things. One, it's somewhat programmatic in that when the stock has these dips in the stock price, we take advantage of that and buy stock back. And so I'd say over the last couple of quarters, there were those periods of time where that happened, and on the average, we bought a bit more back than we had been in the past. And also, we just fundamentally believe that the best is yet to come for us. And we think that, that $5 target is a doable target for us, and if that's a doable target, then buying at this price is a pretty attractive price. So those 2 things combined drove us to be a little bit more aggressive with the buyback over the last couple of quarters kind of in response to both the stock price and our expectations on value. 
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: I wanted to follow up on the increase on both automotive and industrial. Those businesses, in the outlook, look like they're back to nice year-on-year growth. So my question is since those are both businesses that have significant application diversity, where are you seeing the strongest year-on-year gains? And where, within those businesses, do you still have subsegments that would be below last year's level? And what's the prospect for those to reach new highs? 
Vincent Roche: Well, specific to the industrial area, we've seen tremendous growth in the aerospace and defense area over the last number of quarters. And that's been also bolstered through the acquisition of Hittite. That's helped us a lot. We've been able to combine the franchises of both companies and eke more growth out there. I'd say broad-based instrumentation across the globe has done well. And if you extract oil and gas from the factory and process automation side of things, we've seen good growth there, too. And geographically, I would say in the recent term here, both Europe and China have seen particularly strong growth. On the kind of the muted side there, I'd say on the slower growth side of things, the automatic test equipment and energy sectors have been more turbulent. Energy is flatter, but the ATE thing has been quite turbulent. So that's kind of the picture in terms of the puts and takes on the markets, the subsectors and geographies there. As I said earlier, in terms of automotive, we've seen stellar growth in infotainment, in powertrain and Advanced Driver Assistance, and we've been dealing with this headwind on the automotive -- the passive safety and active safety side of things. Geographically, if I look at automotive, again, America has been very respectable. Europe has been stronger, and China and Japan have been relatively flat. So that gives you, I think, a picture of both of those sectors from a subsegment and geographic standpoint. 
Operator: Your next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: Just on the Q3 outlook, I think you may have addressed it at different parts of the call. But could you just give us some more color on each of the B2B segments, how you expect them to trend on a sequential basis and more importantly, how that compares to what you thought, say, 2 or 3 months ago about those segments? 
David Zinsner: Yes, sure. I can take a crack at it. So industrial, I would say, sequentially is probably going to be up in the low single digits. Automotive is likely to be down in the low single digits. I'd point out that that's probably better than what they normally see seasonally given we have July in our quarter, and that tends to be a soft month for the automotive market. And then comms is probably close to mid-single digits, somewhere in that range. I'd say it's pretty consistent with where we thought we would be a few months ago. Nothing has changed. The macro is hanging in there nicely. The order flow in all 3 of these markets has been pretty good. We're obviously always running the business cautiously in the event that something in the macro gives us a hiccup. But that hasn't happened, and we're, I guess, pleasantly surprised or happy that that's how things panned out for us. And so hopefully, this continues. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
Vincent Celentano: This is Vince Celentano on for Steve. I had a question. Has there been any more progress in getting your force touch technology adopted at OEMs, either within mobile or in other end markets? I guess, in general, what's your plan going forward with this technology? 
Vincent Roche: Well, that product source is based on a core technology that we use in multiple applications, in industrial, automotive and so on and so forth. So it's not a case -- the product sector is specific to one application, but the technology is usable in many, many different applications. It's based on our precision signal processing expertise that we've been developing for decades. So as I said, we're, all the time, looking to diversify, be it consumer, be it industrial. But whichever sector, all those products are based upon the core high-performance precision signal processing platform that we've been developing for decades. 
Ali Husain: Yes. And Vince, just as a point, we don't comment on individual customers or products. So appreciate the question, but we'll move on to the next caller. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: You gave great color on the wireless side of your comms business. Can you just give us a similar update on what you're seeing on the wireline side and maybe remind us what the split between those 2 portions of your comms business end up being these days? 
David Zinsner: Yes. So 2/3 of our business is wireless, and then the other 1/3 is wired. There's several applications within wired, but probably, the most prominent is control that goes into the optical signal. Obviously, that market is doing quite well because there's a move towards 100G, and that's obviously beneficial to us. So it's been on a pretty steady -- the good news on this one is it hasn't had the lumpiness that the wireless business has had. So it's been on a pretty steady growth trajectory. It moves around based on seasonality, but year to year, it's been pretty steady and solid. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, we've been successful at moving between the various generations of optical transceivers from 2.5 gig right up to 100 gig now and beyond. So we've built a nice franchise, again, based on our signal -- our precision signal processing portfolio, where we're providing sophisticated and very, very precise control of the optical signal chain. So that's the primary part, as Dave said, of our wireline business. Other aspects in which we have a good position are in the data packs and control pads in cable infrastructure. But by far, wireline is dominated by the optical technology that we -- the optical products that we provide. 
Operator: Your next question is from Romit Shah with Nomura Securities. 
Romit Shah: I just wanted to talk about consumer. My understanding is January '15 was the last quarter before you guys started booking force touch revenues, and in that quarter, consumer was about $95 million. This last quarter, consumer was down to $80 million, so it implies that the business overall was down about 16% from that Jan '15 baseline. And I guess excluding force touch, your legacy consumer business was down even more than that. And so I was hoping you guys could talk about the performance of that business and legacy consumer, in particular, and your expectations going forward. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Legacy consumer has been for -- it's a huge number of different applications. We have a steady strong business in areas like high-end digital consumer for home and for enterprise, and that's been doing well and continues to do well. It's a very, very modest investment for the company. So my sense is that's been growing at kind of the low single digits for many, many years. My expectation, again, given that it looks a lot like our B2B business in terms of design cycles, product cycles, that will continue to be a modest growth story for ADI in the years ahead. And it leverages. We do very, very little specific product development for that sector. In terms of the remainder of the business, it's lumpier by nature. And we have a good -- as best we can tell, we read the signals pretty well, and we're managing supply and demand on the basis of what we're reading in those more volatile portable consumer applications. 
Romit Shah: I appreciate the comments. I just -- I don't know that I'm coming away with a clear understanding for why the legacy business has contracted this much over what's been, what, 5 or 6 periods. 
David Zinsner: Yes. Well, it's been -- it has been a headwind for 6 years or so, 6 or 7 years ago mainly because of the digital still camera business, which has been kind of a -- obviously, everybody's using their phones to take most of their pictures, and so that business has kind of -- has waned a bit. It's down at this point now as we sit in 2016, a pretty nominal level at this point, and so I wouldn't anticipate it being much of a headwind going forward. There is a certain amount of people that will always buy digital SLR cameras. I'm looking over at Ali because he's one of them. So I think at this point now, it's probably stabilized. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Freedman with Sterne Agee. 
Douglas Freedman: If I could ask a question regarding the consumer business as well. When we look at sort of the business coming back in, with handsets contributing materially here, how do we think about the incremental margin, both up, but as well as when it ramps down, especially given the actions you seem to be taking as far as managing the factory, which may be not coincident with the ramp-up that you're going to see in revenues? 
David Zinsner: Yes. So all of this product gets manufactured in a foundry, a third-party foundry, so it doesn't necessarily affect utilization levels. So really, it comes down to what we price the product at and what we pay the foundry and the back end to produce the parts. And the margins are respectable margins, and there's a little bit of a mix degradation by having that business, but it's not significant. I think it runs in the tens of basis points up or down based on whether we have it in a quarter or we have a meaningful amount in a quarter or not a meaningful amount in a quarter. But other than that, I don't -- wouldn't suspect we have much volatility in gross margins from it. 
Douglas Freedman: I guess another way, Dave, just to ask the question, if we were to exclude the impact of this business year-on-year, would you expect gross margins to be up next year? 
David Zinsner: Excluding consumer, would we expect gross margins to be up? 
Douglas Freedman: Yes, yes. Excluding impact of the consumer ramp-up and ramp-down, would I expect to see some gross margin improvement year-on-year? 
David Zinsner: Yes, yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. 
Philip Lee: This is Philip Lee calling on behalf of Chris. You guys mentioned just the inventory was down to 7 weeks this quarter. How is this versus maybe last year? And how do you expect it to turn the rest of the year? 
David Zinsner: Yes. Typically, the second quarter tends to be a trough of just the inventory levels just because it tends to be a really big quarter for ship-outs. And we're kind of, on a shipment basis, kind of running it pretty consistently. So I wouldn't glean too much from it other than the fact that it's at a healthy level. Seven weeks is exactly where it should be in the second quarter, and that's very healthy. My guess is that in the third quarter, it will start to trend back up to 7.5 weeks and then kind of stabilize until next year's second quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: On the strength in industrial, you mentioned aerospace and defense as an area of particular strength. Was this segment up year-over-year? And was it more commercial or defense-related programs that are driving the strength? I know that there are some programs both in commercial satellite and radar. There's also some defense program initiatives like some fighter jet upgrades and so on. And what's the program pipeline look like for the remainder of the year? 
David Zinsner: Okay. I'll take a little bit of a crack at that, and anybody can join in. It was up year-over-year in the second quarter. It likely will be up year-over-year for the full year unless something changes significantly. Most of the growth that we've seen has been in high-performance RF specific to military applications. We've got a lot of that technology, obviously, when we acquired Hittite. They were already servicing that market in a relatively meaningful way. And their design wins over several years ago are starting to translate into revenue, and that's obviously driven the growth in that business. The expectation over the next 3 to 5 years is quite positive. I think the areas that -- where radar applications are deployed are areas where the military is spending more in. And so as a result, that, coupled with the fact that now we have a really commanding position in that marketplace, leads us to assume that this market for us is going to be a nice driver of growth over the next 3 to 5 years. 
Vincent Roche: Commercial aircraft is another space where more and more of our technology is being used for all different kinds of signal processing, radio upgrades, control and so on and so forth. And also, satellite, commercial satellite, is an area that's becoming more and more dominant, if you like, particularly for commercial application. So I think overall, when you look at what's been happening and what will happen, that aerospace and defense business will continue to grow for the company at good rates. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. 
Mark Lipacis: Perhaps, for you, Dave. You were successful in the past in finding tax-efficient ways to use overseas cash for M&A. And I was wondering if you would describe the M&A environment today as being a target-rich one? And of the targets that you're looking at, is there a good potential to use overseas cash tax-efficiently like you have in the past? 
David Zinsner: Good question. Well, I mean, there are lots of ideas in the pipeline. It goes through a number of stage gates. And as it gets closer and closer to the point in which we're going to pull the trigger on it, those bars are -- get higher and more difficult to get through. So I think that from an ADI perspective, I don't think anything's changed in terms of whether you'll see us do a ton of acquisitions on a very frequent basis. I just don't think that's our model. But there are areas that we think make a lot of sense in terms of acquisitions, and those are the areas we're focused on. And so I suspect we will be doing them from time to time to help augment what we're doing organically. From an acquisition -- from a tax perspective, it's always fact specific as to whether -- which cash we can use depends on where it's located and where their operations are and so forth. But to the extent that it checks all the boxes, I'm sure we could do something similar to what we did with Hittite. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. 
Ian Ing: I had a question on Hittite. I mean, what was the magnitude of the last-time buys in the April quarter? What are the expectations in subsequent quarters? And as customers start looking at developing 5G infrastructure, are there some opportunities here for Hittite and microwave products? I know largely, microwave is for backhaul at the moment and communications. 
David Zinsner: Yes, Hittite will help us a lot in the 5G space. And given our strong position in 4G and our strong relationship with all the OEMs who are developing 5G applications, we think we're in a great position to really take a commanding position in the 5G space. On the -- I don't have the number off the top of my head, unless you know it, Ali, off the top of your head. But second quarter represented the peak amount of builds that we were going to have associated with Hittite. And so as quarters progress now, it should slowly be coming down. I'm going to guess it added somewhere between 7 and 10 days to our inventory levels because of those transitions. As I said, you'll see a kind of a steady improvement. The one thing is we built up a lot of inventory for stuff that has long life cycles, and so it will take some time for us to get all the way down to 0. It might take 5 years, maybe even 7 years to get down to 0. But the good news is that the headwind aspect of the inventory build is behind us and now it becomes a tailwind going forward. 
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Chin with UBS. 
Stephen Chin: A question on the communications wireless business. I was wondering -- just given some of the comments around small cells, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your revenue sensitivity to deployments regarding small cells versus base stations just given the different levels of content and also the unit deployments. And also if you have any further visibility into -- beyond the current quarter regarding CapEx for either small cells or macro base stations. 
Vincent Roche: I think we're in a very good position in both macro cells and small cells. As more and more of the usage of cellular equipment is in building, there may be a switch to small cells over time, but it's not going to be a growth switch from macro to small. I think there's always going to be a mix of both. So we're very well positioned irrespective of whether our customers are deploying macro or small cells. And in terms of content, obviously, the small cell has less content than the large cell. But we have -- in terms of the radio, we've got almost the entire radio in the small cell given the strength of our software-defined transceiver technologies. So I think what you'll see is the deployment will continue on the macro side. There will be an upsurge in small cell over the remainder of this year into next year. And we're very well positioned irrespective of whether it's macro or small. What was the second part of the question? 
David Zinsner: CapEx. 
Vincent Roche: CapEx. I think the way to look at the CapEx discussion is in -- terms of innovation, the innovation in base stations is really happening at the radio level to increase spectral efficiency and flexibility. So there's an increasing amount of the hardware spend going into the radio over time. And with the strength that we have in the franchise, we've got in terms of mix signal and RF and microwave technologies, I think we're very well positioned given the strength of our relationships and the fact that we've skewed R&D over the last 5 years more heavily towards wireless applications. Irrespective of what happens, I believe it will be a fairly stable CapEx environment in terms of the ratio of services, software and hardware. But I think we're well positioned as a company to grab additional share there given, as I said, the strength of our technology and customer positions. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I just had a couple of follow-ups. Just on the A&D strength, is this more primarily Hittite benefiting from your channel? Or is it more a result of the last-time buys? And then a little bit longer term, when do we expect to see jointly developed products between Hittite and ADI? And I realize it takes a while for that to pan out. And then a second quick follow-up. Dave, you mentioned that in consumer, you'll have more content. Is that because you're -- because I can't imagine ASP going up. Are you designing out sockets from -- that somebody else had? 
David Zinsner: That's a lot of questions, Ambrish. Okay. So on the aerospace and defense side, I would say -- I would characterize the growth as products designed back in the Hittite days in a lot of cases, some on our own products, back many years ago, that now -- because it takes a while for that stuff to turn around and become revenue. And so that's really what's driven the performance at this point. It hasn't been related to Hittite being a part of ADI yet. The opportunity pipeline has significantly expanded because of the acquisition of Hittite and because of our ability to both sell more of what Hittite sells or makes into that market and also what we make and try to drive that into that market. And so I think that we'll start to see some revenue synergies next year and probably be relatively modest next year but begin to ramp significantly over time. And it's probably on the opportunity side of peak revenues. It's probably $100 million of opportunity. So not all of that we'll close on, but it's a significant amount of synergies that we were able to get by combining Hittite and Analog Devices. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. In terms of your product development question, the combination of Hittite, maybe on the design side of things, we acquired the technology to enable us to broadly apply microwave technology and build a real leadership franchise in the high end of communications infrastructure, general communications, even industrial instrumentation. So we already have very, very good synergy between the design teams in looking at the next 5G application -- in the 5G application, the next generation of Advanced Driver Assistance, where there's a lot of microwave technology needed. So we'll start to see the first combined products hit the market over the coming year. And beyond there, I think you'll see more complete solutions from ADI, the combination of the old ADI and Hittite together, in many, many different markets. 
David Zinsner: Okay. So then on the consumer side, we can't comment specifically on whether or not we're displacing somebody and, if so, who. But I can tell you that we have more sockets in the next generation than we did in the last generation, and that's what's driving the BOM to be higher at this time. 
Ali Husain: And Ambrish, just a slight housekeeping note from me. When you talked about the last-time buys, those are last-time buys that we made on foundry. So that didn't impact the revenues, really, in the aerospace and defense side. Okay. Thanks for the question. 
Operator: Your next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: One more quick follow-up on consumer. You said that the ramp was going to happen late in Q3, which seemingly would imply potentially a fairly big Q4 sequential ramp as you annualize that. Can you give us some feeling for what the trajectory of that consumer business into Q4 ought to look like? And do you think that it could be -- would it be up or would it be down year-over-year versus last year? Because I think Q4 of last year was the peak. 
David Zinsner: Yes. Definitely hard to predict exactly how the trajectory is going to work out. But I would say it's going to be -- you could -- if we end up shipping in the last, say, 2 or 3 weeks of July, we're going to probably be shipping at that level through the entire fourth quarter, so you can interpret that what you want. But it's going to be a meaningful ramp in the consumer space in the fourth quarter, at least, as things have lined up so far. On a year-over-year basis, I think given the fact that there was probably -- or shipped in -- and I think we can safely say in the fourth quarter versus what was consumed, and that drove a lot of inventory in the channel. I think on a year-over-year basis, we're likely to be down in the consumer space. But I think from a sequential basis, it'll look quite nice. 
Stacy Rasgon: And so just to clarify, so we're talking something like a $30 million sequential increase in Q3, all of which may be happening potentially in the last couple of weeks. So, I mean, if we're annualizing that for 3 months in the following quarter, if you're shipping at that rate, I mean, this could be -- you were talking something like $100 million, maybe even more, sequentially into Q4 that we could see in terms of increase. Is that the right way to think about that? 
David Zinsner: Yes. It's obviously tough to predict, but you're probably in the zip code at this point. 
Ali Husain: And by the way, if that did happen, as Dave mentioned, I think, in the prepared remarks, the operating margin leverage we expect to see in the fourth quarter would be pretty strong. 
Operator: Your next question is from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Just staying on the topic of consumer and for both Dave and Vince. Investors have been somewhat critical about your exposure here over the last 2 or 3 quarters because it tends to be volatile, tends to be commoditized. We always worry about how long you can hold on to the business. And you guys have done sort of a great job talking about the trajectory for this fiscal year, and when you initially got this business, I think you talked about 2 years of visibility. I'm wondering if you could just talk, longer term, how we should think about the consumer bucket. And Dave, you've talked about in the past your need just to be strategically engaged with certain customers to broaden out your footprint. Maybe you can talk about your ability to have broadened out that footprint with this customer as we go into fiscal '17. 
David Zinsner: Yes. So obviously, they don't give us a ton of visibility, but next year, as much as we can tell, looks to be in pretty good shape for 2017 for this customer. And as I said, we actually got more sockets this time around and held the prior socket, all of which are high-performance parts that -- and that's really what we're trying to focus on with that customer or with any customer, quite honestly, not only in the consumer space but outside of the customer space in the B2B markets. And that's -- we're going to maintain that strategy going forward. And I think there is enough to win at that customer and in the consumer space to drive growth in the consumer business. And as you point out, longer term -- and it's not even just this particular customer, but there are a handful of customers that have -- certainly have consumer exposure but that are more broadly focused in other markets because a lot of this stuff is converging. And so we want to be attached to those customers as they think up new ideas, that we can come up with new technologies to help define their parts and make them better, and that's what we're going to do. And so that's where we direct our research and development dollars. It's worked out for us here, and my guess is there'll be other things that we do for this customer and other customers in other markets that will help them and help us. 
Vincent Roche: The user experience becomes more and more sophisticated in these applications. That's in our wheelhouse. We play on the edge of the physical and the digital, so it gives us more opportunity. But as Dave pointed out, we're looking for the really hard-to-solve problems in these applications, where we can hopefully get multiple generations' worth of momentum and where we can get the kind of margin performance ratio that we expect. 
Operator: Your next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: Just, Vince, longer term, is the current top line growth rate acceptable to you? And if it is not, do you think it's time to consider larger and more transformative acquisitions? And how do you think about the -- whether it's the accretion metrics or anything else that we should keep in mind because the macro environment has stayed somewhat sluggish, and you have managed to navigate through that quite well. But I'm just curious whether -- even with this navigation, is the top line growth acceptable to you? And if not, what can you do about it? 
Vincent Roche: Well, we've said publicly that we are committed to generating over $4 of EPS by 2020. We remain committed to that. And when we first offered that target to the investor community back in '14, we said that we expected our revenue, our top line to grow at the rate of 2 to 3x GDP, whatever that is, and we remain optimistic about that. We're investing at a level in terms of R&D and field -- customer engagement that -- and given what we see in terms of the design activity, the customer engagement activity, we remain committed to that top line target. Another component of, obviously, being able to get towards that EPS target over time is to do careful M&A. And so that is the mix, and we are committed to our targets. We believe in the growth story. And as I said, we will use our balance sheet wisely to get some more high-performance technology that will enable the company to grow at an even greater rate over time. 
David Zinsner: And as far as just the acquisition measures, we use -- there's probably 15 of them that we use. Obviously, accretion plays a factor in it. We look at kind of the relative valuations of the cash flow of the business that we're looking at to determine whether we're paying a good price for it. We want businesses that grow and that help us drive our growth faster than we are growing today. So that's a key component, and we believe that, that can happen. And obviously, we think we're looking for things where we can get synergies. Sometimes, that's cost. Sometimes, it's cost and revenue. And so those are things that kind of influence us. Sometimes, when we're doing tuck-ins like SNAP Sensor, which we talked about in the prepared remarks, there isn't much in terms of financials to hang your hat on in the early stages. And so then it really comes down to whether or not the technology really was going to make a difference in our customer's application and ultimately, the user experience. And that tends to rule the day when it comes to those tuck-ins. 
Vivek Arya: Is there any push from customers to have more integrated solutions? That's where I was coming from, that if you are the leader in converters, does it help to gain access to other areas because that's what your customers might be asking you to do? 
David Zinsner: Yes, it's integrating all the time. We're developing -- we're moving more and more to a systems level solution. And so that requires us to have more and more technology, some of which we do acquire, a lot of which we actually build internally. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. I think what we acquire depends very much on the type of segment we're addressing. The reason we bought SNAP Sensor was to help us move up the stack, to make our solution more complete. We've got a very strong DSP, high-performance signal processing technology platform and product base, onto which we needed to add some algorithmic value in that particular imaging application. So yes, what we acquire and what customers are asking us to do very much is application and market segment-dependent. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
J. Steven Smigie: So last quarter, you mentioned that orders are positive but that you felt that your customers were a little bit worried about the overall weaker macro. Have you seen any changes in their general outlook since the last call? 
David Zinsner: No, I think they're pretty much the same. They're cautiously optimistic. The macro has held in there. The order flow has been good. Customers think they're going to -- I think, in aggregate, think they're going to see modest growth this year. But they're obviously very cautious. They're keeping their inventory levels lean. We see that, obviously, at the disti level as well. So that's -- I think it's pretty consistent through the whole year, really. 
Operator: And your next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: Dave, one follow-up to a question you asked -- or answered earlier on the gross margin side. I know you said you're taking utilization down by roughly 10% sequentially in the third quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about why you're doing that, considering that you said that the comms business is in the early stages of recovery? You're now past the headwinds on the auto side, where you had the design loss on the passive safety, et cetera. If everything in your core is starting to grow year-over-year, what led you to the decision to cut utilization that substantially? 
David Zinsner: I mean, I don't know that it's significant, but we had 138 days of inventory, and we want to get that level down. And we felt like we should address it now rather than wait. I would -- like I said in the prior question -- or answer to the prior question, I think a lot of the inventory is related to product that was manufactured in foundry. But nevertheless, we got to work all of the levers to get the inventories to where we want them to be, and this seemed like an appropriate place to pull it down. The comms one doesn't influence us a ton because there isn't much of that, that gets done in internal foundries or internal fabs. Really, it's in the industrial space, which is -- kind of plugging along at kind of a low growth rate at this point. So it seemed like we weren't taking a big risk by adjusting the production there. I would say that I think it's a 1-quarter event. When you take down inventory levels and you take down the utilization rates, generally, you shut the factory down. And so we'll be taking, I think, on average, 2 weeks to shut down in our internal fabs. I would suspect that we will be back to not doing that in the fourth quarter, and so utilization should come back up again in the fourth quarter. 
Ross Seymore: Great. One other housekeeping one. You were gracious enough to say your content is going up with a specific customer. Relative to what you had in the prior generation, is the content increase, just order of magnitude, a similar amount to the prior socket, half, double? Any sort of color directionally would be helpful. 
David Zinsner: Yes, I probably have to avoid these kind of pricing things. It's not to the level of the prior socket. Let's put it that way. 
Ali Husain: Okay, great. Well, it looks like Ross was our last question, so we'll close out the call. As a reminder, our third quarter 2016 results will be issued on August 17 at 8 a.m., similar to this quarter, and we'll have the earnings call at 10 a.m. So that does it for us here. Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you soon. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Analog Devices Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-02-16 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Analog Devices First Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Ali Husain, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Ali Husain: All right, good morning. Thanks, Jennifer, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining ADI's First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. You can find our press release, relating financial schedules and our investor toolkit at investor.analog.com. 
 As usual, I'm joined this morning by ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; ADI's CFO, Dave Zinsner. The format for today's call will be slightly different. Today's prepared remarks will be relatively short because we want to devote most of the call to Q&A. 
 So before we start, let's get through some disclosures. Please note the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. 
 These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call. And we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we've reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in today's earnings release, which we've posted at investor.analog.com. 
 And so with all that behind us, let's get started. So as you've likely seen, revenue in the first quarter totaled $769 million, which is about even to the same period in the prior year. Compared to the prior quarter, revenue decreased 21%, but this sequential revenue performance masked what was really a tale of 2 narratives. 
 While weakness in the consumer portable sector exacerbated what is typical seasonal weakness within the consumer market, our business-to-business or B2B markets of industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure combined to perform in line with our expectations. 
 So let me give you a little color on our performance. The industrial market at 45% of revenue decreased 5% sequentially during the seasonally weaker first quarter, which was a good result in a challenging macro environment. Compared to the prior year, the industrial market was stable. 
 The automotive market at 16% of revenue decreased 4% sequentially, with all sectors flat to down and in line with seasonal patterns. As compared to the same period in the prior year, revenue from ADAS, or Advanced Driver Assistance Systems, increased 22%; powertrain sector revenue grew 8%; and infotainment sector revenue increased 6%. 
 Turning now to communications infrastructure. Revenue in this market increased 4% sequentially, which was well ahead of seasonal patterns. Revenue from both wireless and wireline infrastructure customers increased sequentially as we believe the trough in the wireless market turns into a nascent recovery. As compared to the prior year, wireless revenues decreased while revenue from wireline customers increased. In total, ADI's B2B markets decreased 3% sequentially. 
 Now in the consumer market. Revenues decreased 60% sequentially to $126 million, and this market represented 16% of sales. While prosumer audio/video applications decreased in line with seasonal patterns, revenue from portable consumer applications declined significantly as a result of weaker than forecasted customer demand in this sector after a prior quarter performance that had far exceeded expectations. 
 So now I'll turn the call over to Dave for details of our financial performance in 1Q '16. With the exception of revenue, Dave's comments on our first quarter P&L line items will exclude special items, which, in the aggregate, totaled $22 million for the quarter. When comparing our first quarter performance to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior quarter and year-over-year results. And reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their comparable GAAP measures are included on Schedule E in today's release. So Dave, over to you. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Ali. The first quarter was a challenging quarter as we executed through weaker economic conditions and significant weakness in the portable consumer electronics sector. Nevertheless, our B2B markets combined to perform in line with our expectations and we repurchased $132 million of our shares in response to stock price volatility, which helped reduce our share count by approximately 1%. 
 Revenue in the first quarter totaled $769 million and diluted earnings per share was $0.56. Gross margin of 62.2% decreased 350 basis points from the prior quarter, primarily on higher inventory reserves and lower utilization rates. Inventory on a dollars basis decreased $7 million sequentially. And on a days basis was 128 days on lower sales. 
 Utilization rates in the first quarter were in the mid-50s and we are planning to increase utilization to the high 60s in the second quarter. Weeks of inventory and distribution were approximately 7.5 weeks, consistent with the prior quarter. 
 Operating expenses of approximately $265 million declined $27 million or 9% sequentially and were flat to the prior year as we continued to carefully manage expenses. Operating profit before tax of $214 million were 27.8% of sales, decreased from both the prior quarter and the year-ago period. Other expense was approximately $10 million as we raised $1.25 billion in 10- and 30-year notes. We expect our net interest expense for the remainder of fiscal 2016 to be approximately $15 million per quarter. 
 Our first quarter tax rate was approximately 13%, which we expect will be our tax rate for the remainder of fiscal 2016. Excluding special items, diluted earnings per share was $0.56, which was a decrease of 11% as compared to the prior year on higher inventory reserves and interest expense. Nevertheless, our strong financial model continued to generate solid cash flows, which we used to enhance shareholder returns. Excluding a onetime payment relating to the conversion of our Irish pension plan, over the past 12 months, ADI has generated free cash flow of $1 billion or 30% of sales, and we have returned $800 million to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. 
 The first quarter was also a strong working capital quarter, during which free cash flow as a percent of revenue increased to 26%, up from 19% in the prior year, which is an increase of approximately 700 basis points. Capital additions in the first quarter were $23 million or 3% of revenue, and we are planning for capital additions in 2016 to be in the range of $130 million to $150 million. 
 In line with our capital allocation strategy, our Board of Directors approved a $0.02 increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.42 per share, which is payable on March 8, 2016. This dividend represents the 13th dividend increase in the last 12 years. At the current stock price, our dividend yield is approximately 3.2%. Our board also increased the authorization under our stock repurchase program to $1 billion as we plan to continue to repurchase our stock during periods of stock price volatility. 
 We ended the quarter with a cash and short-term investment balance of $3.8 billion, with approximately $1.2 billion available domestically. We had approximately $1.7 billion in debt outstanding, which resulted in a net cash position of $2.1 billion. 
 Now turning to our outlook for the second quarter, which with the exception of revenue expectations is on a non-GAAP basis and excludes special items that are outlined in today's release. While we are cautious about the macroeconomic environment, current order trends in the industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure markets suggest combined sequential revenue growth in these B2B markets to be in the mid- to high single digits in the second quarter. 
 In consumer, we're expecting another quarter of sequential weakness within the portable sector of this market. In the aggregate, we are planning for revenue in the second quarter to be in the range of minus 2% to plus 4% sequentially. Gross margins are expected to increase to approximately 65.5% in the second quarter on higher utilization, a more favorable mix and lower expected inventory reserves as compared to the first quarter. We estimate that operating expenses will be up slightly in the second quarter. And as a result, for operating margins to expand sequentially. 
 Based on these estimates and excluding any special items, diluted earnings per share are planned to be in the range of $0.58 to $0.66, which at the midpoint would represent an 11% sequential increase in EPS. 
 We are currently operating at the lower end of our financial leverage model range, and we are carefully managing production levels and operating expenses. As business conditions improve, we should drive better operating leverage. Overall, we estimate that we have approximately 800 basis points of operating leverage remaining in our financial model, based on our first quarter exit rates. 
 While near-term market headlines warrant caution, we believe our future prospects remain strong. We have been deepening and broadening our customer engagements while investing in our most critical technology vectors to support our long-term growth. And together with our operating model, these place ADI on a strong platform to achieve up to $5 in non-GAAP earnings by 2020. 
 And so now I'll turn the call back over to Ali. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Dave. All right, so folks before we get to the Q&A, let's just run through the format. [Operator Instructions] So with that, operator, let's start the Q&A session and folks on the line can ask questions of either Vince, Dave or myself. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. 
Ambrish Srivastava: I had a long-term question on the automotive segment for any of you gents who could answer. Auto has been a great business for you long term. Last year -- last fiscal year, it didn't grow. Can you just help us -- sorry, I'm in a hotel room. Can you please help us understand where the business is positioned in some of the newer areas such as ADAS, self-driving car safety. So in that sense, what drove the business in the last 5 years? And what should we be looking at in the future? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, well, Ambrish, as you know, our automotive business has 3 major components to it. One is the infotainment sector, which is largely built around audio and media products. We have a strong powertrain business, which in the past number of years has been driven really by our strength in battery monitoring and control. And last but not least, the safety business, which has 3 major components, passive safety and active safety, which are largely MEMS-based activities and advanced driver assistance. Now I can tell you that all those sectors grew over the last several years. The infotainment area has grown in the high single digits. Same thing with the powertrain business. And where we've run into headwinds, really, is on the MEMS side of the safety business. The advanced driver assistance piece, in fact, has been growing at a rate of about 20% over the last 2 or 3 years. And in the MEMS area specifically, we have been very careful to exit parts of the business that were commoditizing and focusing our R&D in areas where we can get the kind of returns on performance-driven products. So that's where we've suffered the headwind and it provided a dampening effect over the last year in particular. My sense is based on what I hear from customers, what I hear -- what our business units are predicting, is that in the latter half of this year we'll be back into, I think, a pretty solid growth pattern with regard to automotive in general across all those 3 sectors. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: You talked about order rates in your B&B business being stable in spite of the macro climate. Could you talk a little bit more about sort of the linearity of those bookings? Are they coming in sort of in line with seasonal patterns? Or is there any trends toward strengthening or weakening as we look forward? 
Ali Husain: Tore, thanks. This is Ali. I'll take this one. I think, if you look at the order patterns throughout the quarter, I think they generally trended -- again ex the consumer business. I'm talking about the B2B business here. They generally trended as we would have expected them to. I'd say November and December were pretty stable. January saw some pretty good strength. I'd say part of that is just the natural cycle there. January tends to be a stronger order flow month than December, just because it has less holidays. Part of it could be there is -- our first and second quarters had the effect of the Lunar New Year, so part of that could be that as well. But I'd say overall, as we now look into February, orders continue to maintain themselves. I'd say when you look at the various businesses, the industrial business is hanging in, in February to January rates. The comms business is off a little bit from its January rates. Again, January was very strong month for the comms business, particularly as you think about some of these wireless infrastructure build-outs in China. It's likely some ordering that happened in the month of January that was likely going to be consumed in February. So I think overall, I'd say it's probably tracking to where we would expect it to be around this time of year, and I think that's certainly implicated in the guidance that we gave for the B2B markets to be in the mid- to high single digits sequentially in the second quarter. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: I want to actually follow up on that. So you're guiding the B2B up mid- to high single digits. You're sort of calling that seasonal. But I think industrial and auto are typically up in the low double digits sequentially in Q2. So is there something else going on, for example, in comm that's offsetting? Or I mean, can you give us some feeling for -- I guess variation across the 3 B2B businesses above or below that average? Because it does seem, overall, you're a bit below normal seasonal for industrial and auto. 
David Zinsner: Right. Yes, so we actually went back and looked at kind of the B2B in total and by piece. So communications tends not to have as much seasonal effect and it's more a kind of a cycle effect. But when you look at the industrial and automotive, you're right, Stacy. Sometimes, it's in the double digits. Sometimes, it's in the high single digits. Kind of depends on the year. I think partly it depends on where Lunar New Year kind of falls, and sometimes Lunar New Year is in the first quarter and sometimes it's in the second quarter. And so I think a little bit of the effect of perhaps us being on the lower end, just seasonality in those businesses is the fact that Lunar New Year shows up in the second quarter this time around. Part of it is just you have to pay attention to what's going on in the macro environment. And I think we're being prudently cautious given some of the perturbations out there: things going on in China, things going on with our customers who sell into the oil and gas space. And so I think there's a little bit of prudence there. And then partly, I think comms had a pretty good quarter in the first quarter. It's going to probably have kind of a more flattish to up slightly kind of quarter in the second quarter, and that would mute the B2B sequential growth rate as well. But overall, I would say we're kind of pretty pleased with how the B2B business has been operating. It had a better-than-expected first quarter, and so to have the second quarter be a little bit on the lower end of seasonality is, I think, a pretty good outcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. 
Christopher Danely: Just some more color on the consumer end market. How do you expect that to trend this year? Have you seen any change to your forecast recently? And do you think consumer revenue in the second half of calendar '16 will be above or below what it was in the second half of calendar '15? 
David Zinsner: Tough to call the year-over-year growth rates for some. Obviously, we have a good position, I think, in the consumer space, particularly in portable electronic space. We obviously had a really good second half last year. But as the first half of this year has shown, looks like some of that was not real end-demand. And so there might have been a little bit of build of inventory, a little bit -- some inventory build in the second half of last year that we're now feeling the effects of this year. So clearly, on a sequential basis, the second half should be quite strong relative to the first half. I'm not sure how things will work out year-over-year, kind of given that inventory build. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: I want to go back to the nonconsumer or B2B business. And if you look at that revenue over a longer period of time, it sort of peaked out in the October '14 quarter at about $720 million. And even against sort of your guide for April, you're still going to be $30 million to $40 million below that level. And Vince, I think in a prior question, you did a good job kind of talking about the puts and takes in autos. I'm assuming industrial military is really a reflection of just kind of a lackluster macro. I guess my question is more on the comms side of the business, which is still down the most over that period of time. Wondering kind of where you think we are in the comms cycle. Do we get back north of $200 million in revenue at some point? Are there structural barriers to get there? And importantly, if you could give us an update on how Hittite is performing within that division, that will be helpful because I believe October '14 was the first full quarter of Hittite revenue? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. So I think the situation in the communications infrastructure market is really about -- last year was driven by -- the downturn was driven largely by what was happening in China with regard to regulatory issues, if you like. What we're seeing -- so we came off a very, very low bottom at the very early part of 2015. But my sense is now with -- we're seeing some bookings momentum. My sense is that we'll see a pretty good growth year overall this year in communications infrastructure. There's a lot of innovation still taking place. And we are, I believe, gaining share across the board. Our customers are still driving hard in the wireless area, for example, to increase spectral efficiency, reduce power costs and so on and so forth in their radio systems. And we're right at the heart of that. The combination of ADI with Hittite makes us the, if you like, the supplier of choice when a customer's thinking of that physical layer interface between the air and the bits, if you like. So we're very, very happy with what we're seeing in terms of the revenue contribution from Hittite. In fact, in the past quarter, Hittite was up over the same quarter in the prior year. So I think overall, that's going well in terms of the revenue and profit contribution, in terms of the contribution in improving ADI's capacity to innovate in these radio systems, in 4G. And we're also now starting to get involved in producing, if you like, the architectures for 5G. But my sense is there's still a lot of legs in 4G. And from our perspective, what we're doing is driving technology and product leadership at key customers. And so I think this year will be about what the market does, and the indications are that the market is getting back into a pretty modest buy mode, I think. And the -- as I said, we have some very, very good momentum in terms of design-ins across the globe, which should bode well for '17 and beyond. 
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: I wanted to follow up on the industrial end market. It looks like it's performing seasonally, but from some of the other companies in this sector, we've heard about some weakness in certain geographies like China. So can you address the trends that you're seeing across your major geographies in that key end market? 
Vincent Roche: Well, from a geographic perspective, I would say the -- if you talk about the industrial space specifically, we actually had -- the strongest growth we had was in China last quarter, and Europe was the area of slowest growth. So I think it's a case of the macro, the situation in regard to oil exploration has really impacted the situation in America, and to some extent, Europe. But from our perspective, China was the area of strongest performance in the first quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. 
Amit Daryanani: I have a question on the gross margin line. I fully understand you guys had a fair bit of deleverage sequentially. But I'm wondering if there were any other factors that played in to the margin shortfall that you guys had on a sequential basis? And if you could specifically just maybe quantify the inventory reserves you had to take on the consumer side? 
David Zinsner: Yes, so as you point out, we -- I think we exited the fourth quarter around 66% gross margins. It came down to a little over 62%. About half of that was the fact that we lowered utilization in the fab. And obviously, when we do that, that has a pretty meaningful effect to the gross margins. And then the other half was inventory reserves. And the inventory reserves were specific to the consumer portable electronics business. We built up inventory to meet what we thought would be backlog in the first and, partially, second quarter. And as that forecast was taken down by the customer we were left with more inventory than we needed in the short term. And so we elected to reserve that inventory for that reason. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. 
Blayne Curtis: I just want to follow up on that, Dave. When you look at the consumer business, it's obviously down a lot more than others levered to that customer. Can you just talk about within the supply chain? And you mentioned writing off some of your own inventory, but when you look at the supply chain, was there inventory in that supply chain that you're working through? If you could talk about yields within the modules that your product goes into? And is that cleared up as you look at April, such that you could see an uptick in July as you saw last year? 
David Zinsner: Yes, I mean, I think that we were a relatively new product. And I think when that happens, I think the whole supply chain probably adds a bit of cushion along the way to make sure that they can all meet the demand. And of course, the end customer doesn't have absolute certainty in terms of what their end demand might look like, and so I'm sure they add a little bit of cushion there. As it turned out, that cushion across the whole supply chain, including the cushion we all had on our own balance sheet, wasn't necessary. And so as a result, you have the effect of an impact to our top line and the need to reserve some of that inventory for possible disposal. So I think, based on what we saw in the first quarter and based on the fact that there was a bit of demand expected in the back half of the second quarter, kind of a resumption to the order flows, we think that this will be behind us by the end of the second quarter and we'll be back to shipping with consumption. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
Vincent Celentano: This is Vince Celentano on for Steve. I had a question about the defense business. So the DoD recently released their 2017 proposal. They expected R&D to increase by about 4%. How close are you -- does this tie into your own defense business? And what are kind of the factors that determine whether it grows above or below this amount? 
David Zinsner: Well, I mean, I think, what we have seen is that the defense business has actually been performing quite well. In fact, I think in the first quarter, we were up double digits. So we continued to get maybe a disproportionate amount of -- as it trickles down to us, the capital spending that the government allocates to defense. Obviously, I think, anything where the government is adding expense or capital expense to the budgets of defense is going to be a good answer for us. In particular, because I think a lot of what they're doing are these military systems that require a lot of semiconductor, a lot of electronic content. And that obviously is beneficial to us. So we've been very pleased with the performance of the defense business. Obviously, the Hittite acquisition just supercharged it for us and has helped us do even better in that market. We're seeing all kinds of opportunities for our military components into that space. But not only that, we're actually figuring out ways to take things in the rest of our business that maybe were more commercial in nature and addressing those, that content to the military business to even grow it faster. So the pipeline looks great in that space, and I think we'll do very well over the next few years in that market. 
Vincent Roche: One of the things that's happening in that area is the mass digitization of a lot of old radio and microwave systems. So there's a huge cycle of upgrades that is in play and that will continue, we believe, for the next several years. So as Dave said, the combination of ADI's mixed-signal technology combined with Hittite's microwave prowess puts us in very, very good stead. And we're certainly seeing that in terms of the business growth in aerospace and defense over the last 12 or 18 months, and we expect it to be a good contributor to the industrial story over the coming years as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: Great job on the OpEx controls over the past few quarters. How should we think about OpEx beyond fiscal Q2? 
David Zinsner: Well, as we indicated in the prepared remarks, we do expect it to go up a little bit in the second quarter. The second and third quarter gets the impact of salary increases. And so there's kind of a natural lift. Although it's not significant in the second and third quarter, it will happen. After that, I think we're going to be very cautious about how we deploy capital and operating expenses until we're really clear on what the macro environment looks like. And so as we came into this year, Vince really set the edict that we basically are going to kind of keep the pie the same and we'll divide the pie differently based on the markets and product areas that we think are -- have the best opportunity for a return. And I think that's kind of going to be the mind-set for us for the foreseeable future unless things kind of change dramatically on the macro side. 
Operator: Our next question comes from CJ Muse with Evercore ISI. 
Christopher Muse: I guess a follow-up question on the inventory reserve and gross margins. Did you take reserve for your inventory or for inventory at ODMs? Part B, I guess, is that inventory now obsolete? Or could that be a tailwind to gross margin in the back half for the year? And then lastly, in terms of getting back to prior peak gross margin last year of 66.5%, what kind of step up in utilization do we need to see? 
Ali Husain: Okay, so a three-part question. Good. Yes, so first of all, on the inventory side. That inventory is not necessarily obsolete. So it's possible it could be used in the future. What was the other part of that specific question on the reserves? 
Christopher Muse: Were you taking reserves for your own inventory, or inventory at your -- at key ODMs? 
Ali Husain: Yes. No, once it ships out, it's not our inventory anymore. So we don't take reserves on that. This inventory was on our balance sheet. It was in our supply chain. So that's the inventory reserved. It is possible, like you said, if demand were to change in the back half of the year, it's possible that inventory does get sold. I wouldn't rule that out. In terms of the gross margins getting back north of 66%, I think we actually have a great shot at that. We're in, certainly in the first quarter, we were artificially low because of where utilizations were and because of these inventory reserves. We don't expect the inventory reserve situation to repeat itself in the second quarter. But even the utilization is not up to prior peaks. We're thinking it's going to be in the low -- the high 60s rather. And in fact, we've been in the high 70s in prior periods and that's at least 100 basis point improvement to the gross margins. So I think we have a good path towards getting our gross margins back north of 66% and actually probably in relatively short order. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Vivek Arya: I'm wondering if you could give us a sense for how large was your largest customer? And broadly, can you talk about diversification in your consumer business? It's obvious the results and the stock has been extremely volatile. And from our perspective, it's very hard to see whether you can or even want to maintain that socket. You might have it this year, but we don't know what the situation will be next year. So could you just give us some color on how we should think about modeling that volatility in your results? 
David Zinsner: Yes, so in the first quarter, I don't have the number right in front of me, but I think -- I'm fairly certain it was below 10%, our largest customer. And then it's a long tail after that. So we're pretty diversified from a customer perspective. I think it's a valid question as to do we want this business or not. Sometimes, we think about that ourselves based on The Street reactions. But I would tell you, this has been one of the single most successful products we've ever developed in terms of its return on investment. It was a relatively small amount of R&D investment. We were able to utilize technology that was highly proprietary that really cut -- was at the cutting edge of technology, and we were able to redeploy it and kind of customize it to a given customer that really made a difference in their application. And that's kind of our philosophy in consumer and it has always been our philosophy in consumer. And so we're going to continue to do that. There will probably be several different things we will do in the consumer space that will have characteristics like this that require -- that leverage our existing technology and drive great returns. And quite honestly, I think that the long-term shareholders of ADI want us to do that. They want us to drive good return on investment. There may be some volatility that happens from quarter-to-quarter, but over the long run, I think we'll be very happy. One of the things I think we cited was that, excluding this pension fund change-over that we had in the fourth quarter, we will have generated $1 billion in the last 12 months in cash flow. We wouldn't have gotten there without this thing. So we're all about driving cash flow and maximizing that and helping to maximize return on shareholders, and I think that this piece of business and business like this do that. 
Ali Husain: And I would just add, not only do we generate the $1 billion, but we returned $800 million of that. And given where the cash flows are, the yield on the free cash flow is somewhere around 6% or 7%, which is think 1.5x what the S&P is yielding. 
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Vinayak Rao: This is Vinayak calling for Craig. I had a quick follow-up on the comm business. It saw some good growth over the last couple of quarters in the communications side. And now from your earlier comments, it sounds like the business is taking a pause in April. What visibility do you have in that business? What are you hearing from customers? And if you can touch upon the trends you're seeing by geography for that segment. 
David Zinsner: Yes, so I wouldn't say it's taken a pause. I mean, we do expect it to be flat to up. And so I think it's, certainly, as I think -- and Ali mentioned in his prepared remarks, it's in the nascent part of a recovery. We have a pretty good visibility into the pipeline here because the design cycles tend to be a lot longer, particularly in areas like the consumer space. And so we kind of understand where our traction is in this space. And as Vince mentioned earlier, based on the way we read how things are going to transpire, given the newer technology that we're -- technologies that we're bring out into the wireless comms space, we think we're going to gain share over the course of the next couple of years. In addition, I think that the market has paused as well. Clearly, it paused significantly in China, and there is a real need for higher bandwidth. And as all these devices that we all hold dear to ourselves require more and more data, and video driving a lot of it now. And so our expectation is that there will be some capital spent in the wireless infrastructure space. That's what our customers are telling us. That's what their customers are telling them. We're excited about our position in that space. We think it will only strengthen. And so my guess is it's hard to call this for sure. But my guess is we'll be in a pretty consistent recovery phase over the next 18 months or so. And then, who knows when 5G comes around. But when 5G comes around, I think we're even in a better position, particularly given that a lot of that technology requires millimeter wave which is one of the key reasons we acquired Hittite. 
Vincent Roche: I think it's a market you've got to take a very long-term view to it. It's a space that we've been innovating in for the last 15, 18 years, as technologies became more and more digital in terms of their communications modalities across the various generations, so we're gaining strength every year in terms of technology and customer penetration. We know for sure that there's going to be more and more demand for spectral efficiency as people use more and more and more mobility, a higher bandwidth data stream is required. So there will be oscillations quarter-on-quarter, but overall, we believe it's a terrific space to be in. We're investing to win in that market in the radio space. And as I said, our position gets better year by year in terms of customer penetration and technology and product quality and availability. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: Vince, one for you on the automotive market. That was very helpful earlier when you gave some of those splits to your business. If I summarized it a different way, investors seemed to be a little bit concerned that the automotive market from a SAAR perspective is peaking. Could you give us any details on if you're seeing any evidence of peaking behavior? And then probably more importantly, how do you think of your business being unit driven as far as the unit build in the market versus content driven going forward? 
Ali Husain: Ross, let the take part of that and then I'll turn the rest over to Vince. I think from a SAR perspective, really what we saw towards the end of our fiscal year was China, particularly with the premium vehicle market there weakening. I think what we're seeing at this stage is that North America is still continuing to be pretty strong. The European vehicle registrations are continuing to be up. And I think very importantly for ADI is that the premium vehicle market in China seems to be stabilizing right now. So that's sort of a macro view in terms of the SAR. And then just secondly, I'd point out from another -- if you take a sort of from another macro view, is that when you look at the dealer inventories out there, those are in good shape. When you look at, again, the average age of vehicles, they're above their historical norms. So that would suggest that there is still some pent-up demand from the SAR perspective. But that's, I guess, our sort of 30,000-foot macro view of what's going on with the SAR, and I'll let Vince take the second half. 
Vincent Roche: Yes. Maybe just one other piece of additional information, light vehicle sales were strong. As Ali said, the luxury part of the market seems to have at least stabilized, maybe stalled a bit. But light vehicle sales have been stronger than expected in both, certainly, North America and Europe. So -- and part of our -- we were talking earlier just about the diversity of our business. Our business continues to become more diverse as we penetrate Asia more aggressively than we have in the past, building on the strength that we've had traditionally in Europe and America. So I think from our perspective, we've got a stronger portfolio than we've ever had. It's really going to be a case of, from an ADI perspective, how well we penetrate the socket. So irrespective of what happens in terms of SAR, we actually have some good momentum in terms of products and technology, which will enable us to get share. So I think it will be a tale of those 2 pieces. 
Ali Husain: And if I could just add some examples of the technologies that we're bringing to the market. ADAS systems, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, were up 22% year-over-year. That today is largely a 24 gig solution, and over the next couple of years will be in 77 gig solutions as that modality rolls out, puts us in very strong position to grow. Powertrain systems continue to be strong, again, as carmakers want to make cars more efficient. And finally, on the infotainment front, that's been a good market for us. I don't know if you noticed, but last month we announced a release with Ford Motor Company announcing what we call an A2B bus, which is basically: taking very high-end audio fidelity in cabin; takes out a bunch of weight of the car; still keeps fantastic audio quality within the vehicle. Then at the end of the day, it's a cheaper solution for the car manufacturer. So those are just some examples of the things that Vince was talking about. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. 
Ian Ing: My question is on the comms business, 20% off of the prior peak at this point. Xilinx talked about their comms segment's not likely achieving prior peaks in the near future. They talked about FTD in China being a smaller deployment than TDD. So for ADI, I mean, do you have the potential to reach prior peaks with some different exposure than Xilinx perhaps more on the microwave side? And what sort of time frame do you think that could happen? 
Vincent Roche: Well, we've got a bigger footprint now than we've ever had. I mean, just the combination of the investments that we've been making for the last several years to make sure that we have the most complete solutions in the radio space, combined with the microwave technologies that we've acquired through Hittite. So I think there are 3 parts we should think about. One is the macro, the macro cell, the small cell. We believe, for example, that we will see growth this year in macro cells. It will be relatively modest. We're also very well positioned in small cells. And I think it's becoming pretty clear that in China, China Mobile is going to deploy small cells this year. We have a very strong competitive mode that we've built in the area of software-defined transceivers that specifically address the small cell arena. And the point-to-point space has been modestly growing. It seems to have slowed as of late. But they're the 3 components. And we've got a bigger footprint. We're getting more penetration. I believe it will be more about market adoptions and what the carriers do in terms of CapEx on hardware versus other things, more so than what we do. So I think we're well positioned as growth continues to gain momentum here in that market. 
Ali Husain: And Ian, not that I'm keeping score, but we're 19% off of our peak, not 20%. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Chin with UBS. 
Stephen Chin: Vince, I want to drill down a bit on the distribution channel. Can you discuss the sell-in and sell-through rate [indiscernible] for the quarter and what your expectation is in the current April quarter as well? 
Ali Husain: Well, I'll take a first stab at that and then I can let either Vince or Dave come in. So when we look at the distributor channel this quarter, inventory on a weeks basis, as I think Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks, were 7.5 weeks, which is pretty consistent over the last several quarters. Deferred revenue, which is a pretty good proxy for inventory in the channel at revenue dollars, was down 1% sequentially. So the channel, I'd say, is behaving itself. I think a lot of the inventory is on the supplier balance sheets. And I think folks are doing a good job of managing the actual channel. I think when you look at some of the outlooks painted by some of the larger distributors out there, it appears to be a pretty mixed environment. And of course, if you look at -- that is a proxy for industrial business, as Dave mentioned earlier, if you sort of back into the guidance. We're guiding industrial to be in somewhat of a seasonal range, but likely to be sort of at the lower end of that seasonal range. But I don't know if, Vince, you want to add anything to that? 
Vincent Roche: I think what you said is correct in terms of you can take our industrial business as a good proxy for what's happening in the channel. So the book to bill is positive at this point in time. And as Ali said, we've got modest expectations based largely by the fact that the macro backdrop is, to say the least, volatile at this point in time. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies. 
Mark Lipacis: This is Mark Lipacis. Dave, you mentioned you're cautious and that there's perturbations in China. But the orders in the nonconsumer businesses seem seasonal given the timing of the Lunar New Year. And Vince noted that the China industrial market was the strongest industrial market. So I'm trying to reconcile what appears to be seasonal order patterns with your cautiousness. Are customers or distributors throwing up flags? Or is there some other analysis or signals that's driving your cautiousness? 
David Zinsner: Yes, only the -- and when I say perturbation, I mean, what you read in the Wall Street Journal and see on CNBC more than anything. But certainly, in our -- what we see from an order flow perspective would lead you to be -- feel pretty good about the situation from a macro perspective. But I just think we've got to be -- we got to recognize that there is uncertainty in the market. I think our customers generally feel the same, feel this uncertainty and just aren't sure what the outcome will look like for this year. And the result, I think, when those situations arise, it's best to be on the cautious side of things. And if things turn out to be more positive, that would be great. We'll put the money to work at that point. And if it doesn't, we'll have protected our income statement. 
Vincent Roche: If you look at what our customers are predicting for this point, this year versus the same period last year, it was a lot more caution. I think all the big industrial companies are projecting very, very low single-digit growth or flatness through the year. So you've got to take all that into account when you're trying to run your business here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman with Sterne Agee. 
Douglas Freedman: It really relates to your M&A strategy. We've seen in the market's taking a little bit different tack towards deals in the semiconductor space. Those guys that have chosen to lever up and do things have not been received as well. Does this weigh into your thinking at all? And can you give us an update on how you view M&A? And what the opportunities you see out there today? 
David Zinsner: Yes, I think that for us, we have a pretty high bar. We have a high bar in terms of it's got to add innovation that's core to what we do. It's got to hit all -- it's got to hit the customer base. It's got to be something that the customers turn around and say, well, "That was a good idea. We really needed you to have that technology." And then it's, obviously, got to check the box on all the financial parameters that we have. And like I said, the bar is pretty high in terms of what we'd like to see from that perspective. And so I think that in that regard, we take a pretty, kind of systematic disciplined approach to it. That's the reason we did Hittite and that's the reason we haven't aggressively tried to find other deals just to fill the coffer with M&A -- an M&A pipeline. What we've done is we've been carefully looking. I would tell you that we've kicked the tires on a lot of different ideas over the last year or so and not one of them has reached the high bar that we set. That's not to say that there won't be one down the road. And I think when that happens, we'll go to our shareholders and I think, given the bar we've set, we'll give them a pretty compelling reason as to why we want to utilize their precious cash to go do that acquisition. And so I think it will end up being positively received in that case. I think we're doing M&A for the sake of M&A, that's when things tend to turn on you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. 
Tristan Gerra: As a follow-up to a prior question, what's your sense of the timing for the initial run-up in 5G? And what's the percentage content increase ADI has relative to 4G? And also, what geographies offer the highest growth opportunities for the remaining leg of 4G growth? 
David Zinsner: Yes, so I mean, usually, when you go transition from generation to generation, it's easily into the double digits bomb increase on those transitions. I can't tell you when exactly 5G will roll out. I'm going to say it's a few years away at this point. There might be little pockets of early adoption. But most of that is a couple of years away, I think, for us. But when it comes, we're well positioned for that. 4G is pretty well, certainly, deployed in North America. Although I think there are areas where it needs to be densified. China still has a few things to roll out depending if they have -- they change I think sometimes what their -- the way they want to deploy that technology. But over time, over the next couple of years, I think, they'll be in a good position. The rest of the world is actually -- outside of maybe a few areas like Korea or something, are actually in pretty old generations, particularly in Europe. And so I think there's a lot of room for 4G deployment before we even get into where the 5G takes us. 
Vincent Roche: 4G still has a lot of legs. As Dave said, it will be multiple years before 5G comes into play. And you might be surprised to know that if you take the typical customer that we have in the base station area, the macro base station area, the product replenishment rate of the radio is very frequent. There are many, many new radios developed every month for different regions, different spectral usage and so on and so forth within 4G. So there's a lot of innovation and a lot of edge that we can still bring in terms of technology to 4G. And that's what we're doing. When we make the step to 5G, the frequencies increase, the data rates increase. It's got to be much more spectrally efficient than 4G. It needs lower latency and so on and so forth and all to drive the improved coverage and the quality of service. So when that happens, we will have been at the forefront of helping our customers architect what 5G looks like in terms of the radio. So it will be multiple years. But I'm still bullish on 4G and what we can do in that area in terms of bringing ever-increasing levels of innovation and increasing our footprint there. 
Operator: Our next question is from Deepon Nag with Macquarie. 
Deepon Nag: Dave, the dividend increase that you did is probably the lowest, I think it's the lowest you've done since 2009. But repurchases in Q1 were at a very high level. So is there a change in the way you guys kind of view your mix of returning capital? And then on fiscal Q2, are you going to take any more inventory reserve? Because the gross margin leverage, I guess, is a little bit lower than what I would've thought just given the mix and the ramp in the utilization rates. 
David Zinsner: Yes. So no, I mean, philosophically, I guess at the top, we really want to deploy 80% of our cash back to shareholders. And I think the way we look at it, is we try to maintain a balance. Clearly, the stock has weakened a bit since its peak. And so we recognize that the buyback is probably going to be fairly active for at least some period of time. And so I think that was really the primary reason why the dividend increase was smaller because we're trying to maintain the balance to get the return to 80%. I wouldn't read into anything more than that. We do have a stated target that will kind of stay between 5% and 10% a year increases in the dividend. It still stayed within that range. But what -- as you've point out it was on the low end because we think the buyback will be a bit stronger. From an inventory reserve perspective, we think we've taken care of that situation and that we don't expect that to repeat in the second quarter. I'd say the primary reason why the gross margins haven't -- I think, they got up to north of 66% probably in the second quarter of last year. And the reason they're about 100 basis points below that is because of the utilization levels. We aren't ramping the utilization up quite as much this quarter versus last year at this time. And fundamentally, it's just, I think, a mix. There are certain things that get done internally; certain things that we leverage outside partners for; and the way the revenue's going to fall out, I think, for the second quarter is going to be a little bit more disproportionately to the outside wafers that we get from foundry. And so as a result, we won't be cranking the factory up as much in the second quarter. On top of that, we do -- we are focused on the inventory levels of the products we build internally and we didn't want that to get too high. So hopefully, in the third and fourth quarter, this momentum that we think we have in the B2B space continues. That certainly has more wafers manufactured internally. And so we'd expect to see the utilization come up over the course of the year and that will -- should be a pretty good tailwind to gross margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: I just had a quick follow-up. Could you talk a little bit about the thinking behind carrying $1.7 billion of debt? 
David Zinsner: Good question, Tore. So when we -- as we came into like that December month, we knew that we had a $375 million bond that was coming due in April of this year. We also thought that we might be using some of the U.S. cash in the near term for an acquisition. And the rates were pretty attractive. The market was pretty excited. And we were particularly excited by the fact that we could get 30-year debt in some cases or in some amounts at rates that, on a tax-effective basis, would be kind of less than the dividend yield. So we thought that those things combined meant that it would be a good idea to go into the market, get the cash and be ready. As it turned out, the acquisition that we were thinking about, we didn't end up consummating. We did refinance the bond, so that utilized some of the cash that we raised. The rest of it does sit on our balance sheet in the U.S. But I think we will, over time, find very good accretive uses for that cash. It was relatively cheap money. We will look to use it in situations where we need U.S. cash for M&A, which is where as I've mentioned we're using some of the cash for buybacks and so that'll obviously be an accretive use of the cash as well. So it -- in terms of net cash, which is the number we're more focused on, we think we'll find ways to kind of bring that down over time. One of the disconnects we have is we generate 2/3 of our cash offshore, but a lot of our uses, like some of the M&A and some of the -- and certainly the buyback activity utilize U.S. cash. And so we sometimes need to add leverage to the U.S. balance sheet in order to make those happen and the cash accumulates offshore. 
Operator: Our final question comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Yes, I was going to ask the debt question, but I'll ask another one. Vince, can you talk a little bit just about within the consumer space, how we should think about sort of pricing over time and your ability to bring down cost on your solutions that you bring to the consumer market, especially as you go into sort of second- and third-generation products from your customer? 
Vincent Roche: Well, John, we're very discriminating in terms of how we play the game everywhere, not just in consumer, everywhere. But particularly in consumer, we've been very clear that we need to have a strong grasp of the complexity of the application and the quality of the solution that we're bringing. So we're playing really at the high performance edge. There are many, many things we can do. But we are very discriminating about the things we take on, and we are -- that's the basis on which we're playing. So we're leveraging, if you like, precision core technology that we sell into many, many different sockets in many, many different applications. And I think as Ali said earlier that we're -- if we hit the right places, we get terrific ROI on a technology that we customize in a particular application space in consumer. So I mean, that's the pieces. That's how we play within that space and we -- when we hit it, we hit it very, very well. 
Ali Husain: Great. Well, thank you, John. Thanks for all our callers this morning. I have to admit, I do like this morning call. As a reminder, our second quarter '16 results will be issued Wednesday, May 18, 2016 at 8 a.m. Eastern and the earnings call will begin 2 hours later at 10 a.m. Eastern. So thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you soon. And for those in Massachusetts, enjoy the school vacation week. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-11-23 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Analog Devices Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Ali Husain, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Ali Husain: All right, great. Thanks, Jennifer, and it feels good to say good morning everyone. Thank you for joining ADI's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. You can find our press release and related financial schedules on our investor page at investor.analog.com. 
 As usual, this morning, I'm joined by ADI's CEO, Vince Roche; and ADI's CFO, Dave Zinsner. The agenda for this morning is as follows. First, we'll provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and fiscal '15 results, and then we'll provide our current thinking and our outlook for the first quarter of 2016, and finally, Vince will capstone the prepared remarks, following which we'll open up the lines for Q&A. 
 So before we start, let's get through the important disclosures we have to make every quarter. Please note the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-K. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we have reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in today's earnings release, which we have posted on our IR page at investor.analog.com. 
 So let's get started. As you've likely seen from the press release, ADI had another very strong quarter. Revenue in the fourth quarter totaled $979 million, increasing 13% sequentially and 20% year-over-year. These results were above the high end of our guidance range, primarily due to strength in Portable Consumer Devices, and to a lesser extent, from some recovery in the wireless communications infrastructure market. For our just completed fiscal 2015, revenue totaled $3.4 billion, with Industrial Applications representing the largest portion at $1.5 billion or 44% of sales. The balance of revenue for the year was about evenly distributed across Consumer, Communications and Automotive applications. So during the fourth quarter, continued strength in Consumer Portable Devices resulted in $317 million of Consumer revenue, which was a sequential increase of 53%. Here, our precision technology platforms are being leveraged to deliver highly innovative user experiences and are driving very strong ROI for ADI's R&D investments. 
 Revenue from Communications Infrastructure customers represented 16% of revenue, an increase of 12% sequentially in the fourth quarter, which was ahead of expectations. Wireline applications decreased sequentially while the combination of inventory replenishment and improving wireless CapEx spend drove our strong wireless infrastructure sequential revenue performance, as customers continued to deploy our highly innovative micro AF and RF solutions. Now despite this near-term rebound, wireless base station deployments are well below prior peaks and I'd say the same is true for ADI's wireless infrastructure sales. 
 During the fourth quarter, our broad and highly diversified industrial end market decreased 4% sequentially, which was in line with seasonal patterns. All of the industrial subsegments within the industrial business declined sequentially, with the exception of Aerospace and Defense, which was stable to the prior quarter.  And as you know, the industrial market is our most diverse customer base. It spans many different subsegments. It requires our highest performance technology, as you well know. It also supports very long life cycles and earns above corporate average gross margins. 
 During the fourth quarter, our automotive business had 14% of sales, performed in line with expectations and was stable to the prior quarter. While near-term demand, we believe, is being impacted by lower-than-anticipated sales of premium vehicles in China, premium automotive suppliers continue to incorporate ADI's high performance technologies and applications such as radar-based Advanced Driver Assistance Systems and powertrain efficiency systems, which grew 33% and 10%, respectively, during the fiscal year '15. Automotive revenue for the year totaled $526 million, growing at a 9% revenue CAGR over the past 5 years, which is in fact 3x the rate of vehicle unit growth over this period. So in total, ADI's fiscal '15 revenue increased 20% from the prior year and totaled $3.4 billion. 
 So now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the fourth quarter and in fiscal '15. With the exception of revenue and other expense, Dave's comments in fourth quarter and fiscal '15 P&L line items, free cash flow and free cash flow margin will exclude special items, which in the aggregate totaled $243 million for the quarter and $335 million, respectively, for the year. When comparing our fourth quarter and full year performance to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior quarter and year-over-year results, and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their comparable GAAP measures are included on Schedule E and Schedule F in today's earnings release. 
 So with that, Dave, I'll turn it over to you. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Ali. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The fourth quarter was once again a very strong and profitable quarter for ADI, and we set records for quarterly revenue, earnings per share and cash flow generation. Revenue this quarter increased to a record $979 million, and diluted earnings per share was $1.03, with both results above the high end of our guidance. Gross margins this quarter were 65.7%, which was in line with our guidance, and down 40 basis points from the prior quarter primarily due to mix. Days of inventory in the fourth quarter decreased to 114 days from the prior quarters 128 days primarily on higher revenue. And dollars of inventory decreased $12 million over the prior quarter. Weeks of inventory and distribution were approximately 7.5 weeks, which was consistent with the prior quarter. Total end customer orders decreased in the fourth quarter as compared to the third, which is quite typical in advance of a seasonally slow first quarter and our book-to-bill was below 1. 
 Operating expenses in the fourth quarter increased 6% sequentially, lagging well behind the 13% sequential increase in revenue as we continued to manage operating costs very tightly, allowing us to gain more operating leverage in our model. As a percent of sales, operating expenses in the fourth quarter declined over 200 basis points compared to the prior quarter, and declined over 300 basis points compared to the same period a year ago. Operating profits before tax increased to $351 million or 35.9% of sales, which is 170 basis points higher compared to the prior quarter and 270 basis points higher than the same quarter in the prior year. Other expense in the fourth quarter was approximately $4 million and represented the net interest expense on our debt. Our annual tax rate was lower than the rate we had anticipated at the end of our third quarter. As a result, we trued up our tax rate in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, which had the effect of increasing the fourth quarter EPS by $0.10 per share. Even when excluding the positive impact from the tax adjustment, diluted earnings per share grew 21% sequentially on the 13% increase in revenue, and was again above the high end of our guidance. 
 Cash flow in the fourth quarter was very strong. Excluding a special payment associated with the conversion of our Irish pension plan, ADI generated $422 million or 43% of sales in operating cash flow, and CapEx was $46 million, resulting in free cash flow of $376 million or 38% of revenue. Fiscal year '15 capital spending was $154 million, and our plan for 2016 is for capital spending to be between $140 million and $160 million. At the end of the fourth quarter, our cash and short-term investment balance was $3 billion, with approximately $700 million available domestically. We had approximately $870 million in debt outstanding, which resulted in a net cash position of $2.1 billion. 
 During the quarter, we returned $237 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, which included higher share buyback activity of $112 million, as our buyback program responded to the volatility in our stock price. On November 23, 2015, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per outstanding share of common stock. This dividend will be paid on December 15 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on December 4. 
 Now let me take a moment to talk about our performance in 2015. Revenues of $3.4 billion increased 20% over the prior year, and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 33% to $3.17. Our cash flow generation was strong during the year. Excluding the previously mentioned Irish pension plan, operating cash flows were 33% of sales or over $1 billion, and free cash flow was 29% of sales or $978 million for the year. During the year, we returned $718 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. We also increased our dividend by 8% in fiscal 2015, which was our 12th dividend increase in the last 11 years. All told, ADI had a very good fourth quarter and fiscal 2015. Our financial model converted top line growth into very strong earnings growth, and we continued to generate strong cash flows, while enhancing shareholder returns. 
 So now to our outlook for the first quarter, which with the exception of revenue expectations, is on a non-GAAP basis, and exclude special items that are outlined in today's release. Our current expectations for the first quarter of 2016 is for revenue to be in the range of $805 million to $855 million, which would represent a sequential revenue decline of approximately 18% to 13%. It is important to note that excluding consumer, ADI revenues at the midpoint of this range are expected to decline sequentially at a mid-single-digit rate, which is in line with seasonal trends. The most significant sequential revenue decrease is expected to be in our consumer business, which is seasonally down in the first quarter, but will likely exhibit more pronounced seasonality after a very strong fourth quarter in which it grew 53% sequentially. 
 In the industrial and automotive markets, we also believe that seasonal trends will largely prevail. Our communications infrastructure business is expected to remain relatively stable to fourth quarter levels, ahead of seasonal patterns on a continuation of the modest, but steady recovery in this market. The midpoint of our guidance range represents an increase of 8% year-over-year, and would mark the 9th consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue increases for ADI, which would be quite a good achievement. Given our plan for lower sequential revenue, and as is typical in our first fiscal quarter, we are reducing production levels in the first quarter to approximately 60% from their current mid-70% level. As a result, we expect first quarter 2016 gross margins to be approximately 64.5%. By remaining disciplined on our production levels, we believe inventories will be well-positioned to support strong leverage once we resume sequential revenue growth. We expect operating expenses in the first quarter to be between $274 million and $279 million, which would represent a sequential decline of approximately 6%. We're planning for our tax rate to be approximately 14% in the first quarter, which is also our planned non-GAAP tax rate for fiscal 2016. 
 In total, excluding special items, we expect diluted earnings per share in the first quarter to be between $0.65 and $0.73. At the midpoint of this range, diluted earnings per share is expected to grow 10% year-over-year, and this would represent the 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year earnings per share growth for ADI, which would also be a very good result. We believe that our financial results are a good proof point that our strategy to focus on sustainable innovation across diverse applications and markets is working. And with that, I'll turn it over to Vince. 
Vincent Roche: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. As Dave and Ali have highlighted, fiscal '15 was a very good year for ADI in terms of our financial performance. Our strategy, which emphasizes technology innovation and platform reuse across a diversity of applications, proved itself once again. Thus, even though the uncertain macro economy impacted industrial and automotive, and cyclical headwinds reduced communications infrastructure sales, these were more than offset by significant uptake of our signal processing technology in portable consumer devices. It was also an excellent year in terms of key accomplishments. In 2015, we successfully integrated Hittite and expanded available opportunities that we believe will deliver strong revenue synergies starting in 2017. Our integration teams and processes are finally tuned and have successfully achieved our 2015 cost synergy targets, which are expected to accelerate further in 2016. During the year, we continued to align our investments to critical strategic priorities, streamlining our management structure, while making investments to support our future growth. 
 But as we take stock at the end of this fiscal year, I think it's important to look at our past performance over a longer period and provide investors some context on where we have come from and where we want to take our company. Over the last 3 years, despite an uneven macroeconomic backdrop, we have grown our revenue at an 8% annualized growth rate, and we have converted this top line growth into 14% diluted earnings per share growth. We've also been committed to returning cash to our investors. Over the last 3 years, we have grown our dividend at a 10% annualized rate while returning $2 billion to shareholders in dividends and share buybacks. And our annualized TSR over this period is 16%, which is in fact higher than the S&P 500 return over this period. 
 As Dave mentioned, ADI's FY '15 diluted earnings per share were $3.17, and it is our goal to increase our non-GAAP earnings per share to up to $5 by fiscal 2020. And I think this is also an opportune time to point out that as we stand today, we are in fact ahead of the schedule and reaching this goal. We've also invested and continued to invest in future growth opportunities. Over the past 3 years, we've invested over $4 billion in future growth initiatives through R&D, M&A and capital additions. These are significant investments that we believe have been made at the right time in our company's history, and hold us in good stead for the coming opportunities that we believe will drive our future growth. 
 Over our first 50 years, we have created a tremendous market share position in the foundational technologies that form virtual bridges between the physical and digital worlds. When customers need to reliably sense, measure, interpret and connect physical, chemical and biological phenomena to computational domain, ADI has become their go-to supplier. It is our view that as the world becomes increasingly connected and machines become more autonomous, the demand for more and more virtual bridges is quite likely to increase, and this trend clearly plays to our core capabilities. In our terminology, we believe that the information and communications technology sector has entered its third wave. The first 2 waves were dominated by big iron, personal computing, mobility and connectivity. Various monikers are being applied to the third wave, such as the Internet of Things, Industrial 4.0 and so on. Whatever it's called, it's going to be about the pervasive use of artificial sensory and computing power for people and machines to see, to hear, to feel and so on throughout the physical space. As this third wave begins to take shape, it is creating growth opportunities for ADI that we expect will be beyond those achieved in the prior 2 waves. 
 ADI's 50 years of signal processing leadership is at the center of this third wave. With the combination of the cloud and big data, we can enable a real-time understanding of what's going on in our world, so that we can act, react and predict in high-value applications in areas such as healthcare, industrial and automotive applications for example. In fact, existing and new customers are inviting ADI to help them to build even more virtual bridges to enable them to unlock the latent value, and create potential new revenue streams. For example, many of our industrial customers, who in the past, may have worked with us to control the most valuable engines and industrial machines are today looking to massively instrument those very same machines, and capture the value created by the data they generate. The value of the information generated, in fact, has the potential to become even greater than the value of the actual thing it is connected to, and this is very exciting for our customers, and in turn, it's also very exciting for us here at ADI. 
 We are the acknowledged market leader in converters and amplifiers, 2 of the most critical technologies that bridge the physical and digital worlds. And we've also focused significant technical talent over many years on the development of ultralow power sensors and microcontrollers that are optimized for reliable, power efficient IoT solutions. Equally as important, our recent acquisition of Hittite means that ADI also possesses the full range of connectivity solutions necessary to transmit data to the cloud for analysis of trends and patterns, and then, back to the node to be acted upon. 
 We've made steady progress this year in applying our silicon technology and algorithm heritage and strengths in deep domain and applications knowledge of the physical edge to create complete sensor to cloud solutions that are efficient, secure and reliable. This creates the possibility for ADI to not only create but also to capture additional value as we move more deeply into the information spectrum. We will continue to build momentum in these novel growth applications in the years ahead, while ensuring that we continue to strengthen our technologies and customer engagements in our core business. At ADI, we're very excited about applying our expertise to create solutions that solve the most important problems, leading to smarter cities, smarter buildings and factories, as well as transforming health care, and ultimately, people's lives. Now these are just some of the myriad applications, with which we are helping our customers. Our customers are increasingly involving ADI early in their innovation conversations, and leveraging our capabilities to architect solutions to these very tough challenges. As the third wave takes route, we expect that growth from these high-performance solutions will drive future revenue and profit growth for ADI. 
 So before I finish, I would just like to reiterate our outspoken strategic objectives. Firstly, we believe that innovation drives business success. We focus on sizable markets that value the performance we deliver in high-value areas at the intersection of the physical and digital worlds. Secondly, we believe in diversity of markets, applications and customers. We place many modest new product bets in carefully chosen applications, and engage directly with the customers that represent a very large part of our served available market. Diversity ensures sustainability and resilience, and this has been proven by our ability to successfully navigate the extraordinary transitions in the semiconductor industry over the past 50 years. 
 Thirdly, innovation and diversity enable ADI to build wide and sustainable economic moats that enhance shareholder value, and of course, this is all made possible by the talent, the ingenuity and passion of our global workforce, who continuously raise the standards and technology, customer engagement, supply chain and myriad other areas in a business as complex as ours. As the markets we serve move closer to ADI, I firmly believe our best days lay ahead of us. Thank you. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Vince. For those listeners interested in learning more about ADI and the IoT space, we recently webcast a 45-minute presentation that actually goes in with this topic in much greater detail. You can find all that information on our IR page. 
 Okay. So let's talk quickly about how we run the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] With that, operator, let's go to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura Securities. 
Romit Shah: Dave, just historically, April has been one of your better periods in the year. I think, on average, probably up mid to high single digits, but now that consumer is such a more significant portion of the business, how do you think about seasonality in the April period? 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Romit. I think you're right in that, obviously, when we are more concentrated in industrial, we would have seen a much bigger ramp seasonally in the second quarter, which we expect to see that seasonality in the second quarter for industrial, but consumer now is a larger portion of our revenue. It's a bit of a wildcard. I think that, that quarter is generally seasonally down a little bit. Obviously, we don't have any visibility into the quarter yet, but that would mute a little bit the sequential increase that you would typically see in the second quarter. But as you know, this is a semiconductor business, and you never really know how things will pan out until you're really up on top of that quarter and can make a better determination. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup. 
Christopher Danely: So look, what happened in October and January, a little more revenue volatility than historical at ADI. So I guess to continue on Romit's question, how do we think about seasonality in 2016? And with that $980 million quarterly revenue bogey, what gives you confidence you guys can exceed $980 million in either the July or the October quarter in 2016? Maybe just talk about just visibility on the consumer front. 
David Zinsner: Yes. I mean, this is -- we'll have obviously a larger consumer business. Generally, the second half of the year is much stronger than the first half of the year at least from a fiscal year basis for us, given that that's generally when new product launches happen, Christmas builds happen and so forth. So that will definitely change the seasonality a bit for the overall company. My guess is that typical seasonality for ADI is going to be relatively similar sequential increases every quarter for different reasons. Obviously, the second quarter will be more of an industrial story. The third and fourth quarter will likely to be more of a consumer story. And what was your other question, Chris? I missed it. 
Christopher Danely: Just talk about visibility on the consumer front. How do you feel about maintaining market share there in the second half of the year? Will this exceed $980 million in revenue? 
David Zinsner: Well, again, we have real confidence in revenue when we actually have orders. We have orders usually out about through the following quarter. So it's difficult for me to say what's going to happen over the next few quarters. But I would say our position with all of our large customers is very strong, and we expect to have a strong position with all of those customers out for the distant future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: I guess another question on the consumer side. If you look at the revenue ramp over the last several quarters, the vast majority of that's been driven by force touch. You guys are a relatively new supplier for a new application that the customer feels is important enough that they actually highlighted in kind of their advertising, and we know there's been some yield issues on the module away from you. And if we kind of try to get back into your sort of revenue coming from force touch and try to equate that to a unit number for your customer, it does appear that you're over shipping. And so Dave, I was wondering if you could help us understand, when you look at the January quarter, do you think you are over shipping to your customer right now? And when you look at the guidance for consumer, in the January quarter, do you get most of that back in January, so you feel more comfortable that you're not over shipping the demand right now? 
David Zinsner: All right. Let me start by saying that, obviously, we don't talk about individual products and individual customers. Our customers don't appreciate that, and it's really up to them to start talking about what their end markets are doing and their applications are doing, but I'll talk to specifically about our consumer business. Clearly, the first, -- or the back half of this year had a very good ramp. And that was driven not by one single product, and quite honestly, not by one single customer. We did announce in our 10-K, we had a 13% customer for the year. So obviously -- and that's unique. So obviously, we do have one customer that did quite well. But there are a lot of things that did very well for us in the consumer business in the back half of the year. So that's one thing, I think, everyone should keep in mind. Clearly, when you have a big ramp like we did in the fourth quarter, and we telegraph a decent sequential decline in the first quarter, that would indicate something is going on, and I think it's safe to assume that there probably was inventory that built in the fourth quarter for reasons that are specific to those customers and how they want to manage their supply chains and so forth. But I don't think it was anything out of the ordinary. That, I think, is relatively typical for how those customers manage their inventory, and as is the first quarter decline, which I think starts to digest that inventory. I don't know how long it takes for that whole thing to kind of smooth out, a consumer business of this size, particularly driven off of portables is a bit different for us than we have historically had a position in. So you want to kind of see how it goes, but we'll -- my guess is that it picks back up in the third and fourth quarter and does quite well. And all of that stuff will make sense to all of you guys to try to back into end consumption and so forth. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: Dave, on the gross margin outlook, with the sequential decrease, can you just frame up some of the gives and takes? Because it would seem like mix would be a tailwind to gross margin, but volume looks like a headwind. What was utilization in the quarter and where do you think it is from the outlook? And what is your ability to control the inventory mean for the gross margin trajectory as we look out to the April quarter and beyond? 
David Zinsner: Yes. So I think I talked about utilization was in -- help me out, Ali. What... 
Ali Husain: Utilization in the quarter was about 70%. 
David Zinsner: Yes, it's 70% 
Ali Husain: But we're bringing it down to about 60% in the first quarter. 
David Zinsner: Right, and so that's -- that obviously will drive most of the gross margin decline. There is a bit of a mix also, as you point out, that is driving a little bit of the gross margins. I would say that the mix decline, fourth quarter to first quarter, has a little bit more to do with, believe it or not, mix within the industrial space, not mix within our broader business categories. And so that's what will drive the gross margins on the -- after that, obviously, we'd expect to be bringing back our utilization. Hopefully, seasonally, we see a strong industrial ramp in the second quarter and that would certainly drive better volume within the factories and should get the gross margins back up to the levels that we see today. 
Ali Husain: Our industrial business today, Craig, is about 10-odd-percent off of its revenue peaks that we achieved back in sort of the third quarter of 2014. So I think our goal here is to really get the inventories in good shape, which we're trying to do here in the first quarter with pretty low utilization rates precisely for that reason, to get inventories in good shape for what we hope will be sort of a seasonal second quarter. Obviously, it's too early to call that at this stage. But if we do see sort of seasonality in the second quarter, then industrial generally does better, and we should see some pretty good gross margins and drop through at earnings. So I hope that answers the question and let's get to the next caller. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: Yes. So your backlog is up 16%. Is there anything I can read into that number? And I'm thinking especially, since your backlog is obviously for several months further out, if we sort of take the consumer out of that equation, does that number sort of signal that your industrial and communications business is strengthening? 
David Zinsner: Well, I think -- yes, most of it is, I think at the midpoint of our guidance, we're looking at 8% year-over-year. Because if I'm not mistaken, the backlog that you're talking about, Tore, in the 10-K, is a comparison of the backlog coming into last year versus the backlog coming into this year. And we are predicting revenue to be up 8%. So it's not surprising that backlog would be up. The other thing is, I think in some cases, the consumer business, which will be up year-over-year probably pretty meaningfully, gives us a little bit more visibility than some of the other markets. And so from a mix perspective, that actually helps on the visibility in terms of backlog. But it really isn't extending the visibility at all. It's still all shippable within the quarter and for the most part and really doesn't influence how we would think that the second quarter would pan out. 
Ali Husain: And let me just, Tore, give you a little bit of color. You mentioned specifically industrial and communications infrastructure. So let me just give you a little bit of color around the bookings in the quarter. For industrial, we saw August quite weak as it generally is seasonally in that month. September was actually quite stable, which is a bit of an anomaly, really, in the industrial business. Generally speaking, September comes back quite nicely. This time around, it was actually quite stable to August levels. And I think if you remember back, there were some pretty screaming macro headlines at that point in time. Interestingly then, the October month actually was quite strong for the industrial business. And November seems to have leveled off here a little bit. And I think we're feeling pretty good about the environment, generally thinking about a pretty seasonal sort of environment for the first quarter for industrial. We haven't mentioned it yet, but the weeks of inventory and distribution were 7.5 weeks, consistent with the prior quarter. Our deferred gross revenue balance, which was a pretty good proxy for inventory in the channel of revenue dollars, was down 2% in the quarter. So I think it's all sort of hanging together there as far as we can tell here for the next quarter, and that's sort of -- definitely in our guidance. On the Communications Infrastructure side, it was up 12% sequentially this quarter in terms of revenue. Wireline was down somewhat, so the implication there is that wireless actually did better than the 12%, which it in fact did. I think most of that we told you last quarter that we felt that we were under shipping end demand in that space. I think a lot of that this quarter in terms of revenue performance was a result of inventory coming back in line with end demand. We're starting to see some good base station deployment activity there, although still, it's obviously early to call. But in terms of the order flows in comms during the quarter, we actually saw better order flow every month of the quarter in the comms space. So that's where we're at. I hope that answered the question, and let's get to our next caller. 
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: Yes. Just wanted to discuss your approach to capital allocation. If I look at it, you've had a healthy mix. You're certainly focused on dividend increases, the Hittite deal, opportunistic M&A. On the M&A front and especially as the industry consolidates, just how you approached that relative to the return of cash and any type of metrics you're most focused on. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Craig. Yes, so obviously, we are focused on the dividend. We mentioned it in the prepared remarks that we would like to see that continually increase. I think we've got 12 increases in the last 11 years. So we'd like to keep on that pace. We do, do opportunistic buybacks. We think some of our shareholders do favor the buyback or at least appreciate the buyback. And so we have maintained a relatively consistent approach. It does tend to buyback more when the stock is weaker, which I think is -- provides a good return on investment for the shareholders. And then lastly, as you pointed out, Craig, we do have an M&A approach. We are -- we have a very high bar in terms of M&A. We don't -- we certainly don't look or bang the -- kick the tires on a lot of deals. We pick ones that are of very high-quality. It really starts with companies that have a high degree of innovation and where that innovation is, I guess, complementary to our own technology with our existing customer base. And so we will do deals from time to time. They generally will be in the Hittite kind of size range or probably lower in some cases. We're actively looking at things. When you look at -- when you tend to look at businesses that do have a high degree of innovation, it usually comes with really good gross margins, very good operating margins, very good returns on R&D investments and so forth. So I think from a financial perspective, those are somewhat of the outputs as opposed to the inputs. But they do -- those do tend to go hand in glove with really innovative companies. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess one of the biggest things that people tend to talk about you guys recently is just the concentration issue with your largest customer at this point. So maybe if you just talk about the solution of the products you have with your largest customer, the potential to expand that into other solutions and to other vectors, be that consumer [indiscernible] different sectors. And would you ever look at M&A as a way to diversify concentration? 
Vincent Roche: Well actually, we have never been more diversified as a company. We have more products in the portfolio than we've ever had. We address more customers than we've ever addressed. So we're actually, as a company, in a very, very good position on that front. With regard to the consumer market in general, we have very strong leverage from our core technology platforms. In the consumer business, it tends to be more of a precision-oriented product-development effort. And so we get very strong leverage, for example, from our industrial product base, which tends to be precision-oriented inherently. So we're looking always for areas. Innovation comes first for us. We build the core technologies. We platform-ize the technology, bring it to as many applications as we possibly can. And in the consumer area, we're picking out the very, very highest level challenges that we can possibly address, and we believe those problems are sustainable over time. Of course, time will tell whether that's well founded or not. But we believe we're in a very, very good position. And as Dave mentioned earlier, even within the -- each customer, we look for diversification of applications and products and technology, and that is the case everywhere we're playing in the consumer area as well. 
David Zinsner: And I'd just add, on the M&A front, we don't drive our M&A off of a kind of a diversification approach because we're concentrated with one customer. We do pick usually companies that have a lot of diversity. And by virtue of that, we do get a lot of diversity. But our first and foremost objective is to find really great technology that complements our existing technology. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial. 
Christopher Caso: Yes. Question on the comps space and some of your -- follow up on some of your comments there. I guess just particularly within the wireless part of that space, do you think the excess inventory within that space has been digested at this point so that going forward, the growth in that segment should be proportional to the growth in base station deployments and obviously, understand that those base station deployments are well below their prior peak? 
Ali Husain: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Obviously, never say never, right? I mean, it's a lumpy market for a reason. But our sense, when we look at the order flows, when we talk to our customers, is that, that period of time where the inventories were massively drawn down is behind us. So obviously, we can't speak for other companies and other suppliers. But what we can tell for our products, what we're shipping into the space at the current moment is pretty well balanced within demand in the space. And frankly, when we looked at the order flows and we were thinking about the guidance for the first quarter, generally speaking, the first quarter is down in sort of high single digits sequentially for the comms space. And this time, if you back into the guidance, we're implying it will be fairly stable. So if you look at the regional perspective, North America has been pretty stable. China now has started to deploy TD and FD. Again, it's slow, but it has started, and so we saw some impact and some good benefit for that in our quarter. And if you look at our emerging regions, they continue to deploy. We had a particularly good quarter in India this quarter, for example. So I think things are moving. I think they're slow and steady. But at least, they're going the right direction. 
Operator: Our next question is from William Stein with SunTrust. 
William Stein: Vince, you highlighted what sounds like what could be sort of a virtuous cycle between your comm infrastructure and market on one hand and the other 3 end markets. And I guess it sort of raises a question as to which of these you expect to grow fastest as you enter this environment or this thing you described as sort of the third wave? And I also wonder whether consolidation plays into that thinking and whether M&A sort of plays into the thinking of where to position relative to the virtuous cycle of data development. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, great question. So we have a long-term model for growth. We believe that the markets that we can, if you like, leverage most in terms of driving growth are at the upper end of our 2 to 3x GDP model, are the automotive and communications infrastructure areas. And I still believe that to be true. We put out some targets last year at the Analyst Day. And I think those targets are still valid there. Obviously, consumer is going to be at the upper end of that as well. I think if we can, over the long-term, -- and we have, certainly for the last 3 years, have been able to drive our industrial business at a couple of times GDP level, we'd be in very, very good stead well into the future. And what I've given you in terms of those targets is really about what we do organically rather than whether we have to buy more heft. As Dave has indicated, we're always scouting around, looking for technologies that make more of an impact to the overall solution that we deliver to our customers. And we're taking more of a strategic view rather than a financial view or an operating view of M&A. So it's more about finding those bolt-on technologies that make ADI more relevant, make our technology, product offering more powerful in the eyes of the customer. But generally speaking, I think we're in a very, very good position to organically take care of our future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo. 
David Wong: When we look at your industrial and communications segments and year-over-year comparisons, do you reckon these numbers reflect the end markets? Or are they suppressed by any rationalization of product lines or customer action following the Hittite acquisition? 
David Zinsner: Well, I -- obviously, in the first quarter of 2015, we had Hittite. So there really -- it's a direct comparison. I mean, I guess I do -- in the communications business, we are certainly operating at what is a lower level than what we think is the normal build-out of base stations on a year-on-year basis. So it's impacted by the reduction in spending in wireless infrastructure in a couple of different markets. Granted, it is recovered from its trough, but it's not certainly at what would be considered normalized levels. I think in the industrial business, it's -- it was a relatively on a year-over-year basis, a relatively modest increase but kind of within what a GDP-like growth rate has been. So I would say that probably reflects kind of normal end demand in those -- in that market. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I will say, David, just to add a little more color, we had a record quarter with regard to the Hittite portfolio in the quarter just gone. And given our relatively depressed communications market though there was some recovery, what I've been most pleased about is the diversity of the applications we're able to target outside of the Communications Infrastructure business with that portfolio. 
Operator: Our next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. 
Harlan Sur: The -- I think Ali said in the prepared remarks that the auto CAGR has been going about 9% over the past few years, pretty solid performance. That's decelerated a bit, kind of flat growth here in fiscal '15. Looks like, given the guidance around Q1, that's probably going to be flat year-over-year. The team has talked about a better design win pipeline in terms of dollar cost it captured in 2016 within the automotive segment, and so I guess the question is, is the team still relatively confident about the potential for re-acceleration in automotive? And then which subsegments are you going to see more of the growth, is it in powertrain and safety? Are you going to see some growth in Infotainment as well? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, good questions. So we've had a lot of inquiries over the last couple of quarters about our performance, specifically in the automotive sector. And what I'll tell you is that it's really a tale of 2 businesses during 2015. It was a relatively flat quarter. And when you extract -- I think I've mentioned before to you that our MEMS safety business has had some, no pun intended, some speed bumps along the way here. And -- but our automotive business, with the exception of MEMS safety, actually grew in the high single digits year-over-year, primarily in the areas like Advanced Driver Assistance. The predictive safety side of the business has grown at a stellar pace for the company over the last 3 or 4 years. I believe that will be the case into the future. And the powertrain, specifically the sensing part of that business and the battery monitoring control, has done well and will continue to do well. Infotainment is a very diversified area, and we tend to target the high end of that business with our digital signal processing and our data acquisition technology and algorithmic technologies. We've a new technology called A2B, which is a method of moving sound through the car essentially, speech and sound, in a way that is very efficient, very, very low latency, very low weight in terms of the wiring cables and so on. We've a lot of new sensing technology coming into play, an area like AMR, for example, where we are developing a leadership position, which will be a whole new category in that business in the future as cars electrify and become more automated. So I think what you can expect in the automotive business during this coming fiscal year is that the first half will be within seasonal pattern of the current business level. But the second half, I do expect to pick up in the growth of the overall business at the higher end of the growth model, which is 3x GDP kind of level. So we're confident, given the alignment between the products we have and customer programs that we've got, and it's an area where we have been intensively investing and increasing the investments over the past 5 years. So I think we'll return to a growth pattern towards the back end of '16 and beyond. So that's my sense based on everything that I know at this point in time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Vivek Arya: I just wanted to clarify on this overbuild versus underbuild in consumer so we don't blow it out of proportion. So Dave, on Q4, you mentioned some slight overbuild. Is it possible to quantify that? And then as we then look at Q1, I assume there is perhaps some underbuild. So as you emerge from Q1, are you going to emerge with some signs of shipping into actual demand? And I know it's probably a little early, but how does rough visibility look like for Q2? 
David Zinsner: We have -- like I said, we got little visibility into Q2, and it's -- will be premature for me to even mention which direction it would even go. Yes, I don't want to -- and I think you've actually put -- point out a good point. I don't want to over emphasize build. Most of that -- we believe, most of the shipments were consumed. But when you have a fourth quarter to first quarter transition like we're talking about, you have to believe that there's some kind of digestion that happens for a little bit of it, which drives us to believe that on a sequential basis, consumer's going to be down, and that's why we're guiding to where we're guiding. And it will probably be down more than the corporate average. Outside of that, I can't give any more visibility. Obviously, there's a lot of moving pieces within the consumer business, and trying to identify every application and every customer that's going into and figuring out what they're all doing is next to impossible for us. We get the orders, we ship them, and we leave it to them to figure out what to do beyond that. 
Ali Husain: It's probably a good time to just reemphasize that despite all of this sort of near-term noise that year-over-year revenue growth in the first quarter at the midpoint would be 8% with double-digit EPS growth. So thanks for the question, Vivek. 
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
J. Steven Smigie: Just a quick follow up on the out-performance in the quarter. I think you mentioned that it was due to multiple products here in consumer. Obviously, there's been some discussion of force touch. Can you talk about what products other than force touch were part of the out-performance in the quarter? 
Ali Husain: I'm not even saying that was a reason of the out-performance in the quarter. All I can say, Steve, is we have several -- many customers within our consumer business. We have lots of customers in the portable side of the business, and we have a lot of different products that go into those applications. So... 
Vincent Roche: Yes, to give you a sense, we -- again, the products we ship into these applications tend to be precision-oriented in areas like sensing, in audio and also in the area of image processing. So they are kind of the 3 categories you should think about when you think of ADI's position within these portable consumer applications. 
Ali Husain: Thanks, Steve, and this is Ali here. So as we're 3 minutes short of the hour, I think we're going to keep going with the questions. But I think it's probably -- the time is probably over for those who have re-queued unfortunately. So I think let's just keep going to at least get everybody's first questions in. 
Operator: Our next question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI. 
Christopher Muse: I guess, overall, looking for your kind of big picture macro view here. What are your thoughts in terms of where we are in the cycle? Where do you see pockets of health, maybe pockets of weakness and there really speaking geographically? And how all of that shapes up in terms of the recovery picture in the first half of '16? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I'm not sure there is a cycle, by the way, anymore in our -- in the semiconductor industry, and I think a lot of the consolidation somewhat ensures that as well. So I think there is a decent match between supply and demand right at this point in time. Over the years, we've all developed methods to deal with the volatility, and we've a lot more transparency, I think, now as well into the areas of supply and demand. So I think in some ways, what you should be looking at for '16 is probably what the macroeconomic climate does, and we've started messaging our growth trajectory or the algorithm we have for growth as well on that basis, some multiple given the various markets that -- in which we play and what they're capable of delivering in terms of macro level growth and modulated by where we are with our products and technologies and our customers in these areas. So I'm not sure there is a particular cycle in our industry anymore. And probably safer to look at what the macro environment does in the various regions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tristan Gerra with Baird. 
Tristan Gerra: To follow-up on your commentary about automotive. What type of market share position do you think you can have in driver assist over the next couple of years and on the basis of your design wins? And how big does it get as a percent of your automotive market? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a good question, Tristan. I -- off the top of my head, I don't have the numbers. But the growth rate of our advanced driver assistance business has been one of the strongest -- it's probably the strongest growth element, by the way, during 2015. It's a meaningful part of ADI's overall automotive business now at this point in time. We have some very exciting new technology built on some microwave technology that we built on a very, very advanced technology platform that we're about to -- we'll be sampling over this coming year to our customers that will change the game in radar technologies. And so I think when you look at that business overall, certainly, safety is going to continue to be a very important part, given the mandates, and everybody wants more safety. So -- and I think the capabilities that we have as a company as well in active, passive and combining those are predictive, puts us in quite a unique position, actually, to be able to look at the safety problem as a system of problems and tailor our solutions to those needs. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 
Ambrish Srivastava: Dave, I had a question on the CapEx guidance for the full year and also on -- along those lines, free cash flow margin, given that a higher ROI and a higher operating margin business is going to be a bigger portion of the mix, should we expect that free cash flow margin for fiscal '16 should be higher? 
David Zinsner: Yes, we're certainly driving the free cash flow to be higher. That is our goal. And then, the portion on the CapEx, I mean, we're striving towards 4% or so CapEx as a percent of revenue. That's really our goal. I think we had a very good year in terms of free cash flow this year. I think we can do better next year with a lower CapEx as a percent of revenue to help drive that a little bit. And there are some things -- we had to -- we did have to build inventory this year up for some ramps that occurred and some last time builds related to Hittite. Those activities are behind us in terms of building inventories. So we should get, I think, a pretty favorable working capital number for 2016, which could help drive a better free cash flow number for 2016 as well. 
Ali Husain: Yes, and if I can just add quickly, Ambrish, free cash flow for the year excluding the one-time pension payment was 29% of revenue. The model range is 28% to 32%. So I think we're within that range but certainly towards the lower end of the range. And within the quarter, we generated ex that payment, 38% of our sales in free cash flow, which was actually very, very strong, and as you know, we returned 80% of everything we generate to shareholders, either through dividend or buy back. So thanks for the question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar with Stephens. 
Harsh Kumar: The results, great guidance, great, great results. Let me just ask quickly about wireless infrastructure. It's quite a bit off your -- off the peak that you guys had, I think, in the January part of this year. You're talking about some pretty good trends happening right now as you see it in wireless infrastructure. What is your best view of how the environment's looking as you get into next year and maybe also 2016 for comm? 
Vincent Roche: Yes. As Ali said earlier on, the -- from a geographical perspective, North America was pretty flat. I think the story in terms of demand has been driven by China over the course of FY '15. The government carrier investigations have had a huge impact on the deployment of infrastructure there. So I think the pace will pick up in the -- we've seen some pick up over the last quarter. Demand has solidified and strengthened. But I think during '16, you will see a pick in the FD deployments. FTD, TD and particularly in the area of, with regard to China Mobile, small cell deployments in the second half of the year to densify the network and get more capacity. And my sense is that 4G, we've seen, for example, in India over the past quarter, some good deployments in an area where the deployment of LTE is really, really, really low and has a long way to go. And I think it will be steady in America and probably grow marginally in Europe as carriers deploy more infrastructure there to catch the networks up from -- in a lot of places still 2.5G into 4G. 
Ali Husain: So Harsh, I think it's a question of when, not if. And I think we're very well-positioned across all the carriers and all the regions. So inventories look to be in good shape. The orders, hopefully, will hold up. As you mentioned, our comms business is well off its peak, so I think, I look back and it's about 23% off of its recent revenue peak. So I think there's plenty more to go there, and it's a question of when, not if. So thanks for the question. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: Had a question on the cash flow in the capital allocation side. You guys have done a great job returning cash, like you said, about 95% of free cash flow in the last year. But that comes somewhat at the expense of domestic cash, which looks like it's down about 20%, 25% year-over-year. So I guess my question is, when you guys have the domestic versus offshore cash, how do you reconcile that with both your cash return to shareholders, whether it's repurchase or dividend? And how does that impact your M&A strategy, if at all, acknowledging you were able to use offshore cash for Hittite? 
David Zinsner: Yes. It's a complicated web, no doubt. We -- I think in general, if we are returning 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders, we don't generate at that level in the U.S. And obviously, all of that has to come from U.S. cash flow. So the U.S. entity definitely will be a borrower. And that's why you -- that's why we have $3 billion of cash and $875 million of debt today is because we lever up the U.S. balance sheet. But on a net basis, we still have a net cash position worldwide. And I think that's generally the approach. There are situations in which international cash would be utilized, and as you pointed out, one of those would be for acquisitions. There's also a number of things that we could potentially do outside of the U.S. in terms of acquisitions that -- it's not a very complicated transaction to utilize that cash. So we will use some of that cash, obviously, for M&A. But to the extent we need U.S. cash, we will use the balance -- leverage to get there. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, and Ross, we have overall liquidity domestically of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, which obviously includes the revolver as well. But that gives us plenty of flexibility to do the things that we want to do here in the U.S. So... 
Operator: Our next question is from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. 
Christopher Hemmelgarn: This is Chris on for Blayne. It feels like it's beating a dead horse here. But I just wanted to kind of drill in on the consumer business. And if you could just talk a little about linearity over the last couple of quarters for the core business there. You've obviously had a big ramp in the consumer wireless space. But just the existing business outside of that big ramp, how has that trended over the past couple of quarters? 
Ali Husain: I think -- let's just look at the last quarter here. Overall, I'd say orders, excluding the consumer business in August, were down from the prior quarter. They were slightly up in September, and October was very strong as I mentioned earlier, particularly in the industrial space, coming off of sort of a weaker September. So that's generally how it's trended. And I think we've given the guidance here for the first quarter based on what we're seeing in the order flow. So I think if you exclude the consumer business, generally, everything else is sort of trending seasonally here in the first quarter. So thanks for the question. 
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Freedman with Sterne Agee. 
Douglas Freedman: Great. Real quickly, on the -- looking at gross margins, can you give us a sense to the range that we would see between the industrial consumer, auto and comms groups? I know you've mentioned that the industrial is contributing to a little bit of the headwind because it is soft in the guidance. But I would've thought the consumer being below average would also have been a little bit of an offset. Maybe if you could help me just magnify the range that we would see across the businesses so we have a better understanding going forward. 
David Zinsner: Yes, I'll see if I can give you any color. The industrial business, obviously, is our highest gross margin business, and that is above the corporate average. Communications is slightly above the corporate average. Consumer is slightly below the corporate average, and automotive is slightly below the corporate average. So those are kind of their -- the ranges. The only challenge in that, Doug, is that there's also the dynamic of what gets made in the factory. And so sometimes mix does play a part in kind of factory absorption and how many wafers we produce and so forth. So that's a complicating factor that drives a little bit of the gross margin. But I would just tell you, maybe stepping back from it, we had a very good year in terms of gross margins for 2015. We were 66%. We think that while focusing on innovation, we generally will get very good gross margins in the future. We've got some things that we're looking at, that we continue to execute on that help lower our cost and improve our pricing. In fact, I think over the last few years, our ASPs have been going up. So we think we have a very good opportunity to push those gross margins higher over the next few years. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. 
Ian Ing: Yes. So obviously, you're addressing a lot of opportunities here in converters and amplifiers. You've got good portfolios there. But could you remind us of your view on power management? Is this an area you'd like to get into perhaps to leverage your scale in customer-facing resources? Or is it not interesting at this moment? 
Vincent Roche: Well, power management as a technology for us, we have good traction in areas like communications infrastructure. For us, we are not trying to build a broad-based catalog of products. What we are doing is taking the capability that we have inside the company in terms of process, technology and in terms of circuit technology and applying that technology to build products that strengthen the overall signal chain, particularly in more kind of vertical applications, where we can get the leverage in areas, as I said, like wireless communications infrastructure. So that is the strategy for the company and power management. And we've made some very, very good progress there over the last 3 or 4 years as we have given up the ghost in trying to build a broad catalog and brand in power. But instead, targeted very, very carefully at the applications, where the interplay of power technology and signal chain technology creates a virtual cycle here. 
Operator: Our last call comes from Stephen Chin with UBS. 
Stephen Chin: I just wanted to ask a follow up on automotive. You gave great color over on some of the tech trends there. But just from a geographic and maybe kind of bigger, macro picture perspective, was China the only area of weakness? Or where there -- any other geographies that also showed softness in the quarter? And in addition to that, just with the potential for interest rates to increase in the coming quarters, do you think the higher cost of lending might impact auto sales as well? 
Ali Husain: Yes. I think we're not a room of economists here for sure. But let us, at least, tell you what our thinking is, Stephen. So in the quarter, the business trended really as we expected, frankly. It was up 1% sequentially. All the 3 subsegments of automotive were essentially in line and pretty stable during the quarter. When we started the year, the forecast for vehicle growth in China was 7%. And as we're ending the year here, it's down to about 1% or 2%. And China, obviously, consumes a good amount of premium vehicles. For ADI, we've done sort of the back of the envelope map -- math here on our revenue in the automotive space, and it's probably sort of mid-teens impact from sales into China. So certainly, that would have an impact on our revenue. I think when you look across the other regions, I'd say North America has been doing quite well. The European vehicle registrations every month are up. So that's generally a good sign. When you look in North America, the average age of the vehicle is greater than its historical average. Dealer inventories are below their corporate average. And China, they've recently announced stimulus programs on sales tax for automotive. So again, I'm not an economist, and I don't play one on TV either. But I guess from our sense, everything is sort of trending as we would've expected, except, I'd say, for the China region, which certainly has been weaker for the entire industry. And so certainly, we're not going to be agnostic to that. That would have an impact on our sales as well, particularly as China consumes a fair amount of premium vehicles.
 So I hope that answered your questions, Stephen, and I guess that's the end of our earnings call here. We're 15 minutes past the hour. As a reminder, our first quarter 2016 results are scheduled for February 17. Again, 8 a.m. press release, Eastern time, 10 a.m. earnings call. So thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you soon. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-08-17 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jennifer, and I'll be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Ali Husain, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Ali Husain: Thank you, Jennifer, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. You can find our press release and relating financial schedules on our Investor page at investor.analog.com.
 Now before we begin, I want to call your attention to 2 new items. Number one is about a change around the timing of our future earnings conference calls, and number two is about increasing the level of information we provide investors. 
 So first, starting next quarter, which will be our fiscal fourth quarter, we are going to move our earnings conference call to the morning. After speaking with many investors and analysts, we believe a morning call is a more convenient time for all stakeholders. As a result of this change, starting November 24, 2015, which is our fourth quarter 2015 earnings call, and for every quarterly earnings conference call thereafter, we will issue our earnings release at 8 a.m. Eastern Time. And the earnings conference call will take place 2 hours later at 10 a.m. Eastern Time. 
 Secondly, we have introduced an investor slide deck, which we call the investor toolkit. And this slide deck or toolkit has been designed to provide investors with even more clarity around our results. We've posted the toolkit on our Investor page at investor.analog.com, and this is something we plan to prepare and post every quarter through our website.
 So let's get back to today's call. As usual, I'm joined by ADI's CEO, Vincent Roche; and ADI's CFO, Dave Zinsner. Our agenda for today's call will be as follows: First, I will provide a brief overview of our third quarter results, then Dave will review our financial performance in the third quarter and provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter. And finally, Vince will capstone the scripted portion of today's call with his closing remarks.
 Now as is customary, after our prepared remarks, we'll open up the lines for Q&A. So please note the information we're about to discuss today, including our objectives and outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we have reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in today's earnings release, which we've posted on our IR page at investor.analog.com. 
 So with all that behind us, let's get started. So as you've likely seen from our press release, ADI had another very strong performance in the third quarter of 2015. The combined power of our franchise, our commitment to innovation, the diversity of our business and our continued strong execution delivered results that were at the very high end of our guidance range. 
 Revenue in the third quarter of $863 million increased 5% sequentially, and 19% year-over-year, once again, establishing a new high watermark for ADI. By end market, the industrial and automotive sectors were about in line with our expectations, while consumer revenue exceeded our plan and more than offset the impact from a weak wireless infrastructure CapEx environment. 
 Now I would like to give you some color on our performance by end market during the third quarter. At 44% of total sales, our highly diversified industrial business was about even to the prior quarter. Strength within industrial verticals, such as aerospace and defense, and the renewable energy sector, was offset by weaker industrial automation sales. End customer bookings in the industrial market were generally stable during the quarter. 
 We believe that there's currently a good match between supply and demand in our industrial business, which is largely serviced through distribution, where we recognize revenue in all regions of the world on a sell-through basis. 
 Now turning to automotive. After growing 13% sequentially in the second quarter, automotive decreased 7% in the seasonally slower third quarter and represented 15% of our total sales. At the current quarterly run rate, automotive represents a $500 million-plus annual business for Analog Devices.
 Revenue from our hundreds of communications infrastructure customers at 16% of sales declined 22% sequentially, which was the third consecutive quarter of sequential revenue declines in the sector. Revenue from wireline customers represented about 1/3 of our communications infrastructure sales, and was approximately flat to the prior quarter. 
 A weaker-than-planned wireless infrastructure market in North America and China, combined with customer inventory drawdowns, impacted our performance in the third quarter. We believe that current wireless infrastructure revenue run rates for ADI are artificially low, and that our strong position in this sector will allow us to recover rapidly when this market snaps back, as it usually does without much notice. 
 Consumer revenues at 24% of sales grew significantly over the prior quarter. While prosumer audio/video was stable sequentially, portable applications continue to drive our consumer growth. Our strategy in consumer remains strikingly consistent: we participate in those applications where we can leverage existing core technology to solve our customers' toughest challenges, where we believe our innovation is sustainable and where our technology makes a meaningful difference to the user experience. And by leveraging existing core technology, we further increase the ROI on our R&D investment. 
 So now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the third quarter. With the exception of revenue and other expense, Dave's comments on third quarter 2015 P&L line items will exclude special items, which in the aggregate total $30 million. When comparing our third quarter performance to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior quarter results and year-over-year results. And reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their comparable GAAP measures are included on Schedule E in today's earnings release. So with that, Dave, it's all yours. 
David Zinsner: Thanks, Ali, and good afternoon, everyone. The third quarter of 2015 turned out to be another strong quarter for ADI, with revenue increasing to a record $863 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.77, both at the high end of the range. Gross margin in the third quarter of 66.1% was down 40 basis points from the prior quarter and was well within our gross margin model range of 65% to 68%. Factory utilization in the third quarter was about even to the prior quarter. 
 Inventory on a days basis in the third quarter increased by 1 day to 128 days and on a dollars basis increased by $30 million, primarily related to the positioning of inventory for higher expected consumer revenue in the fourth quarter. 
 Deferred revenue on shipments to distributors on a dollars basis increased by 6% from the prior quarter, and distributor inventory on a weeks basis was at 7.5 weeks, which is within our model range and consistent with the prior quarter. 
 Operating expenses in the third quarter increased 2% sequentially, lagging well behind the 5% sequential increase in revenue, as we continue to manage operating costs very tightly, allowing us to gain more operating leverage in our model. As a percent of sales, operating expenses in the third quarter declined 90 basis points compared to the prior quarter and declined 210 basis points compared to the same period a year ago.
 Operating profit as a percent of sales has been on a steady march upward, starting in the first quarter of 2014 when it was 29% of sales. In the just completed quarter, operating profit was approximately 500 basis points higher at 34.2% of sales, increasing sequentially and year-over-year and well within our operating model range of 32% to 36% of revenue. 
 Other expense in the third quarter was approximately $6 million. We expect our net interest expense to be approximately $5 million in the fourth quarter.
 Our third quarter tax rate was approximately 15%, which is also the rate we expect in the fourth quarter. Excluding special items, diluted earnings per share of $0.77 increased by 5% over the prior quarter and 22% year-over-year and was at the high end of our guidance range. 
 At the end of the third quarter, our cash and short-term investment balance was $3.1 billion, with approximately $700 million available domestically. We had approximately $870 million in debt outstanding, which resulted in a net cash position of $2.2 billion. 
 During the third quarter, capital expenditures were $35 million. Our capital expenditure plan for fiscal 2015 is to be between $155 million and $160 million. 
 Our financial model generates strong cash flows, and we are committed to returning cash to our shareholders. For the trailing 12 months, we generated free cash flow of $822 million or 25% of sales and returned $784 million or 95% of that free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. 
 Today, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per outstanding share of common stock, and that will be paid on September 9 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on August 28. So in summary, the third quarter was another very successful quarter for Analog Devices. 
 So now I'll turn to our fourth quarter outlook, which with the exception of revenue, is on a non-GAAP basis and excludes special items that are outlined in today's call and release.
 While order trends in the industrial market are stable, we are entering the seasonally slower fourth quarter for our industrial business, and as a result, expect this sector to decline somewhat from the third quarter levels. 
 In automotive and communications infrastructure, order rates are also stable, and we therefore expect these markets to remain about even to the third quarter levels. In consumer, we expect to benefit from strong seasonal and cyclical trends, leading us to plan for continued strong revenue growth in the fourth quarter. 
 So in total, we're planning for revenue in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $880 million to $940 million, which represents an increase of approximately 2% to 9% sequentially. At the midpoint of this range, revenue of $910 million would present an -- would represent an increase of 12% year-over-year. 
 We expect gross margins in the fourth quarter to be approximately 65.5%, given the likely mix of business. We are anticipating operating expenses in the fourth quarter to increase between 1% and 3% sequentially, lagging our expected sequential revenue growth in the fourth quarter. 
 One line item that we expect to exclude from our fourth quarter non-GAAP operating expenses is a special charge of approximately $220 million associated with the conversion of our Irish-defined benefit plan to a defined contribution plan. This conversion will give people employed by ADI's operations in Ireland more ownership in their own retirement assets and will benefit the company by eliminating a growing long-term liability, while reducing expense volatility that is typically associated with these defined benefits plans.
 Based on these estimates, and excluding this and other special items, diluted earnings per share is anticipated to be in the range of $0.79 to $0.87 in the fourth quarter. At the midpoint of this range, diluted earnings per share is expected to grow 20% year-over-year, which would be a great result relative to our EPS model of 8% to 15% growth. So now I'll turn the call over to Vince for closing remarks. 
Vincent Roche: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everybody. As we've talked about in today's remarks, the third quarter was another excellent quarter for ADI, reflecting the combined power of our strong execution and our balanced approach to growth, profitability and shareholder returns. 
 At ADI, we continue to focus on superior and sustainable innovation, and we leverage our investment across diverse applications and customers. Today, ADI's 20,000-strong product offerings are in thousands of applications at over 100,000 customers, helping them sense, measure, interpret and connect the physical world. 
 It is quite true to say that wherever the toughest signal processing challenges lie, be they on a factory floor or indeed at the outer edge of our solar system, customers are increasingly relying on ADI's product and applications know-how to help navigate the new intersection between the physical and the digital worlds. 
 Just this past quarter, for example, ADI's mixed signal processing capability was onboard the New Horizons Deep Space probe, providing critical measurement and conversion capability to the spacecraft as it navigated past the surface of Pluto. 
 In industrial applications, we see factory automation and control, or as some call it, industrial IoT, as the next driver of industrial revitalization. Other industrial applications that fall within this umbrella include Smart Agriculture and Smart Cities. All these applications leverage our current product offerings, as we help our customers carve out new ways of using our technology, and in many ways helping them unlock new sources of value in this emerging industrial IoT. 
 One of the areas that most excites me about the impact of our innovation is in health care, where we have been investing for some time now. Here, our focus is on critical care imaging applications and clinical grade vital signs monitoring. Today, ADI is working with several of the world's leading research institutions and systems OEMs to drive game-changing advancement in the performance, impact and affordability of medical electronic devices, helping shift health care delivery to point of care and greatly improving the lives of countless patients.
 In automotive, active, predictive and passive safety systems, precision powertrain control systems and high-quality multimedia systems require a proliferation of sensors and actuators, which in turn place ever-increasing demands on signal processing technologies as do government mandates. These are an excellent match for our offerings. In addition, while we continue to have a strong position with U.S. and European manufacturers, we still have opportunity ahead as we increasingly serve the Asian market.
 The near-term volatility in communications infrastructure gives us no pause about the long-term upward trend in this market. The facts are that 4G penetration is low, data consumption is increasing exponentially and radio density is also increasing. 
 But in order for carriers to continue densifying their networks, our customers must solve the significant challenges associated with making the most efficient and flexible use of available spectrum, while at the same time reducing power and systems cost. ADI's software-defined radio and transceiver technologies help solve these very tough challenges, while also delivering a lower total cost of ownership to our customers, and in the process, driving growth for ADI. 
 In wireline infrastructure, we focus primarily around the timing and control of the signal path and optical communication systems, where the engineering challenge requires very high-performance timing and precision processing. The move from 10G and 40G to 100G systems to satisfy burgeoning data demand further creates strong growth opportunities for ADI. Overall, our mixed signal RF and microwave technologies are in increasing demand from many thousands of customers, and we are continuing to invest aggressively to capture the growing opportunity available to us.
 So in summary, we remain committed to growing our revenues at 2x to 3x GDP, to grow diluted earnings per share by 8% to 15% annually and achieve our EPS goal of $4 to $5 by 2020. 
 Finally, let me end by saying that the uncertainty in the macro environment is not new to any of us. At ADI, we take a long-term view, and we believe that innovation is the cornerstone of business success. While we manage our investments conservatively, we execute our strategy aggressively.
 So we are confident that our ethos of innovation, our leadership in signal processing and our alignment to favorable macro trends will allow us to outperform and continue delivering strong returns to our shareholders. 
Ali Husain: Great. Thanks, Vince. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We're going to run the call until 6 p.m. [Operator Instructions] So with that operator, let's start the Q&A session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Danely with Citi. 
Christopher Danely: Just a question on the, I guess, the consumer end market. Obviously, some pretty strong performance this quarter and the previous quarter. For the January quarter, do you think consumer can continue to increase and what would be the factors there? 
David Zinsner: Good question, Chris. Typically, the first quarter for consumer is seasonally down. So I think we would expect year-over-year, it would be up. But my guess is sequentially, it will be down, because that's typically what happens seasonally in that business, as the kind of Christmas season gets behind us. 
Christopher Danely: Great. Do I get a follow-up? 
Ali Husain: No. Re-queue. 
Christopher Danely: All right. If you don't ask, you don't get it. 
Ali Husain: Thanks for the question, Chris. This is Ali here. I think this is a good opportunity to remind folks on the line here about the ADI story, and why we believe ADI offers investors what we believe is a pretty unique combination and a fairly balanced approach to all 3 things: revenue growth, operating leverage and shareholder return. So in terms of revenue growth, we believe we're tied to the right end markets, with the right technologies and products. For example, about 2/3 of our sales are from industrial and automotive, and over 2/3 of our sales are from products and technologies where we, in fact, lead the market. So we believe that forms a pretty good, wide sustainable moat around our business. Number two in terms of operating leverage, as Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks, we've marched those op margins up about 500 basis points over the last several quarters, and we still have about 200 basis points of operating margin leverage remaining in our model. And lastly, in terms of shareholder returns, as you all know, we've committed to returning 80% of our free cash flow to shareholders. We also have a target to increase our EPS by 8% to 15% annually. We have an EPS target of $4 to $5 per share, which when you look at the trailing 12-month number here, we've been kind of in the $2.80 ZIP Code, so we believe that $4 to $5 EPS target is a meaningful one for investors. So all said, we believe we've got a pretty good balance of revenue growth, leverage and shareholder returns going. So thanks for the question, Chris. Feel free to re-queue and we'll get to our next question. Thanks. 
Operator: And this question comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: I guess. Dave, I want to get a little bit to the margin profile on the consumer business, both on the gross and the operating line. I'm assuming that all of the gross margin decline in the October quarter is because of the increase in consumer. I'm just wondering, it seems like consumer is up a lot in October, but not up as much as July, but the impact to gross margin sequentially is about the same. I'm just wondering if there's anything going on within consumer mix. And I guess, more importantly, how do I think about operating margins in that consumer business? Because clearly there's not as much SG&A expense to that incremental revenue. So is it sort of diluted to kind of gross margins, but accretive to op margins? Is that the way I should think about it? 
David Zinsner: Well, there's a lots of puts and takes in both the second -- or the third and fourth quarter. Gross margins are a little bit dilutive in the consumer business, obviously, but it's relatively modest compared to the corporate average. But there are a whole lot of other businesses that are going up and down. And so collectively, I think mix was actually pretty flat for the third quarter. We think the fourth quarter, probably mix will impact it a little bit negatively. I think the gross margins really were down in the third quarter mostly as a result of inventory reserves we took against some last time builds related to Hittite, as we transitioned some of the production away from one foundry and into another foundry. The old parts we took a reserve on for the levels that were beyond, I think, about a year. On the operating margin side, the consumer -- incremental consumer business is accretive. That's why we saw gross margin expansion this quarter. That's why we think midpoint of our guidance we'll see gross -- or operating margin expansion in the fourth quarter as well. So it's obviously, as we're leveraging a lot of the existing technology that we've invested over the course of, at least, a decade probably to be able to serve the consumer business. And so as a result, the ongoing R&D expense isn't terribly significant. 
Operator: This question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 
Craig Ellis: The question is a follow-up to the 2 earlier, with regards to the consumer segment. Can you speak to the degree to which you're seeing application and customer breadth with the platform technology that's favorably impacting the third and fourth quarters' results? And from here, what's the opportunity to grow customers and application exposure as you look out to fiscal '16? 
David Zinsner: Well, precision technology, we're attempting to leverage that across all of our end markets and all of our customers. The specific product is -- that is driving some of the demand for next quarter is specific to one customer. And in a lot of cases, we work with those customers to customize the technology for their needs. And obviously, as we do that, we don't give that to another customer to be able to utilize. So I don't know if this answers your question, Craig, but our fundamental tenet is to take our technology and leverage it to as many customers as we possibly can and as many end markets as we possibly can. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, Craig. We have a 40-year plus heritage of developing silicon -- precision silicon, high-speed silicon, but the precision silicon is -- the industrial market is largely about control-type applications, which is precision-oriented. So that's the primary market for that technology. And as we -- you get different markets driving technology at different rates, and you get a ping-pong between one market and another. So there's good leverage from the industrial-type applications into consumer for that technology but also vice versa. So many, many thousands of customers. And we have -- it's -- the business there is largely about thousand -- many thousands of customers, many thousands of products. But in some cases, we customize products for markets and, indeed, customers. So it's a very, very complex diversified space. 
Operator: This question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Tore Svanberg: I would ask a nonconsumer question. So some of your peers have talked about a slowdown here the last couple months in order rates, especially in the industrial market. I'm just wondering what you're seeing. I do realize you're guiding for the industrial business to be fairly flat this quarter. But just from a macro level, what are you seeing on your order rates? 
David Zinsner: I would say, so in general, our order rates were pretty stable. They were stronger, obviously, in the consumer business. They were a little softer in the industrial business. But not atypical for this period of time, given that July and August are months in which a lot of industrial customers take the opportunity to shut down their production for some period of time. And so we normally see a little bit of a softer patch in terms of order levels. But it was very typical relative to other third quarters. So we didn't really see anything anomalous in the order patterns that would suggest there's macro weakness out there or anything like that. 
Ali Husain: And the only thing I'd add to that, Tore, is when you look at generally some of the outlooks provided by some of the large distributors out there for their components business, they're generally operating in some level of some seasonal range. They may be operating at the lower end of that seasonal range. But I think for folks like ADI, where we don't have a lot of PC exposure, in fact, our PC exposure is probably 0. And we're leveraged in the kinds of markets, particularly in the industrial space, for example, that do play, I guess, in the -- I guess, fairly closely, I guess, to what some of the distributors are also exposed to, number one. Number two, our revenue recognition policy is extremely conservative. We only recognize revenue when distributors sell-through, so we believe we're probably a little closer to end demand than maybe some of the other folks out there. So, and then lastly, our weeks of inventory in the channel are still at sort of 7, 7.5 weeks. So our sense of it is that we're operating in some kind of a seasonal range here. The bottom hasn't dropped off, I'd say, as maybe some of the competitors out there have maybe spoken about. But I think generally our sense is that what we're seeing is generally in line with probably what you've heard from some of the others distributors out there. 
Operator: This question comes from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial. 
Christopher Caso: Just a follow-up question with regard to the automotive market, and that was also a market that looked like it was a bit weaker than perhaps you had planned coming into the quarter. Would you consider the order rates there also to be stable? Obviously, there's a lot of macro concerns in there. What are your customers telling you with regard to that market? 
David Zinsner: Yes, at this point, that business is stable. I mean, the third quarter is generally a softer quarter, again, for, the automotive space. Again, it's for the same reasons that the industrial business is generally seeing some weakness in the summer months, automotive guys tend to take some production downtime, particularly in July. It was kind of on the lower end of our normalized range that we would have expected. So it wasn't out of the norm, maybe just a little bit weaker. And of course, this is always tough to call with any form of certainty. But the order rates were stable in auto. My guess is they will be at least flat in terms of shipment next quarter, if not a little bit better. And so I think that business is behaving as we would expect. 
Operator: And this question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: It's related to the automotive space. When we look at the growth so far this year, it's sort of been flattish. And the question is, is this just tied to some specific customer patterns? Or is it just lumpiness? Or do you think some other consolidation or M&A might be required to get the growth rates up to what a lot of the peers are reporting? 
David Zinsner: I mean, I think we have a really good pipeline of opportunities in that business. And Vince and I have spent the last several weeks really kind of going through their pipeline with them. And we're excited about really in every subsegment within automotive and infotainment and in safety, in powertrain, the opportunities we see out there in the future for automotive. Every so often, you get a year where, because of the way the models kind of roll out and the timing of where our products get designed into those customers, sometimes you get a year that is a little softer. And that's made up, usually, by another year where things are very strong. One year I think we grew 25% year-over-year. Another year, I think, we grew 4%. So this is pretty much in the norm. Our goal is to grow this business kind of high singles, maybe even to the double-digit range over time. And we'll have certain years that do better than others. But if you look at the pipeline, we think we've got the opportunities to allow us to drive good growth in that business. 
Operator: This question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore: Can you go into a little more detail on what's going on in the comms side? We know that China was weak for others, and you split out the wireline versus the wireless side. But the confidence you have that you're under-shipping demand? And any sort of guess as to when that might snap back? 
David Zinsner: I think communications, as you know, has seen some weakness, particularly in China, given what we think is kind of a stoppage of rollout of macro base stations, while they do some investigations. We think we've kind of reached the bottom of what we might experience, and that it's unlikely to get any lower from here in the wireless space. But it's anybody's guess as to when that kind of resumes. We have gotten -- and Vince can probably add more color to this, we have gotten input from our OEM customers that it will resume. And it's really just a question of when at this point. I don't know if you have anything to add there. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think Dave is right. At least, the demand from the OEMs on the ADI is stable. And as Dave said, I believe we've hit the bottom. So I think we're -- let's say, we're primed and ready to go in terms of supply line when the demand kicks back, which I believe will be much sooner than later here. 
Ali Husain: Thanks, Ross. And the only thing I'd add to that is the bookings are -- as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, the bookings are stable, which is always a good sign of this business. And we did go back and look to see when the last time we were at these kind of revenue levels in the comms infrastructure space. And it's been a long time. So it's very, very low. And our sense is that things are, at least, stable here. And if you can call the recovery on it, let me know. But it's always harder for us to do it. 
Operator: This question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays. 
Blayne Curtis: Dave, I was just curious, you came at the high end of the range, but the other segments were weak. So consumer is up even more. To the extent you can talk about it, I know it's hard, what drove that upside? Was it more timing, maybe the ramp happened earlier or was it just the sheer volume? And then as you look to October, it's a wider range than usual, particularly given it looks like it's mostly consumer. Can you talk about what the puts and takes there are as well? Is there other products? Or is it just you're being -- taking a more conservative angle on the ramp? Any help there. 
David Zinsner: Yes, sure. Thanks, Blayne. So the third quarter did come in within the range, clearly it was at the high end of the range. So we did have a scenario in which we were going to get to this level, it doesn't come as a complete surprise. I would say that, that was our kind of best-case scenario. And that actually played out. And obviously, that had a lot to do with the consumer business and the fact that these ramps can be dynamic in terms of how the production gets rolled out. And you get input from the customers, but that is changing week-to-week, and you never know really how you're going to -- how are things are going to progress. And so we take a couple of different scenarios that might occur, and it just so happens that this one ended up being a more positive outcome. We, again, do that for the fourth quarter, and that is why we have a wider range. There's obviously a scenario in which the production ramps fast and stays stable within the quarter. There's a scenario, obviously, in which it ramps up, but then they get to their inventory levels that they need and things pause for a little bit. So we hope that we've been conservative enough in our forecast to make sure that we stay within this range. And I think we have tortured this quite a bit, as you might imagine, and we feel pretty confident that we've got the right range in there. 
Operator: This question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. 
Ambrish Srivastava: Just a question on the overall business mix. What is the right way to think about longer term the business would look like? Clearly, consumer is doing great for you. But as you all know, the investor base is also attracted to the balanced -- Ali, as you were pointing out, to the balanced business model. No real concentration to a customer. So longer term, what's the right way to think about -- what is the mix that will make you folks feel comfortable, okay, this is kind of how the business should look like? 
Vincent Roche: Well, the strategy is playing out as we've designed it. We have, let's say, over the last 5 or 6 years, been steering more and more of our R&D towards what we consider to be business-to-business application like industrial, health care, automotive and communications infrastructure. That's where the lion's share of our R&D is placed, and that's where the lion's share of our sales force works as well, to ensure that we cover -- that we grab the opportunity by covering the broadest base of customers and applications that we can. We've always said in the consumer area that we have a very, very targeted, focused play in terms of R&D and customer engagement. And that we play only in spaces where technology makes a huge difference to the user experience and where the technology, we believe, is sustainable over time. So clearly, the consumer markets are more volatile than, let's say, the B2B markets. But we've got a good blend, I think, as a company in terms of being able to invest in the areas that give us the longer product life cycles, the more sustainable businesses. And I think a good bet and a very sustainable investment in the consumer space. So over time, as demand moves between one sector or the other, B2B versus consumer, so will go the fortunes of the business. But I think overall, what you got to look at is the commitment that we've got to delivering 2x to 3x GDP, gross margins in the 65% to 68% range, and getting our EPS well above $4. So that's what -- that's our goal, that's our mission, and that's what we're delivering. 
Operator: This question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 
J. Steven Smigie: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about China. And specifically, can you talk about if industrial orders for China were any different from other regions? And as you look more longer term, obviously, there's been a lot of talk in the news about does China's shift to a different economy? Where they're not just the manufacturing hub of the world and investing more in the service economy, et cetera. So does that suggest to you that maybe there's some lower opportunity for industrial growth for you guys into the future? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, it's a very good question. So clearly, as you said, China is shifting from we make it to we design it and build it. So we've benefited. This will be actually, when history's written on our fiscal '15 here, we will have had -- we'll have posted very, very strong double-digit growth in the industrial sector in China across the board, in fact, in health care, in energy, transmission and distribution of energy in particular, and also industrial instrumentation and automation. So clearly, China is in the process of indigeni-zating -- indigenizing the tech industry there. So we're benefiting from that in terms of our engagements with emerging OEMs in way outside of the consumer, the communications infrastructure and consumer businesses. So industrial's emerging, automotive's emerging, health care's emerging, and we're doing particularly well. I'm pleased with the progress we're making in building out our business there. 
J. Steven Smigie: Great. And the part about the short-term on China versus other regions in industrial? 
Vincent Roche: It's been very, very -- it's been quite strong and it remains steady. 
Operator: This question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura. 
Romit Shah: Vince, ADI has this history of being in and out of the consumer market. And if I look at the October quarter, it looked like consumer will be roughly 30% of sales. And my guess is that portable will account for a substantial portion of that. So my question is what's your confidence or visibility into sustaining your position here in this high-volume program? 
Vincent Roche: Well, we have, in the past, I think in many cases, we have -- at one point in time, about 5 or 6 years ago, we were spending about 35% or 40% of the entire R&D budget of the company in many, many different applications within consumer. I think the way to think about this time, the spend is quite constrained. It is in an area that is very, very close to the core capability of the company, and we're playing with market leaders. We're playing with the leaders and defining really exciting opportunities together that we think have really got legs over the long term. So it's a very focused engagement. And we are really concentrating on uncovering those problems that give us the opportunity to apply the best of our technology over the long term. I think that's how to think about it. 
Romit Shah: I guess my question is, how do you manage the risk associated with mix, given that consumer is now a larger percentage of sales than, I think, we've seen in the last 5, 10 years? 
Vincent Roche: Well, the foundation of this company is the business-to-business space, it's the communications infrastructure, it's the industrial business, automotive, health care where we have many, many thousands of customers, hundreds and hundreds of applications, 20,000 product SKUs. And the R&D is largely pointed there. So that is the core business of ADI and will remain so into the future. So in terms of how -- I'm telling you how we're strategically viewing it. How demand patterns evolve over time will depend on macro markets, will depend on the success of our technology and so on and so forth. But I think we've got the right strategic mix here. And the rest is down to how well we execute in the markets. 
Operator: This question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon: Do you think your book -- what would your book-to-bill be if you took out the consumer ramp? I know you said it's positive right now. What would it be if you took the consumer ramp for next quarter out? 
David Zinsner: I think it's, yes, roughly 1. 
Stacy Rasgon: Roughly 1? Even with industrial falling and automotive -- I know you said it was sort of in line, but it was supposed to be flat, it was down 7? 
David Zinsner: Yes. 
Operator: This question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley. 
Craig Hettenbach: Just a question on Hittite. Just a couple quarters in now, just how the integration is going. And then just bigger picture as you think about capital allocation and your appetite for M&A versus buybacks and dividends. 
David Zinsner: Okay, well, the Hittite integration is going fantastic. The business has done great, and we are exactly on plan in terms of our synergies. And really I'd be interested to hear Vince's take, but I would say, it's almost as if that whole prior Hittite aspect of the company has completely gone away. They're part of the ADI family. They operate -- in a lot of ways you can't tell the ADI employees from the Hittite employees in the RF space -- or RF part of our business. So it's been a tremendous success. Our intended use of capital does include acquisitions going forward. And we continue to look at different opportunities in that space. As you know, we're looking for technology that is highly differentiated, that's really synergistic with what we're doing with our customers, where our customers will see value in us having that capability, or where we think that will integrate with some of the things we do in a way that just kind of elegantly provides a solution to the customer. And so we continually monitor what opportunities are out there. I wouldn't guarantee that we're going to do an acquisition in the next year, but I think it's a reasonable probability that there will be some tuck-in kind of opportunity for us over the next year that could be just as dynamic as Hittite was for the ADI business. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think just to add a little bit of color to what Dave has said. In terms of Hittite, I mean, we were always very, very confident in the technology, the market position of Hittite. So really, if there was a risk, it was going to be around the cultural integration of the 2 entities. So we share very similar -- we knew that the value system at Hittite was very, very similar to ADI's in terms of the belief that innovation drives business success, that engineering excellence is really what matters in that business to customers. And that's exactly how it's played out. And I think when you watch, as I do, the interaction of our engineering teams with our biggest customers out there and across the board in many, many different applications, not just in communications, but the leveraging of that technology into areas like aerospace and defense, instrumentation, satellite communication, it's really tremendous. So I have enormous optimism and confidence about the combination of the RF and microwave talent across the entire company and what it means to future growth prospects of ADI. So great, delighted with it. 
Operator: This question comes from William Stein with SunTrust. 
William Stein: I'm wondering if you can dig a little bit more into the wireless part of the business. Understanding that we're seeing a pause in China, and the business is down quite a bit from its prior peak, I'm wondering what gives you confidence that we're at the bottom and that you see a snapback in relatively short order? 
David Zinsner: Well, I think it's 2 reasons. One, the order rates have stabilized over a fairly long period of time. And usually, when things are weakening, you see it in the order rates pretty quickly. And then the other thing is Vince and some of the business unit leaders, they are regularly going out to the larger OEMs that supply into this space, our customers, to get a pulse of what's going on. And the feedback from those customers is that they have obviously reduced their order flow to us, to this level for reasons that we're all well aware of. But their expectation is that they are going to turn those order levels back up at some point within the next couple of quarters. So we don't know exactly when that'll happen. It could happen in the late part of next quarter, it could be first quarter before it happens. But given that the OEMs are telegraphing that to us, that gives us some confidence that we're at the bottom. And that in all likelihood, we'll see it turn back up at some point here. 
Operator: This question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. 
Amit Daryanani: I guess, a question on your free cash flow conversion numbers. It was around 19% this quarter as a percent of sales. Last 4 quarters, it has been around is 25%, I think. What do you think it takes to get within your target of 28% to 32%? And as consumer gets bigger, does that have any impact to your free cash flow generation as you go forward? 
David Zinsner: Well, that's a good question. I think really when you look at this quarter, because of the ramp in the consumer business, that requires us to lay out a fair amount of cash to our foundries to build up the inventory to be able to support that demand. And so our working capital number, I think if you looked at it relative to the past several quarters, you'll see it's actually quite a bit more negative than in most quarters. I think that's part of it. We were in the trailing edges of spending a bit on building infrastructures. That's mostly behind us now, and so I think that starts to improve. And then lastly, we pay our variable compensation every other quarter. It just so happened to be this quarter, we paid out 0.5 year's worth of variable compensation, and so that hit us as well. So this was like the perfect storm of all the things kind of going against us on a free cash flow basis. But we analyze this quite a bit, particularly recently, given that the number was a little bit below our benchmark. And we feel pretty confident that we will be within that range in relatively short order, once we kind of get to a normalized state in terms of working capital in particular related to the consumer business. 
Operator: This question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI. 
Christopher Muse: I guess, curious in terms of the macro demand picture and whether or not you're seeing any softness geographically. So that, I guess, primarily a question around auto, industrial, and what you can share there cycle-wise and demand-wise. And then, I guess, if I could sneak a second one in, did you have a 10% customer in the quarter? 
David Zinsner: Do you want to take the geographic question? 
Vincent Roche: Yes, let me talk about the geo thing a little bit. So I think, overall, just to give you a little bit of color there. So Europe I would say, not surprisingly, the industrial sector is a little weak. Europe tends to take a pause. And I'd say the industrial sector in particular was maybe a little weaker than we had expected. So I think as well, North America in industrial was also relatively weak. Some sectors were better than others. And I think when you look at China and Asia Pacific, automotive was quite soft, and it's well publicized that the communications infrastructure was weak, but at least the patterns have stabilized there. 
David Zinsner: And then in response to the 10% customer, we did have one customer for the quarter that was greater than 10%. 
Operator: This question comes from Ian Ing with MKM Partners. 
Ian Ing: How close to full factory utilization are you in the October quarter? And with the consumer mix, has your view changed on managing factory utilizations and internal inventory throughout the year? Is it possible to get kind of steadier utilization throughout a normal year? 
David Zinsner: We were in the mid-70s for utilization this quarter. That was similar to where we were last quarter. I don't remember if I said it before, but we are probably going to take utilization down a little bit in the fourth quarter. All of the ramp in revenue for the fourth quarter, at least on a front end -- from a front-end perspective, will come from foundries. So it won't affect utilization in any way on the front end. Now ideally, over time, we're working to get that utilization up. And it has been -- I think if you look at it on a year-over-year basis, it has been steadily kind of moving up a little bit, and it has been helpful to gross margin. So that is our goal to make better use of our existing factories to drive gross margin expansion. 
Operator: This question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. 
James Covello: Kind of a philosophical question. Going forward, I wondered what your approach will be. For folks who have won a lot of consumer business or ramped a lot of consumer business, in particular with one big customer over time, some of your analog peers, someone like a Linear, when that product comes up for invariable price declines or ASP declines, some analog companies have kind of walked away from that business like Linear. Others like NXP, have said, "Look, as long as we're maximizing gross profit dollars, we don't care if it hurts our gross margin a little bit." Either obvious -- obviously either approach is fine. Both companies have been incredibly successful with those different approaches, but I wonder what your philosophy will be on that as we go forward. 
David Zinsner: Well, our goal is we won this business, our goal is to keep it. And the good news is we think it's technology that has a lot of legs to it, that is highly differentiated. And as a result, the customer values it and pays a premium for it. So we're not -- our anticipation is that we will not lose it, nor will we have massive ASP erosion as a result. But that will be borne out over time. 
Vincent Roche: Yes, look, I think another aspect of the strategy here is that a lot of technology trends center around these types of consumer systems being able to see, being able to hear, being able to feel. And I think there is some great macro trends there that speak very well to the types of technology that we have, the -- sort of the intersection of the physical world and the world of the digital. So, and as the performance goes up, the space is getting tighter and tighter. Battery power efficiency has got to become greater and greater. There are some really chunky problems to be solved there. So, and not just one type of problem. There's many, many different problems. So we seek -- as we do across all our businesses, we look for diversity in each application in terms of the types of technology that we can apply, the number of products that we can develop. And so it's not a tale of 1 product, 1 customer. It's a tale of many, many different types of technologies across many, many different modalities there in terms of that intersection of the physical and digital worlds. 
Operator: This question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel. 
Tore Svanberg: Just coming back to the seasonality part of the business. So with consumer being about 30% in the next quarter, how should we think about not just the January quarter, but maybe even the April quarter. So you had some seasonality in the past. I'm just trying to figure out how that's going to play out going forward. 
David Zinsner: Well, Tore, you're asking me to whip out the crystal ball here, which, I don't know, might be on the fritz. I would say that sitting here today with almost no backlog to really tell for certain how things are going to progress, that the first quarter, which is typically down mid-single digits, given that there's -- a more significant percentage is likely to be in the consumer space in the fourth quarter, and that, that has normally a more dramatic seasonal decline in the first quarter. We're likely to be more than mid-single digits down sequentially in the first quarter. But I'm not certain of that. And then in the second quarter, generally, consumer seasonally is relatively flat first quarter to second quarter. But we have this lift in industrial that tends to be our best quarter for industrial in the second quarter, and that gives us a good lift for the second quarter, sequentially. And so that is how I would model it out right now, having limited information as to how things kind of behave. 
Operator: This question comes from John Pitzer with Crdit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Dave, just real quickly, when you look at the October run rate on the consumer side, does that now represent kind of your full opportunity on the mobile side, i.e. multiple platforms at a certain customer? Or -- and hence, from here, it's more of a unit story? Or there's actually potentially other platforms that you guys can penetrate within the consumer space? 
David Zinsner: I don't think I would suggest that the back half of the year we're going to have any specific additional platforms. But our goal over time is to expand in every end market in terms of opportunity. So over time, I think there is opportunity to do that. 
Operator: This question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: Sorry to beat this dead horse about macro and seasonality. But is there something that is company specific outside of consumer that you think is helping you provide a more sort of stable/seasonal outlook, versus a more cautious outlook that we have heard from, say, a Linear Tech or a Microchip or a Texas Instruments? 
David Zinsner: Well, I do think that the industrial business for us is made up of these kind of broader market, end markets, and then these more ASSP-oriented markets. And I think it's safe to say that the broader markets were a bit weaker, and that the ASSP or vertical markets did a little bit better. That's -- I think in Vince's -- somewhere in Vince's remarks, he talked a lot about diversity. I think, also Ali's talked about it as well. I mean that's the benefit of diversity is we're in so many different parts of the industrial space, both the broad market and very interesting verticals. And some do better than others and depending on the quarter. But I think that really -- if I had to like line our performance up in the third quarter relative to what I saw from some of the other players, I would say where we outperformed seemed to be in some of the specific verticals like aerospace and defense and energy and so forth. 
Vincent Roche: As you know, we're on a sell-through basis across the globe as well, so the transparency that we have around demand and supply is very, very strong. So our sense is that there's a good balance between consumption and supply at this point in time. And we, as a company, measure only end customer bookings. So that's what we base our understanding of demand on. And so what we're reflecting to you is what we see. 
Ali Husain: All right. Great. Well, looks like we have reached the 6:00 hour here. And we appreciate everybody dialing in. So listen, as a reminder, our 4Q '15 results are planned to be issued on November 24, 2015, at 8 a.m. Eastern Time and our conference call should begin 2 hours later at 10 a.m. Eastern Time. So thanks again everyone for joining us this evening. We look forward to speaking with you again on November 24 at 10 a.m. So good night. 
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-05-19 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc. J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Gabriel Ho - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC James Vincent Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joseph Blair Werner - Peter B. Cannell & Co., Inc. Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC Deepon Nag - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Bill C. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to Analog Devices Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the opening remarks, there will be a question and answer period. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Ali Husain, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Great. Thanks, Jennifer. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining Analog Devices second quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. We have posted a press release with relating financial schedules at investor.analog.com and I'd encourage you to follow along as we go through our results today. Our agenda for today's call is as follows: First, I will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results, then Dave Zinsner, ADI's CFO, will review our financial performance of the second quarter, and finally Vincent Roche, ADI's President and CEO will provide our business outlook for the third quarter, along with closing remarks. And after our prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. Now the information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinion as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Our comments today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we've reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in today's earnings release, which is posted on our investor relations website at investor.analog.com. And with that let's get started. Now, as you've likely seen from the press release, after a very good first quarter of fiscal 2015, ADI produced another strong performance in our second quarter. The strength of our innovation, the diversity of our business, and our strong execution drove revenue to a record $821 million, which is an increase of 6% from the previous quarter and an increase of 18% from the same period a year ago. By end market, industrial, automotive and consumer exceeded our revenue expectations for the quarter and offset what was a weak wireless infrastructure CapEx environment. The industrial end markets, which are typically seasonally strong for ADI in the second quarter, grew 11% sequentially and represented 48% of our total sales. All of the major application areas within industrial grew sequentially with the strongest growth coming from the aerospace and defense, instrumentation and industrial automation sectors. By region, sequential industrial revenue growth was strongest in North America and Europe. Now the industrial market is truly the lifeblood of ADI, where we developed and deployed our high-performance signal processing technology and system domain knowledge across our tens of thousands of industrial customers and their myriad applications to help create more intelligent, robust, connected and energy efficient products. Revenue from automotive customers at 17% of sales, increased 13% sequentially, and 3% year-over-year, in a seasonally strong period for ADI's automotive business. Sales increased sequentially across all of our automotive focus applications in powertrain, infotainment and safety with particular strength in both advanced driver assistance systems and in powertrain applications, as car manufacturers respond to consumer demand and pending government mandates that help make vehicles safer and more fuel efficient. The consumer end market, at 13% of sales, grew 15% sequentially and 40% year-over-year, marking the second straight quarter of year-over-year revenue increases in consumer for ADI. Prosumer audio-video was stable both sequentially and year-over-year with portable applications driving our consumer growth this quarter. Our consumer strategy remains the same. We plan applications where our high-performance technology allows us to solve our customers' toughest challenges and where we can make a meaningful difference to the user experience. Revenue from communication infrastructure customers at 22% of sales declined 10% sequentially following a 4% decline in the prior quarter. A weaker than planned wireless infrastructure market, particularly in North America and China drove the sequential revenue decrease. We believe that these declines are temporary and that ADI will continue to benefit as 4G penetration rates increase from their current low levels. Revenue from wireline customers represented about a third of our communications infrastructure revenues and was stable to the prior quarter. So, now I would like to turn the call over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the quarter. With the exception of revenue and other expenses, Dave's comments on our second quarter 2015 P&L line items will exclude special items which in the aggregate totaled $26 million. When comparing our second quarter performance to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior quarter results and reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their comparable GAAP measures are included on Schedule E in today's earnings release. So, with that, Dave, it's all yours.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ali, and good afternoon everyone. The second quarter of fiscal 2015 was another very good year for ADI and revenue totaled a record $821 million. Gross margin in second quarter of 66.5% was well within our model range of 65-68% and was up 90 basis points from the prior quarter as factory utilization rates increased to the mid-70%s from the prior quarter's mid-60%s level. Inventory on a days' basis in the second quarter increased by one day to 127 days, and on a dollars basis, increased by $27 million, with approximately half the increase relating to the positioning of inventory for higher expected sales in the third quarter, and the balance of the increase relating to the timing of customer demand. Deferred revenue on shipments to distributors increased by 5%. Most of the increase related to the Hittite product catalog, which was added to our distribution channel in the quarter. On a week's basis, inventory and distribution was lean at approximately seven weeks, down from the prior quarter's approximately eight weeks. Operating expenses in the second quarter increased 2% sequentially, lagging well behind the 6% increase in revenue as we continue to gain more operating leverage in our model. As a percent of sales, operating expense in the second quarter declined 140 basis points compared to the prior quarter. Operating profit before tax as a percent of sales increased 230 basis points from the prior quarter and increased 200 basis points from the same period a year ago, and at 33.7% of sales was well within our operating model range of 32% to 36%. Other expense in the second quarter was approximately $4 million, and was lower than planned on a small gain on investments. We expect our net interest expense to be approximately $5 million per quarter for the remainder of 2015. Our second quarter tax rate was approximately 15%, which we expect will be our non-GAAP rate for the remaining two quarters of the year. Excluding special items, diluted earnings per share of $0.73 increased 16% over the prior quarter and 24% year-over-year, and was near the high end of our guidance range. At the end of the second quarter, our cash and short-term investment balance was $3.1 billion, with $760 million available domestically. We had approximately $870 million in debt outstanding which resulted in a net cash position of $2.2 billion. During the second quarter, capital additions were $49 million, our capital expenditure plan in 2015 is to be between $160 million and $165 million. We have a strong financial model that generates solid cash flows, and we are committed to returning cash to our shareholders. For the trailing 12 months we generated free cash flow of $830 million, or 27% of sales, and returned $800 million, or 96% of that free cash flow to shareholders, in the form of a dividend or share buybacks. In addition, our capital allocation strategy supports a regular dividend increase of a 5% to 10%, and last quarter we raised the dividend 8% from $0.37 to $0.40. Today our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per outstanding share of common stock, and that will be paid on June 9, 2015 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on May 29. So in summary, this was a very successful quarter for ADI, the strength and diversity of our business combined with our strong operating model generated strong cash flows and converted a 6% sequential revenue increase into a 16% earnings growth. So now I'll turn the call over to Vince for our outlook for the third quarter, which, with the exception of revenue expectations, are on a non-GAAP basis, and excludes special items that are outlined in today's call and release. Vince?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everybody. As we've talked about in today's remarks, the second quarter was as you've seen a strong quarter for ADI on several fronts, and I'm very proud of our execution. As we start our third quarter, order rates continue to be stable across the industrial, automotive, and communications infrastructure markets, which leads us to plan for demand in these markets to be similar to the second quarter levels. In the consumer end market, we have had good order growth and are planning for another quarter of sequential growth in that sector. In total we expect revenue to be in the range of $825 million to $865 million. The mid-point of this range represents a 3% sequential increase, and a 17% increase on a year-over-year basis. Given the expected mix in our business, we're planning for utilization rates in our fabs to be slightly lower in the third quarter. As a result, we expect gross margins in the third quarter to be approximately 66%. We anticipate operating expenses to increase approximately 2% to 3%, a modest increase from the prior quarter, primarily the result of a full quarter of annual salary increases that went into effect in April. Based on these estimates and excluding special items, diluted earnings per share is anticipated to be in the range of $0.71 to $0.77 in the third quarter. Beyond these near term events, our basic philosophy, and the cornerstone of our strategy remains the same: superior innovation drives superior business results. We possess the broadest product portfolio system and manufacturing capabilities and high-performance signal processing to solve our customers' toughest challenges at the intersection of the physical and the digital worlds. Our product development strategy is to identify the fundamental challenges that our customers are facing in our target-application areas, and leverage our solutions across as diverse a set of opportunities as possible. This strategy is evident in the breadth of our product portfolio and the diversity of our markets, applications and customers, where we harness the strength of our portfolio and where barriers to entry are high and where our innovation can be sustained. Today, customers are choosing their long-term partners very carefully, and our engagements with them are occurring earlier and earlier in their innovation cycles. And our collaborations are becoming longer term in nature. There is no limit to the level of innovation that they are demanding from ADI, and we're responding by continuing to push the boundaries on technologies, products and systems engineering. An example of this approach in action is our acquisition of Hittite, where we are building an RF and microwave signal processing portfolio that makes ADI even more relevant to our customers, and helps them solve their ever-increasing design challenges. Our brand remains stronger than ever, and our employees are engaged and passionate about our customer's success, all of which provides us a terrific platform upon which to continue building our strong franchise. Our drive for innovation and engineering excellence, and our deep systems and applications domain knowhow enable ADI to stay ahead of what's possible. We are focusing on the right markets and products that will drive sustainable and profitable growth and superior shareholder returns well into the future, and I firmly believe that our best is yet to come.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, Vince. So, everyone, during today's Q&A session, please limit yourself to one question. We're going to run today's call until 6:00, so after you ask your primary question, please re-queue if you'd like to ask a second question. The reason we do this  we run our call in this format is that everybody gets a chance to ask at least one question. So with that, operator, let's start our Q&A session.
Operator: Our first question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. You were talking about how your gross margin will drop a bit because of loading, although, of course, it's difficult to forecast what revenues are going to do going forward. Do you expect to be able to raise your fab loadings going forward after this current quarter? Do you expect your inventory to where you want it to be at the end of this quarter?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I wouldn't say that I anticipate inventory to be where we want it to be. But a lot of why our inventory is where it is, is not related to running the fabs hotter than expected. It really is about, in fact most of it is actually wafers we outsource externally. So I think a large part of our kind of utilization is driven off of the industrial business. And depending on how that business goes, that would somewhat determine how our loadings go. But we're obviously expecting that business to do well over time. And we anticipate that our fabs will continue to increase over time, the utilization levels. So I think that would be over time a positive impact to the gross margins.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thanks.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah, David, this is Ali here. I would just add that look at only the third quarter for us, we tend to do some retooling anyways in our fabs, so it tends to be a slower quarter on the utilization side as a result of that. So I think it's kind of a seasonal thing. And the other thing I'd add is on the gross margin line: we're running our business to run and operate at gross margin model ranges of 65% to 68%, and so that's still the case and that will still continue to be the case going forward. So, thanks for your question, David. And we'll get to our next question, operator.
Operator: This question comes from Chris Danely with Citigroup.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, thanks, guys. I guess just as a related question, can you give us your expectations for the relative growth rates of the end markets I guess for the rest of the calendar year? And then if you would maybe talk about your expectations for relative growth rates longer term, say for the next one to three years from the end markets.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think it's safe to say, given that the third and fourth quarter are usually good quarters for consumer, that as we sit today with the limited visibility that we always have in the semiconductor space, that we would expect the consumer business to do quite well for the latter half of this year. I think industrial generally sees, on a half year to half year basis generally starts to flatten out for the second half of the year. That's generally true of the automotive space as well. And in the communications business, I would say is a wild card. We do expect this to be a temporary perturbation that we're experiencing right now in the communications market, and that the long-term trends to build out infrastructure around the world still exists, and the need for more data or higher data rates still exists. So I think it's matter of when on the communications business, but that should come back at some point, and may indeed come back in the fourth quarter. Longer-term, we hope all of the businesses grow quite well over the next three years. And I think as we look at the pipelines in each one of our businesses, and Vince and I just reviewed it a few weeks ago with the team, we're excited about every one of our end markets and the things that are getting done, the incredible innovation that's going on together with our customers. And so we expect all of them to do quite well.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think as well, Chris, we've put a number out there. We've said that our expectation is that we should be able to grow this business and aggregate it two to three times global GDP, and we stick by that. My sense is if the markets behave, we'll be on the higher end of that.
Christopher B. Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks, guys.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks Chris, and we'll get to our next question, operator.
Operator: This question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Dave, you've always said that mix of business doesn't have a significant impact on the gross margin line, but if you look at the strength in the consumer going into the July quarter, and the incremental gross margin in that quarter being relatively weak, I think I understand the issue with utilization. But can you remind us again how consumer influences gross margin longer-term, and I guess, given where it is today as a percent of revenue, how big would you want consumer to be before it got sort of too big?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, on the gross margin front, I think what we're talking about with our guidance is we'd be 50 basis points off the second quarter gross margin level and roughly probably half of that's impacting us from utilization and probably half of that is mix, and so it's again, relatively modest impact that we get off the consumer business in terms of mix. We actually will take all comers in terms of good profitable innovative type revenue streams. So we don't  we're not going to arrest any market that's going to do well for us and drive revenue growth and, more importantly, earnings growth. I think that, though, just based on the way we're investing our R&D, which has been very balanced across all of those end markets I think you'd expect that we'll have a very balanced growth trajectory for all of the businesses, and thus you probably won't see significant differences in percentages by end market over time.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: To add a little more color to what Dave has just said, we're leveraging a platform of technology for the portable space in particular that is based upon our many, many years of developing precision signal processing technologies for many different types of applications within portable devices. So, as always, we're solving the toughest problems that our customers can throw at us, and we're looking for sustainable innovation. We're looking for sockets where we can sustain a position for generations to come. So that approach will give us the kinds of ASP's and the kinds of margins that we find attractive to our business overall.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks, guys, that's helpful.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: And this next question comes from Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question guys. I wanted to focus a little bit on a follow-up to the points that were just being made. In the consumer business, there have been some tear-down evidence of a marquee design win for your product. Can you talk about your ability to drive your technology across a broader base of both customers and applications?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, as I've just said, we're leveraging technology that is primarily precision centric. That we, for example, if you look at our philosophy in general, how we do the innovation inside the company, we generate, very often break-through process technologies, break-through circuits, break-through products from which we build platforms, and ultimately those platforms are purposed into industrial automation, into battery management in cars, into portable devices in consumer. So it's very much a platform play, and where we can leverage the quality and the strength of our technology, and solve really difficult problems in those areas, we build products very often that sometimes go into a catalog, and sometimes are purposed for those individual applications. So that's the philosophy, and our technologies as you know, we've got more than 20,000 product SKUs in the catalog of ADI. We've got about 100,000 customers across many, many different applications. So that's been the approach in the past, it's served us very, very well and I believe that approach will serve us very well in the future.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Craig. And let's get to our next question, operator.
Operator: And your next question is from Blayne Curtis with Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. I just actually wanted to follow up on that. As you look at the consumer space, you have been able to put up a good barrier from competition in industrial type markets. When you look at consumer, you are leveraging that precision signal expertise, do you think you can enjoy similar barriers to entry, and if you could kind of highlight the competitive landscape in portable applications?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the portable landscape itself has a lot of different modalities within. There's many different sensor types, many, many different types of media. So, as I said, we have very much picked out areas of the portable space where the problems that are really important to our customers to solve, to develop a really high-quality user experience, those problems are very, very tough, and so we are pushing our technology right to the edge. We're living at the edge of the technology. And we're enabling certain features to be provided in these systems. That's where we like to play as a company, whether it's industrial, automotive, consumer, communications infrastructure, and we apply that everywhere we go. That's the philosophy of the company. We like solving tough problems at the intersection of the physical world and the world of digital or virtual.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Blayne. Get to our next question, operator.
Operator: And this next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Just a question on the cash return. You guys have done a great job over time doing that, and I think you've laid out clear targets. When we boil it down between the buybacks and the dividends, I think you've said in the past you have roughly a third of your free cash flow generation is onshore, and by that math, it looks like your dividend is actually more than your onshore. I know you have a ton offshore, but just talk about how you balance that with the statement you made earlier in the call about increasing your dividend each year.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I mean, well, we obviously have a U.S. entity that generates cash flow, and so some of the dividend is supported by how much of the U.S. cash flow is generated. Beyond that, as you've probably noticed, we have added leverage at times. I think we have a couple of bonds now outstanding to bulk up the cash reserves of the U.S. entity, and we utilize that cash as well to fund the dividend and buyback, and of course offsetting that, the international entity accumulates cash, so net-net, we have a pretty good balance sheet, pretty conservative balance sheet, but we do use leverage on the U.S. balance sheet in order for us to fund the buybacks and dividends to create the share  or cash return that the shareholders want.
Ross C. Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And this next question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, thank you. So, I just had a question on your guidance, and I do recognize that most of your end markets are sort of moving into flattish seasonality, but just based on conversations you're having with customers, especially those in the industrial space, I mean, does it feel like they are upbeat, or are they being guarded, cautious? Just trying to understand directionally what your customers are feeling after what was a fairly turbulent March quarter.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think there's kind of two sides of the conversation with industrial customers: one is the long term, and how we're working together to generate great innovation in industrial instrumentation and so on and so forth. We've had a very, very good industry quarter in the quarter just gone. Sequentially it was strong. It was up considerably year-over-year, and I think it's really going to be a question of how well the macro environment behaves. So, my sense is it's stable. We see it in the order rates and we hear it in conversations with our industrial customers as well.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: This question comes from William Stein with SunTrust.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. I'd like to ask a bit about the automotive end market. You mentioned that there were some pending government mandates in autos. Is that Euro 6 or is it something in the U.S.? Any color would be helpful. Thank you.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Hey, Will, it's Ali here. So, yeah, I think specifically what I was mentioning in the prepared remarks is certainly around Euro 6. It's also around the CAFE standards in the U.S. that are coming online. But I think I did mention government mandates, but I think it's above and beyond that, right. So, there's NCAP standards, there's five-star ratings, and I think a lot of the car manufactures are really angling to hit those ratings, get those various certifications, because I think it really helps them to differentiate their products with the end consumer. I think those are the kinds of things that are coming online. And, interestingly, customers are also adding the various options, right? So, something may be part of a particular government mandate, be part of a particular NCAP program, but customers are actually now, particularly in the premium vehicles, are opting for the various functionalities, and so I think that's also been really good in driving our business.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: To add a little more color there to what Ali has just said. So obviously car companies, it's important for them to comply with government regulations, but car companies are in a massive transformation mode. I mean, they're all trying to become IT centric, because that's how they're really building value into the products that they're developing and delivering. And I think there's many, many years yet of head room to innovate in cars as the OEMs themselves are trying to automate and electrify everything they can inside the car. So I think that's more the driver of innovation than regulation.
William Stein - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And this question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Vinayak Rao - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, this is Vinayak calling for Craig. I had a follow-up on automotive, like solid sequential growth this quarter. And when you look at the portfolio, you're playing in the right applications. When I look at the growth on a year-over-year basis, the growth has kind of slowed down to the low single-digit range from high single digits, double digits in the prior quarter. How should we think about growth like in the intermediate to longer term in automotive?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so, look, we've had a very, very strong growth pattern in automotive over last several years. We've been growing at a compounded growth rate of around 20% over the last five years, and when I talked earlier on about the aggregate expectation for growth for ADI, I talked about two to three times global GDP as being kind of a good benchmark. And my expectation in the years ahead is that given where we are now that the higher end of that growth expectation is what automotive will deliver for ADI. So I think that's how to think about it.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: This question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Hey, good afternoon, thank you for taking my question. I guess my question's on the consumer side. Great job in terms of that business finally triumphing and some interesting wins that you've alluded to in the past. Curious what kind of growth we could see for that business here in calendar 2015? And based on that kind of growth, what kind of impact would that be, all things equal, in terms of impact to gross margins? Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, as I mentioned on the gross margin front, most of these businesses are pretty close to the corporate average. So within 20 basis points, 30 basis points. It's not much different. I think we'll have to defer until next quarter to really give you I think a good sense of the full year of growth rate of consumer. We're just not ready to provide complete guidance out through the year on any of our businesses, because we just don't have that visibility. I think it's safe to say, though, that as we sit today, normally consumer has a seasonally strong fourth quarter, and that's kind of how we're building the internal plans at this point. But we'll wait until the third quarter is behind us. We'll give you some better clarity around the fourth quarter and that'll give you a sense for the full year growth rates.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Thank you.
Operator: This question comes from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on the shorter-term outlook here. So, obviously, very strong, consumer was up 15% this quarter, you seem to be guiding it up more than 20% next quarter. Flat in the rest of the other businesses. You're talking about core industrial and auto again usually seasonally weaker in the second half. Comms is a wild card. You're taking their internal utilizations down, which to me suggest maybe a little bit more caution potentially in those core businesses. I guess, do you think it's possible  can we actually see growth in the second half outside of consumer, for the rest of your businesses? And would you say your outlook for the second half in industrial and auto today is maybe better, worse, or the same versus where it was three months ago?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I mean, even if industrial stayed relatively flat through the rest of the year, they'd be up, because the first quarter was a pretty down quarter for industrial as it usually is. So I guess the answer to your first question is yeah. I mean, I think there is certainly an expectation, or could be an expectation that we could see growth second half over first half of the core businesses. What was the second part of the question, Stacy?
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I'm sorry. Just, would you classify your sort of industrial and auto kind of core outlook into the second half today better, worse, or the same as where it was three months ago?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I think we generally are in the same range that we expected coming into the year. This is  obviously there's all these crazy macro indicators, some of which contradict other macro indicators. The best we can do is look at our order flow. And I think recently the order flow has been pretty stable. We did have maybe a weaker February partly due to the Lunar New Year, I suspect. But outside of that those businesses have been pretty stable all the way up until today. So, of course, we don't know how things will  with 100% confidence how things will look like going forward, but just based on the customer input, what we've heard from our distributor partners, and what we're seeing in terms of the order levels, I think it's a pretty stable environment.
Stacy A. Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: And this question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura Securities
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yes, thank you. Vince, given the deployments, the LTE deployments, that we've seen already some of your competitors are a little bit more guarded about their communications businesses recovering over the next year, and I'd be curious why you're more optimistic? Thank you.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, well, look we're at very, very early stages of 4G build-out across the globe. The penetration rates are still very, very modest. There's a long, long way to go. We've obviously had the short-term wobble, but that is short-term. I mean it's really  it's centered around a couple of carriers, behavior of a couple of carriers that had a strong ripple effect throughout the entire market. So I think the long-term prognosis in terms of the build out of hardware infrastructure to be able to deal with the bandwidth, with the data capacity requirements, there's no question about that. I think also we talked on the last call about the emergence of small cells, and we are very, very well positioned in the small cell sector that will compliment the strength that we have in the macro area, so we've a stronger product portfolio than ever, we're very, very well positioned with all of the OEMs across the globe. So I believe the short-term has really been, as I said, a behavior issue with a couple of carriers, but I think in the medium and long terms this is a great space to be. And I think we're going to see a recovery here sooner than later.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: This question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, thanks for taking the question. This is Shankar on behalf of Vivek. I just want to  I have a question regarding Hittite and its contribution for this quarter related to the prior quarter. And can you talk about how the split has changed between the communication and the industrial? My understanding is 40% is in industrial and 60% is in communication.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Okay, let me take the first one. The revenue growth sequentially of the Hittite business was basically the same as the total company's. So it performed exactly as expected, and we're very pleased on how they did on a top-line basis. Also we were expecting for 2015, I think when we originally talked about the Hittite acquisition that it would be kind of in the high single digits in terms of accretion. And I probably updated this last quarter, but I would just tell you that it looks more like it's in the 10% ZIP code this year, and we feel really good about Hittite's accretion for next year, which is likely to be in kind of the mid-teens. So from that perspective it's going quite well. The business had  I think that's probably fair to say  had a bit more industrial as a percent of revenue versus communications. And obviously communications wobbled for us, it wobbled a bit for Hittite, the Hittite portion of the business as well, not surprisingly. But one of the areas of the industrial space that did particularly well for us this quarter was the defense business, and that is where Hittite had very good exposure. And so they definitely knocked the cover off of the ball in that category within the industrial space, and, so, it did quite well.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: This question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thanks. Thanks, guys. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the Hittite accretion question. Dave, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what we should think about OpEx over the next six quarters, if your OpEx grows something maybe half the growth of revenue, does that suggest we should model something even less growth on OpEx. Is that the right way to think about it?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think for the most part, most of the OpEx benefits of the Hittite acquisition are kind of in. What synergies we got from an operating expense standpoint, I think pretty much were captured by the time the first quarter ended. There might be a little bit, but it's not enough to move the needle for the total company in terms of OpEx. Where the next wave of synergies comes from with Hittite is in the cost of manufacturing, and that's as we transition their test operations from Chelmsford to the Philippines. And so really where you see the next wave of benefit is on the gross margin line and not the operating expense line. So personally I think your rule of thumb, roughly, OpEx growing at roughly half of the rate of revenue over time probably makes a lot of sense. Certainly there'll be quarters where that doesn't necessarily happen, and there will be quarters where we do a little bit better than that, as we did this quarter, but over the course of several years, I think that that's a pretty good rule of thumb.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up. As I think about industrial, it seems like medical could potentially become a bigger area. You guys talked about some very interesting medical solutions at Analyst Day. Does medical become 5% of revenue sometime in the next year or two, or is it more  it will still take ten years to get that, to be a big percentage of revenue?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I'd say we're not  we wouldn't break it out for 5% revenue. So it's a healthy business today. Where we might break it out as separate category  thank you. Where we might break it out as a separate category is when it got closer to the kind of 10% category. That would be kind of the reason to bring it out. But it's actually a pretty meaningful part of the revenue particularly of industrial.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, just to add a little more color there. It's a space with tremendous potential. It's the one area of our business where technology in many, many ways, IT is going to be the solution to many of the problems to be able to produce the kind of diagnostics that are important for healthcare, even for wellness and healthcare management. And to solve the cost problems that are just really crucifying that industry. So it's very, very important to the overall delivery of healthcare from a performance and cost standpoint. It's a modest investment for ADI, but we're very excited about many of the things we're doing in delivering photonics solutions, for example, in the area of CT and MRI scanners. So big iron is an important part of what we're doing. We've built some really enabling technologies in digital X-ray that are starting to ramp up into decent sized revenues, and of course there's the vital signs monitoring for kind of consumer plus applications and moving into clinical grade healthcare over the coming years. So there are several areas with a very modest R&D spend that is allowing us to create tremendous leverage again off the technology platform that we've developed. So it has all of the attributes that we look for in terms of hard to solve problems, multiple generations of sustainability. Good ASP and margins, so I think it's a terrific space. And it's one of these spaces where you really have to take a long-term view to playing in. Because things don't happen overnight, but I think we're very well positioned and excited about the future there.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: This question comes from Gabriel Ho with BMO.
Gabriel Ho - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi this is Gabriel calling in for Ambrish. Thanks for taking our question I have a follow-up on the communications end market, I think you mentioned during the Q&A session you are well-positioned in small cells, and I think also you mentioned before that you see 4G has a higher, 20% to 30% higher opportunity than 3G. So how should we think about the opportunity in the small cells as it ramp as opposed to 4G and 3G?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, it's very hard to say. I mean, there's definitely  the introduction of these small cells  by the way, when we talk about small cells, I should make it clear, we are not talking about femtocells. We are talking about high-performance infrastructure-related small cells. So I want to make that clear. The introduction of those small cells, we've said for several quarters now, we believe that the second half of this year we'll see the introduction in a meaningful way of these products, and that indeed now is beginning to happen. So I think second half of 2015 is when we'll see a meaningful introduction of those products. So, there's no precedent in terms of ASP increase for those products over the prior year, there really wasn't a prior, it's all been macrocell to date. But what we have seen, of course, and macro is an increase of 20% to 30% in bill of materials value to ADI based on the extension of our portfolio, and the integration of functions into our solutions there.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Gabriel, this is Ali. I would just point out. I think the long term trends of this market are terrific. I mean, you look at 7.1 billion subscribers out there, 4.5 billion are still on 2G. North America, barring the kind of the short-term perturbation this quarter, mobile data in North America is growing 50% year-over-year, penetration rates here are set to move higher over the next few years, and China is on this multi-year 4G FDTD build. So I think we're in the infancy here. And I think the points that Vince made are absolutely correct. Because you have the macro coming in. You have the small cell layering in on top of that I think it's going to be a great market for ADI for many, many years to come. Thanks, Gabriel. We'll move on to our next question.
Operator: This next question comes from Ian Ing with MKM Partners.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Yes, thanks. Could you talk about your ability to handle volume ramps in portables? This is something you've done in the past, but not more recently? So, would you say you've been audited pretty well on manufacturing capabilities to fulfill requested lead times? Thanks.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we have one of the best manufacturing organizations in the world of semiconductors. We have a manufacturing organization that's been consistently irrespective of volume or market, we've been able to deliver greater than 95% of our products within six week lead times, no matter what the perturbations in markets, with sub-one-part per million quality level. So we're very, very agile in terms of our manufacturing capability. In the case of the consumer area, we're leveraging external foundries, and external  backend manufacturing and test capabilities. So, as I said, our supply chain is second to none in the industry, very agile, and we have a lot of experience, by the way, of playing in these consumer markets over many, many years. So, we're very, very much up to the challenge and pleased with where we are.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Great. Thanks, Vince.
Operator: This question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Vincent Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I appreciate it. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of insight in terms of how you're going think about the tradeoff between revenue growth and gross margins as you ramp some of your big consumer opportunities. Do you think you'll prioritize the revenue growth or would you prioritize kind of holding the line at a certain level on gross margins as you face the inevitable cost pressures in the second and third generation of these devices that the big customer kind of drives?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think we feel pretty confident that we can stay within the range of our gross margin target, which is 65% to 68%. But ultimately, we're about growing earnings at 8% to 15%. And so we certainly want to be on the higher end of that range if we can. And that's number one priority. What Vince I think said in the prepared remarks, I think he said  sprinkled through his answers on questions today, has been that we're very focused on innovation, and when you're focused on innovation, you don't necessarily see the competitive pressures that people see in every market that we participate in, because, if you come out with commodity parts in any of these markets we're in, you're going to find a lot of price pressure. What we try to do is stay on the innovation curve, ahead of the innovation curve, we get paid for that. We have superior  what we believe is superior R&D thrown at these problems. And so I feel pretty confident that you're not going to see us wobble away from on the gross margins.
James Vincent Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very helpful. Thank you. Good luck.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Sure.
Operator: And this question comes from Joe Werner with Peter Cannell & Company.
Joseph Blair Werner - Peter B. Cannell & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much for taking my question. I guess I'm turning to the balance sheet, and we all know we have interest rates at the lowest level in our lifetime, yet I see that we have an exorbitant amount of cash at this time. At a time when many companies are borrowing money, we have cash that is earning very little return for our shareholders. So I wonder is there any thought being given to the idea of maybe borrowing a couple billion dollars instead of having a couple billion dollars on the balance sheet? Maybe  I remember when it wasn't long ago when the company had about 400 million shares outstanding, today it's close to the  got down to 300 million shares, now it's been creeping upwards to, well, I see 312 million on a basic number, but 317 million on a fully diluted number. By my calculation it could be down to about 250 million if we took on about $2 billion of debt and it swung the balance sheet. In about $4 billion, we could reduce our share count by about 20%, increase our earnings by about 20%. What type of response would the board have to that type of thinking?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I appreciate the question, Joe. Obviously we're constantly looking at trying to optimize the balance sheet. Obviously part of the challenge is the fact that a majority of that cash is offshore, and isn't easily accessible, although it can be accessed. And we have to balance, I guess, three priorities. One is, I guess, a two-part priority which is to return cash to shareholders, focus first and foremost on the dividend, but also on opportunistic buybacks. And if you look at our cash balance probably back, I don't know exactly when that was, 2005 or something, I think we have come down quite a bit in terms of cash balances. The other priority is obviously to augment what we do organically in terms of development, with some inorganic, call it, development, Hittite being a perfect example. So at one point, we were at, I don't know, a year and a half ago, we were probably at $5 billion of cash, and we brought that down to $3 billion. It didn't necessarily reduce the share count, but I think, dramatically improved the earnings leverage within the company by adding incredible technology, very synergistic with what we're doing and also accretive right out of the gate. So, that's the kind of balancing act that we have as we kind of manage the capital structure. But I think as we look over the long term our goal is not to be accumulating tons of cash. It is to be very judicious, but very shareholder friendly in terms of returning cash, and also to augment that with M&A to continually drive the earnings growth. And so I don't think that we're just sitting here trying to collect the relatively small amount of interest income we can get on this cash balance. That's certainly not our goal. So we hear what you're saying. It's definitely something we're paying a lot of attention to internally. It's definitely something that the Board pays a lot of attention to when we meet with them. And I think overtime you'll be quite happy with the end result of where we're headed.
Joseph Blair Werner - Peter B. Cannell & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, thank you.
Operator: And this question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, guys, thanks for letting me ask a follow up. Dave, just relative to that consumer mix, I think there have been a lot of questions about the gross margin impact, I'd be kind of curious relative to the op-margin impact. How do we think about kind of the OpEx around this consumer opportunities that tend to be fairly significant unit-volume opportunities where you're kind of leveraging core IP that you've developed in other areas?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I mean, I think we'll see in the future as to how the consumer business grows and how fast that can grow, but I think it's safe to assume that if consumer is growing at a reasonable clip, that we'll get very good leverage on that and very good fall through to the bottom line. And that will be accretive to our operating margins number. There's no question that that's the model.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then Dave if I can sneak a quick one in, on the step-up of $5 million on deferred because of Hittite, is that now the full impact of Hittite? Or should we expect to see more in the July quarter going forward?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think that we got all of the inventory generally in the places we want with distribution or with our distributor partners with regards to Hittite products, so I think we're going to see the deferred margin number kind of ebb and flow with how the distributors themselves are managing their inventory and how their point of sales are going.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Thanks again, guys.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: This question comes from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, I just had a follow up on your consumer/medical business. I mean, right now your medical revenue is embedded in industrial, but if you look some of your consumer opportunities there seem to be like a convergence between medical and consumer. So I'm just wondering as we sort of go down the road the next couple of years, how are you going to be reporting this to the Street, given the convergence that is currently happening?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, just to be clear, we internally look at the healthcare business in total. And that's how it's managed internally, which is the way Vince was describing it. But when a product is targeted to a consumer customer, we already classify it as a consumer product, and so it is in the consumer category today.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, so even though eventually it's healthcare-related, if it sold in the hospital, it's medical, if it's sold to consumer, it's consumer?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Or better describe it as if it's sold to a hospital, it's counted in our industrial business. Well, it wouldn't be to a hospital, but to a customer that supplies to the hospital.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: It's in our industry business. And if it's supplied to a consumer products company, it's a consumer, a piece of consumer rather.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank for that clarification.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: This question comes from Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Earlier, you provided some good color around the distribution channel and inventories, and also orders. I was wondering about the other half of sales to your direct customers, and in particular can you remind us what products or end markets are mainly represented in your direct sales? And also any color on order trends, as well as inventory levels at direct customers. That would be great.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we have all, or we have OEM customers in all of our end markets. I would say that a disproportionate amount of our distributor revenue is sold into the industrial market, and a disproportionate of our OEM revenue is sold into the consumer communications and auto markets. And what was the follow on question? I missed that part.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, the order trends coming into the current quarter versus last quarter? Pretty stable? Similar to the...?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, yeah, sure. So I think we probably saw the weakest month in February, but as I said, I think that was pretty much as expected given the Lunar New Year. It kind of popped back up in March, it was a little bit better in April, and it's been pretty stable through at least May 19. So I would characterize the environment right now as pretty stable.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: This question comes from Deepon Nag with Macquarie.
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah, hi, guys. Talking about distribution inventory, so they came down pretty hard. Have you, first of all, was that primarily due to the European customers just not wanting to hold inventory? And have you seen them more willing to take on inventory now that currency has hopefully stabilized a bit? And incremental gross margins, should we still kind of think of 80% as the correct drop through? And can you guys talk about the puts and takes, especially as Hittite starts moving their products internally? Thanks a lot.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so I wouldn't read too much into the fact that inventory came down this quarter, because I think that generally happens this quarter. It's usually a very strong POS quarter, or ship-out quarter for distributors. And so we generally do see inventory roll off a little bit. I don't think it had anything to do really with currency. And it wasn't specific to any one geography, it was pretty much they all came down pretty much at the same rate. On the gross margin front, the fall through, it generally is 80% obviously. If you do the math for the third quarter, that wouldn't be the case, mainly because we're bringing utilization down a little bit in the mix impacts. But I think generally, that's rule of thumb that's probably in the range of what we would expect gross margin to follow through as long as the growth rate is pretty balanced across all of the end markets. And so, the products manufactured internally, you know, get as much of a lift as the ones that are manufactured externally.
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great, thanks a lot.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Bill C. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good afternoon. This is Bill Peterson calling in for Harlan, thanks for letting me sneak one in. I guess, thinking about the auto segment, and since the pipeline tends  you have some visibility, I think, for next year's model, things like that. Where do you see the relative growth? I believe you said safety would relatively outperform, but how would you rank rate safety, infotainment, and powertrain for the coming years, in terms of growth potential?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, probably, we've three primary applications: we have infotainment, safety, and powertrain. So I would say in terms of relative growth, probably safety and powertrain will lead and we'll have good growth in infotainment, but I think a lot of the growth should be driven by safety and powertrain.
Bill C. Peterson - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you very much. It looks like that was our last question. So thanks for joining us tonight. We look forward to talking to you on our next quarter's earnings call which is scheduled for August 18, 2015. So, with all that, good night everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-02-18 16:00:00) =====
Executives: Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: James Vincent Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co. David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets LLC Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Matt Diamond - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. Mark J. Lipacis - Jefferies LLC Deepon Nag - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Analog Devices first quarter fiscal year 2015 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please limit yourself to one question to ensure that management has adequate time to speak to everyone. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Ali Husain, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, Jennifer, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Analog Devices' first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. We posted a press release and relating financial schedules on our IR website at investor.analog.com and I'd encourage you to follow along as we go through our results today. Our agenda for this afternoon's call will be as follows. First, I will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results. Then Dave Zinsner, our CFO, will review our financial performance in the first quarter and provide our business outlook for the second quarter. Then Vincent Roche, our President and CEO, will provide closing remarks. And after Vince's comments, we'll open it up for questions. Today's call will include non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted to exclude special items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our historical results and our outlook. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release, which is posted on our Investor Relations webpage. The information we're about to discuss, including our objectives and our second quarter outlook, includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those described in our earnings release and our most recent 10-Q. Except as required by law, we don't undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us today to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Therefore, this conference call will include time-sensitive information that maybe accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. And with that, let's get to the main program. Revenue in the first quarter came in near the very high-end of our guidance range at $772 million, decreasing 5% sequentially and increasing 23% year over year. Communications infrastructure and consumer applications exceeded our revenue plan while industrial and automotive were about in line with our expectations for the quarter. Revenue from communications infrastructure customers at 26% of sales decreased 4% from the prior quarter, as both wireless and wireline applications decreased sequentially. Communications infrastructure revenues increased 45% year over year and 14% on an organic basis. Consumer revenue at 12% of sales increased 1% sequentially. Within consumer, growth in portable consumer applications offset seasonal revenue declines in the sector. Over the past several years, we have been refocusing our consumer investments around performance-centric prosumer A/V and user experience-centric portable devices. In the first quarter, our consumer business registered its first year-over-year quarterly revenue increase in five years, growing 27% over the prior year's first quarter, which we believe is a good sign that the headwinds we were facing in the sector have abated. The industrial market at 45% of sales performed as expected, decreasing 6% sequentially as a result of fewer business days for ADI, our customers, and our distributors in our January quarter. Compared to the prior year, industrial revenue grew 21% in the first quarter and 11% on an organic basis. The automotive market at 16% of sales decreased 8% sequentially, as car manufacturers took their seasonal production breaks over the holiday period. The long-term trends for the electrification of automobiles remain strong, and ADI is very well positioned across infotainment, powertrain, and safety applications. In total, our core businesses of industrial, communications infrastructure, and automotive represented again 88% of our revenue in the first quarter and have combined for 11% compounded growth over the last five fiscal years and 14% growth in our fiscal 2014. So now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave for details of our financial performance in the quarter and for our business outlook for the second quarter of 2015. With the exception of revenue, Dave's comments on our first quarter 2015 P&L line items will exclude special items, which in the aggregate totaled $21 million. When comparing our first quarter performance to our historical performance, special items are also excluded from prior quarter and year-over-year results. And reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their comparable GAAP measures are included on Schedule E in today's earnings release. So with that, Dave, it's all yours.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ali. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As Ali just outlined, ADI had another very good quarter. Sales in the first quarter totaled $772 million, and diluted earnings per share excluding special items were $0.63. Gross margins of 65.6% in the first quarter decreased from the prior quarter's 66.4%, primarily as a result of lower factory utilization but were better than our plan on a better mix of business. Compared to the prior year, gross margins increased 50 basis points on a better mix. Excluding purchase accounting adjustments, inventory on a dollars basis was flat to the prior quarter and on a days basis was 126 days on lower sales. Utilization rates in the first quarter were in the mid-60%, and we're planning to increase utilization to the mid-70% in the second quarter. Inventory and distribution on a dollars basis was also approximately flat to the prior quarter and on a weeks basis was approximately eight weeks on lower sequential sales. Operating expenses of approximately $264 million declined $5 million from the prior quarter. The decrease was primarily due to savings resulting from the prior quarter's restructuring action. Operating profit before tax of $242 million or 31.4% of sales decreased 180 basis points from the prior quarter but increased 240 basis points over the prior year. Other expense in the first quarter was approximately $7 million. We expect our net interest expense to be approximately $5 million per quarter for the remainder of fiscal 2015. Excluding the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit and other special items, our tax rate in the first quarter was approximately 15%, which we expect will be our rate for the remainder of fiscal 2015. Excluding special items, diluted earnings per share in the first quarter was $0.63, as I mentioned, near the high end of our guidance and up 29% over the prior year. At the end of the first quarter, our cash and short-term investment balance was $2.9 billion, with $740 million available domestically. We had approximately $870 million in debt outstanding, resulting in a net cash position of $2 billion. During the first quarter, capital additions were $24 million or approximately 3% of sales. Our capital expenditure plan in 2015 is to be between $150 million and $165 million. We have a strong financial model that generates solid cash flow, and we remain committed to returning cash to our shareholders. For the trailing 12 months, we generated $883 million or 29% of our sales in operating cash flow. We also generated free cash flow of $729 million or 24% of sales, and returned $790 million or 108% of our free cash flow to shareholders in the form of a dividend or share buybacks. Our quarterly dividend is a very important part of our total shareholder return philosophy. During the quarter, we returned $115 million to shareholders in dividends. In addition, today we announced that our Board of Directors has approved a $0.03 increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share payable on March 10, 2015. This represents an increase of 8% and is in line with our model to increase our dividend annually by 5% to 10%. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $60 million of our stock, which helped reduce our diluted share count by about 1 million shares. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $700 million remaining under our current board authorized share repurchase program. So now to our outlook for the second quarter, which with the exception of revenue expectations are on a non-GAAP basis and exclude special items that are outlined in today's call and release. After a solid first quarter, we are planning for revenue in the second quarter to be in the range of $810 million to $830 million or up approximately 5% to 8% sequentially. At the midpoint of this range, revenue would increase 18% year over year or at a high single-digit rate on an organic basis. By end market, we expect industrial and automotive to lead our sequential revenue growth and for the communications infrastructure and consumer end markets to remain stable to the first quarter levels. We are planning for gross margins to increase to approximately 66.5% on higher utilization and a continued favorable mix. We estimate that operating expenses will grow approximately 2% to 3% sequentially, which of course is well below the sequential revenue growth we expect to achieve in the second quarter. Based on these estimates and excluding any one-time items, diluted earnings per share are planned to be in the range of $0.70 to $0.74 in our second quarter. While this is solid operating leverage, our utilization rates are expected to be only in the mid-70% levels in the second quarter, and we continue to carefully manage our operating expenses. Based on our first quarter exit rate, we estimate we have approximately 500 basis points of operating leverage remaining in our financial model given that the high end of our operating margin model is 36% of sales. So to wrap it up, the first quarter was a very good start to the year. We had a strong year-over-year revenue growth with quality earnings and cash generation and we expect an even better second quarter. So now I'll turn the call over to Vince.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Dave, and good afternoon, everybody. As I mentioned last quarter, during these calls, I will occasionally provide additional perspective on the markets and technological trends that are driving ADI's business and the growth opportunities ahead for ADI. Today, I'd like to give you some insights into our strategy in the industrial automation market specifically. This market is characterized by a diverse set of many thousands of customers and myriad applications with long life cycles. Customers not only demand highly innovative products and solutions, but these products and solutions must function at very high levels of accuracy, robustness, reliability, and efficiency in very harsh operating environments. These dynamics create high barriers to entry, making industrial automation precisely the type of market that ADI actively pursues for sustainable growth and attractive returns. Within automation, ADI has a long heritage of providing technologies and product solutions in such areas as programmable logic controllers, distributed control systems, field instruments, motor controls, robotics, and industrial sensing. This business has traditionally served a variety of factory and process automation customers in such areas as automotive, pharmaceutical, and chemical manufacturing and then among many others. But today our customers' customers are responding to unprecedented challenges in an effort to remain globally competitive and boost productivity while decreasing energy costs and their carbon footprints. Our customers are focused on increasing the agility, the safety, and the reliability of their manufacturing systems. Facing the scope of these challenges, customers are racing to re-architect their system designs and are working to transform yesterday's factory floor into the connected enterprise of tomorrow, and this transformation is showing up on ADI's bottom line. In our fiscal 2014, sales into the industrial automation market represented about 25% of our $1 billion-plus industrial business growing 14% compounded over the last five years, far outpacing the growth of our served available market. And we were very optimistic about our continued growth in this sector. Let me explain why. The industrial automation sector is largely about precision sensing, monitoring, control, and communication. We have spent the past 50 years building our expertise on our brand with our high-performance precision analog and mixed-signal processing capability, where we can supply thousands of products to our many thousands of industrial customers at sub one part per million quality levels. In recent years, we've been increasing our product development and systems engineering investment in this area. In addition to our data converter, linear, DSP, RF, and MEMS portfolios, we continue to broaden our reach with the addition of, for example, isolation products. We are better positioned than ever to understand our customers' signal processing system needs in order to deliver more complete solutions that anticipate and address their pain points. Now I'd like to give you a couple of examples of the results of these investments. Today, in the area of process control systems, our customers need to maintain several hundred manufacturing platforms that are hardwired and dispersed all across factory floors. Not only are these systems inefficient but they require teams of service personnel to roam the floor and manually ensure each individual system is operating effectively. A couple of cogent examples will explain how we're changing the game here. For example, ADI's product designers have produced a groundbreaking highly integrated software-defined signal processing solution that has the ability to reduce our customers several hundred platforms down to just a few that can be individually reconfigured with software to adapt to the various applications needs. This helps make customer systems more flexible and agile while decreasing their maintenance and service costs. In addition, ADI's software configurable platforms enable customers to pack 50% more channels into the same or smaller form factor without performance compromise and at the highest safety and reliability levels. Another example, more than 40% of the world's electricity is consumed by industrial plants with inefficient industrial motors consuming most of this electricity. In these applications, ADI is enabling highly precise measurement and control to enable our customers to create the highest-accuracy, efficient, and reliable motor control systems. In these same applications, our isolation products are increasingly becoming a key differentiator for ADI, enabling machine and operator safety by isolating the electronics from high-voltage operating conditions. Also, our MEMS sensors are increasingly coming to the fore in industrial automation and are a key differentiator for ADI. In machine health monitoring applications, for example, our MEMS vibration sensor with an embedded radio frequency transceiver enables remote monitoring of industrial machine health to detect early machine failure and to save our customers' customers from costly plant downtime. So in essence, these are the forces driving what many of our customers call Industrial 4.0. Our customers are increasingly relying on ADI's signal processing system domain know-how, our products and technologies, and we are very well positioned to capture the opportunity and to drive revenue growth for ADI well into the future. And so with that, we'd be very happy now to take any questions you might have on any part of the prepared remarks here.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Jennifer, can we get to the Q&A, please?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Vincent Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Guys, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the really strong results and guidance. If I could ask first on the consumer side, it's terrific that that  that the issues in that segment seem to have kind of played the course and don't seem like they're going to be acting as a headwind going forward. Do you think that the resolution of the issues in that segment is more just the fact that the segments that you are letting roll off kind of fully played out or do you think you've actually gained some share in that segment that's enabling that segment now to be not a headwind anymore?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good question. I think it's largely a case of the headwinds being largely behind. We have been building some core technologies using some of our precision technologies, for example, to develop some new products that will come on stream in the future here particularly in the portable area. But I think it's really a mixture of  I think as I said the headwind is largely behind us and I think we've got some tailwinds now that will propel us through the parts of our business, the two areas that we focus being prosumer, the audio/video prosumer area and the portable area where we've been, I'd say, modestly investing but doing some really exciting things that's have been and will come to fruition in the not-too-distant future here.
James Vincent Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Terrific. That's helpful. And for my follow up, if I could ask Dave. Dave, you mentioned utilization going to the mid-60% I think next quarter. Can you give us the range where that's been over the last couple of years kind of high and low?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think it's actually, Jim, it was the mid-70% for Q2.
James Vincent Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I'm sorry.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: It was mid-60% for Q1. And I'm just kind of scanning through it. It peaked out in the second and third quarter of 2014 in kind of the mid-70%. Let's see. I'm just looking in the low. It probably got down to about 50%  in the first quarter of 2013, at least, it was 50%. I'm not sure beyond before that.
James Vincent Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So we're getting back to a pretty healthy level here in the next quarter?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: We're getting into the mid-70%. We have  I would say that in 2011  of course that was heady times  but in 2011 we were in the low-80%. So we certainly can operate this facility at a utilization level that's much higher than we are today and we would get obviously the incremental gross margin fall through from it so that's not out of the realm of possibility.
James Vincent Covello - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's terrific. Really, really helpful. I appreciate it. Congratulations again.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jim.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jim. And, operator, before we move on to the next question, just a reminder that we'll have everyone try and keep to one question as the call will run until 6:00 and so feel free to re-queue after asking your first question. We'll get to our next caller now.
Operator: Our next question is from David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Can you give us any feel for the communications infrastructure end market by geography? Are there some regions that are relatively strong and others that are relatively weak at the moment?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say America has been strong. We're still  everybody is waiting for Europe but I think it's been really a story about America, China, to some extent Japan and Korea. We had some good strength in India as well over the last couple of quarters. And, I think we're expecting China to continue to be reasonably strong at least for the first half of the year in the TV systems. And again, we expect a growth year this year in communications infrastructure for ADI.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Danely with Citigroup.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, guys. Can you just talk about what the Hittite contribution was during the quarter and then how you expect that to play out for the rest of the fiscal year?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hittite was in kind of the mid-$70 million level, which was kind of consistent with where we thought it would range. Obviously, in the back half of the year, we're thinking that it's likely to be up from where it is today. I would guess that the second quarter is going to be  given that we think communication is going to be relatively flat, I would guess Hittite is going to be relatively flat too.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And revenues there, please?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I beg your pardon?
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Revenue, too?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: That's what we're talking about.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, got you, got you, got you. I thought you were talking about margins.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Oh, no, no, revenue  yeah, that was revenue. Yeah, margins are consistent with where Hittite's margins have been historically.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. This is the time of year when new pricing kicks in on value purchase volume purchase agreements. Can you give us a sense of what impact that's having on your quarter going forward if that was in line with what you've seen seasonally in the past or more or less?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: It's more or less in line, although we've taken a lot of steps around pricing to get more discipline and this year I think we did better than in years past in terms of the agreements with the key customers. We've also really kind of scrutinized our pricing across the long tail as well to make sure it was kind of consistent with the value that we're providing and in some cases actually there was a little bit of an increase. So I think we did pretty well on the pricing side. It was generally very stable through the negotiations and I would think through 2015 we'll have very, very stable pricing.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great, thanks for that detail and congrats on the strong results.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question and nice job on the dividend increase, guys. The question is really just a clarification. You noted that there was upside versus expectations in consumer and communications infrastructure. To what extent was it much more one or the other? And given that consumer contributed to the upside why did mix play a role in better gross margins?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think they were both equally as strong. I don't think there was one specific area that outshines the other. From a mix perspective, generally actually our consumer business has pretty good gross margins. They're up north of 60%, so they actually don't impact our margins as much as you might think. And obviously, communications is above the corporate average, so that's very helpful to our gross margins. So that's generally why the mix turned out to be a positive for us this quarter.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to dig into the gross margin guidance just a little bit. So we've got about, I think it's 90 basis points of upside, but we have utilization going up 10 points or so from the mid-60% or the mid-70%, better mix, higher revenues. I'm just trying to figure out. How do we think about the relationship between gross margins and utilization on a point-for-point basis? And are there any headwinds that are affecting the margin guidance as well that are offsetting some of the tailwinds that seem to be there?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think the general rule of thumb is usually that for every 1% increase in utilization, you get 10 basis points of gross margin improvement. We're roughly guiding in the 66.5% range. It obviously could be better. Certainly there are a lot of good things happening in the gross margin side. And the second quarter mix is generally a bit better because industrial has good strength in it, which is what we predict. And of course the utilization should lift it up. There are always a few things that kind of can go against you. And I think given that's the case, we generally factor that into the gross margin guidance when we give it. But like you said, it could go a little bit better. I think the fall-through on gross margins for the second quarter  Ali, correct me if I'm wrong  is 80%. Right?
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: That's correct.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: And that's all also a good rule of thumb. As revenue goes up, you generally get 80% fall-through, and that tied to the 66.5% which is what we go with. But this quarter was a perfect indication that we can't exactly nail it down to the electron, to the tenth of basis point, and so there could be upward momentum depending on how things go.
Stacy Aaron Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: And, Dave, not only has the gross margin dropped through at 80%, at the midpoint of guidance, but the operating margin is also around 70% drop-through. So thanks for the question and we'll go to our next caller.
Operator: Your next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Matt Diamond - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys, this is actually Matt Diamond on for Ross. Congrats as well on the results and the guide. There has been some talk about changing seasonality in the industry. I'm curious. From a bookings perspective, how does the current bookings dynamic compare to normal seasonal to the extent that normal really applies?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I actually think that  I would say that the cycles seem to be less predictive at this point. But seasonally, I think things are happening as they normally happen year to year. We saw bookings obviously come down initially in the quarter, and obviously were soft through the Christmas period. But after that, the bookings levels did ramp up in the January month. And February up until this point was quite strong. So it's consistent with  and of course that momentum happened a lot in the industrial and automotive space. So it's consistent with the guide that our opinion is that industrial and automotive should see very good sequential growth this quarter. And there's a lot of stability around the other two end markets, consumer and communications infrastructure, which generally would be a positive indication that those will be stable through the second quarter. And that's pretty  the second quarter generally for us seasonally is a very good quarter, and I think it's lining up to be a very good quarter for the second quarter.
Matt Diamond - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Matt. We'll get to our next question, operator.
Operator: Your next question is from Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yes, thank you. I was hoping you guys could talk about the M&A environment. As you've probably heard, Micro out looking for strategic alternatives. Freescale is reportedly for sale. So if you could, just talk about that. Are you guys getting pitched a lot of deals and what's your appetite these days? Thanks.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Bankers have to earn a paycheck, and so they've always been interested in pitching us deals regardless of whether it was a good environment or not. But in any event, we do have an active acquisition program in place. That was how we got to the Hittite acquisition last year. I think for us it continues to be about, what do we think is going to be important for our customers for us to have in terms of technology, and then we look out across the universe of opportunities to see if we can find that technology and companies, be it relatively smaller or large. And so generally, if businesses are getting shopped, I wouldn't say that incentivizes us either to do it or not to do it. Really we start fundamentally with this list of what are the things we want in our portfolio that we don't think we can do organically, and those are the things that drive us to do acquisitions. And at this point now, nothing to talk about; we continue to survey the landscape, but there's nothing active at the moment.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our job number one for us, Romit, is to make sure that we shelled out a significant amount of money to buy a great asset in Hittite. We are determined to make sure that we create the leverage that we believe is available both on the top line and the margins and in terms of building up a really important $1 billion-plus franchise here for RF and microwave. So that's job number one for us at this point in time.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Then, just to that point, you've been very vocal that any potential acquisition has to be strategic, and that was one of the clear merits to the Hittite deal. But I wonder looking at what's been done over the last year, in particular the Avago-LSI transaction, if you're more open-minded to doing something that may standout more from a financial perspective?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: We're not in the business of doing things just strictly for financial reasons. We've got to have strategic merits for us to do it.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: For us, it's really about making sure that the combination of ADI and Hittite is capable of creating something greater than the sum of the parts. In other words, we can put our two pieces together and, over time, produce growth that was beyond the reach of both companies separately. So we're well on track, I'm delighted with the response from our customers. We have some great examples just very, very lately in fact where in the communications sector in particular, the Hittite, there's a tremendous vein of really good engineering and technology there that the customer relationships, the breadth of coverage that we have in the channel, that we're bringing Hittite now to places that we had hoped were possible to bring Hittite based on just ADI's scale, depth, and breadth. So I'm very, very pleased so far with what I'm seeing.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the color and congrats on the great results.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan.
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys, and congratulations on the strong quarter and outlook. On the solid industrial trends in the business, I'm interested in the regional trends within this segment here in the April quarter and what sub-segments in automation, instrumentation, healthcare, energy are you seeing strength?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: For the second quarter?
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, for the second quarter.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think our two biggest sub-markets are industrial instrumentation and automation and those we expect to have very good second quarters. Healthcare is probably going to be up a bit, but it'd be relatively modest. I think defense is probably going to be relatively flattish. Energy management, which are smaller component, are likely to be a little bit up. Geographically speaking, obviously, the two major markets that industrial serves is the U.S. and European markets. When we looked at the bookings levels for those two markets in industrial, that's supported a pretty meaningful increase for the second quarter on a sequential basis. So I think those two areas will be probably the ones that outshine the others in terms of performance.
Harlan L. Sur - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thank you very much.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Harlan. We'll get to our next question, operator.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Hettenbach with Morgan Stanley.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you. On Hittite, understanding that some of the revenue synergies will take time to play out but can you give any early stage anecdotes in terms of things you're looking to do with the distribution channel or customer engagements after closing Hittite?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's a lot of activity. During the past three months or so, we launched Hittite into our channel. So we've gotten the attention of our biggest distributors globally and we've put more than 1,000 product SKUs into the distribution channel. So it will take time. But the response  I've spoken with these distributors myself and the response has been very, very positive to creating leverage and expanding the reach of Hittite across the globe. You know as well I just mentioned that we've seen some terrific evidence of deeper penetration of Hittite, particularly into some of our larger customers as well where the engagements, the combination of ADI's mixed-signal with Hittite's very, very high-performance analog, RF, and microwave technologies, that combination is starting to change the game in terms of the kinds of conversations we're having with our customers. So for example in the instrumentation area, we've gone from competing against each other on product sockets to having a conversation about how that customer manages their frequency plan across their entire product portfolio. One of the very large routing companies is working with us on some very advanced technologies that Hittite has brought us in particularly the cable area. So there's lots of empirical evidence that the combination of the pieces and ADI's just breadth and coverage of customers globally is making a difference there.
Craig M. Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks for the color, Vince.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you for taking my question. My question is really on the automotive segment. So, Vince, you've done very well over the last few years, but when I look at the last two quarters, automotive sales have been roughly flat to modestly up which is somewhat different than what we have seen from the competitors. So is this just order lumpiness? Do you think you have a complete portfolio in automotive? What will be the catalyst to turn automotive segment back to what overall company growth rates can be?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, good question, Vivek. So automotive for ADI, 2014 was actually a strong year for automotive for ADI. We grew at three times the SAAR and have done so also over the last four years or so. So 2014 was a good year. I believe 2015 will be a growth year for ADI. We believe that the long-term projection for this business I think we said publicly should be that we can grow this business at a minimum of twice the rate of SAAR and I think the business as has been in the past is capable of growing three times the rate of SAAR. So it's a very sizable business for ADI now. We've done well in the past. I believe it's a terrific growth opportunity for ADI in the future. I mean that said, it's a lumpy business to some extent given that there is really probably 10, 15, 20 customers that really matter, big programs that tend to last a long time. So I think the way to look at it is that some years we will achieve 3x, some years we won't. So  but I think overall, you've got to look at this business over the long-term. We've been increasing our investments. We've got terrific diversity now in terms of customers, products, and there's a lot of new things happening in automotive in terms of safety systems. We've got some exciting new technologies that we've been introducing as well into the real technology purveyors out there in terms of things like noise cancellation, infotainment, powertrain. So I think the future is going to be very, very bright for the industry and for ADI.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot. I'll add my congratulations on a nice quarter and guide. Dave, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what you think the share count might look like in the April quarter or at least the magnitude of share buyback you guys might be contemplating?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Good question. I guess I have to be somewhat of a prognosticator of what I think the stock price is going to do over the time. I mean generally speaking, if the stock is strengthening through the quarter, we would unlikely be buying. Yeah, that's the right way to say it. Because we tend to buy when there is kind of historical weakness in the stock and when there's not, we tend not to be a buyer. So I don't know exactly what's going to happen through the quarter. I hope it actually goes up and to the right. But the way we've modeled it is we thought that the share count would be in the kind of 316 million, 317 million range. It's possible it could go a little lower than that. It's possible it could be a little higher than that.
J. Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, thank you, and congratulations on the record revenue outlook. Vince, I wanted to follow up on the industrial automation segment. I think you said it's grown about 14% CAGR the last five years...
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: ...which was a period when industrial automation sort of just scratching the surface as far as the opportunities. So should we expect that business to potentially accelerate from that growth rate, and do you have other sub-verticals within industrial that have that same growth profile?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, it's a good question, Tore. We've been, generally speaking, increasing R&D in the industrial space over the last several years. We've been strengthening and broadening the portfolio, the signal processing portfolio. So I think we are making our basic products and technologies more attractive to our customers, the industrial customers. We've also, incidentally, been increasing the footprint of our field operation in terms of selling an applications resource over the last five or seven years, developing the relationships, building the engagements at the engineering level. So I think we're in a good position in terms of products that we've got the coverage that we've got in the industrial space. And also, our customers  as I said in the prepared remarks there, many of our industrial customers are asking us to get more involved in helping them instrument the sense to be able to create information for them and communicate information about machine health, for example. So my sense is both in terms of the things we are doing organically as a company and what the market will enable ADI to do, it will be a bright future. I think also, in the instrumentation area with the addition of Hittite, we're able to do new things in the microwave sector and instrumentation, in aerospace and defense, for example, as well. And I think everybody is expecting a lot from the energy sector and it's been lumpy. It's based on regulation and government mood and so on and so forth, but it's an area where we've got some good technology on the metering side, on the communications side, and we have a broad portfolio of products that sell into the transmission and distribution of electricity as well. So  but I think in terms of being able to create leverage here I think automation is going to be strong for ADI, particularly strong, and as I said the high-frequency part of instrumentation I think is going to be good for the company as well.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the questions and congratulations on strong results. Relative to the guidance in April, if industrial and consumer is sort of stable/flattish Q-on-Q, it means the other two buckets  I'm sorry industrial and auto need to grow about double-digit sequentially. I'm just kind of curious is one bucket growing faster than the other? And I hate to use the word normal seasonal, but would you characterize double-digit sequential growth in the April quarter as normal seasonal or are there other drivers like content growth that you think is starting to kick in at the April timeframe for those two buckets? Thanks.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: You're correct in that's roughly what has to happen. I think that the industrial business will, on a percentage basis, do better than the automotive business sequentially. And actually I think there is  it's hard to gain a lot of share in industrial in a quarter. This is a business that doesn't move quarter-to-quarter, it doesn't even move year-to-year in a lot of cases. So if you look at the sequential growth rate in the 2014 second quarter, I think industrial grew at about 13% sequentially and that's been kind of the range of what we're probably talking about for industrial for this second quarter. So it's basically seasonal. We'd like to believe that we have invested a lot in automotive and in the industrial space. We've moved a lot of R&D away from some of the more high-flying consumer opportunities and into these areas over the last five or six years. So all of that takes time to get traction, and I do believe that 2014 and at least how things are lining up for 2015 for those markets, does indicate that we've got some momentum in these businesses and that the fruits of the labor of all this R&D investment that we've made over this five-year period is starting to pay off in terms of revenue design wins, design-ins and so forth.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Helpful. Thank you, guys.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Dave, in your prepared remarks, you talked about 500 bps remaining in terms of operating leverage. Curious if you could talk a little bit about your underlying assumptions there in terms of what kind of top line mix utilization you require to get to that kind of number?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I mean the margins of these businesses  of course there has been some mix impact quarter-to-quarter in terms of the impact to gross margins, but I think largely they're fairly close to each other. I don't think we have to rely on one business doing better than another business in order for us to kind of hit the targets. Our goal is to get to 68% gross margins. And given that we're 250 basis points below that, I guess, at this point, 250 basis points of the 500 basis points is going to come from just gross margin leverage, which is largely going to be a function of, we believe, factory utilization, a higher top line- over some fixed overhead expenses, and just a laser focus on this in terms of pricing discipline and cost discipline. And I think we've been able to do a fairly good job in both of those areas over the last couple years to improve the gross margins beyond where they would've been. And then the rest is obviously trying to get the operating expenses down a couple hundred basis points as a percent of revenue and that will get us the rest of the way there to get us our 500 basis points of improvement. I don't think it's going to happen next quarter. Obviously, I don't know that it happens next year necessarily. But I think in a fairly stable environment with some growth like we think we can do over the course of four or five years, I think we'll have a very good steady march towards improving that operating margin leverage that we talked about.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Very helpful, thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Thank you, guys, pretty solid execution here. Just on order trends, Dave, is there any difference in European order trends at the distis versus here given the currency upheaval that we are seeing? Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: You mean orders from distributors on us you mean?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Right, right, given that they are sitting on depreciated currency.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Obviously, the currency moves around a bit. We transact mainly in dollars. And so sometimes they get a windfall in terms of gross margins; sometimes they don't. But their business is shipping our product and so they're going to need to hold the inventory to be able to do that, and we don't think they're going to adjust their inventory behavior based on some FX perturbations.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then your earlier response you did say  I just want to make sure I got it right. For the guidance, you did say that you expected both European and the U.S. geos to be strong? Correct?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ian Ing with MKM Partners.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Communications segment down only 4%. You thought it could underperform the other three segments. I'm just trying to understand how your comms business can outperform FPGAs. You've heard Xilinx talk about a flat to low-growth environment they're facing this year, and your converters do often sit next to FPGAs. I'm just trying to understand the source of the outperformance.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is another area where we've been investing heavily in increasing ADI's reach across the radio subsystem over the past number of years. So as we've said several times, our content from generation to generation has grown, and that is the case in, for example, 4G today as well where we're getting somewhere between 20% and 30% more BOM value per 4G radio subsystem. And also ADI in terms of diversity of that radio application is stronger today than it's ever been.
Ian L. Ing - MKM Partners LLC: Helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question, another one on geographic demand, if I could. Relative to Japan and China, could you talk a little bit about how the order trends are looking in those two geographies, especially in the industrial end market? Is it still in correction mode, or do you sense a trough coming anytime soon? And also any foreign exchange related impact to longer-term orders, especially in Japan? Thanks.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: At this point, we're not seeing any impact from FX changes. I think in general, industrial  again, it has a pretty good second quarter, so I'd expect those businesses to do okay. I think we have generally  I don't necessarily remember how it breaks down by segment. But I think in total, we expect China and Japan to be relatively flattish. So my guess is industrial does a little bit better and some of the other markets probably do a little bit worse, and that nets it out to relatively flat.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Sterne, Agee.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Good quarter here. Just on the automotive side, can you talk about which segments you are seeing strength in automotive? And also geographically what's your exposure in automotive? Thanks.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Geographically, we're probably more concentrated at the European automakers to start with, and then a close second is the U.S., followed probably by Japan and Korea at equal levels. The strength I think for the second quarter on a sequential basis, my guess is that we'll see strength across all three of our sub-segments, infotainment, safety, and powertrain. I don't think any particular sub-segment is going to do necessarily better than any of the others.
Vijay R. Rakesh - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Danely with Citigroup.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Just for round two, can I sneak in two quickly?
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Yes, go ahead.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): You talked about the end markets. Can you just maybe give us a sense of the ranking of end markets you expect as far as growth goes for the calendar year? And then also, would you characterize your overall environment as better than seasonal? And what do you think the drivers of the better than normal seasonality would be, if it is like that?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Better seasonal for the year you mean or...
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Would you characterize like the current orders environment as a little bit better than normal environment?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: That's the same question I thought we got a little bit earlier, but I think that it's generally pretty seasonal in terms of the order flow. And then as far as we rank the end markets, it's a little early to be able to try and do this but I think all four markets will likely grow this year.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I would hope so.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Now we obviously get a lift in the industrial and communications markets by virtue of the fact that we have Hittite in there. So obviously they're likely probably to do better than the other two because they get a full year's effect of Hittite versus one quarter's effect of Hittite that we had in 2014. And then consumer is probably the next and probably auto is going to be the slowest this year.
Christopher Brett Danely - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, that's perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: They're all recycling.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets LLC: We're coming back in, just one more for you. I know you guys have been working on improving some of the margins in the MEMS business. Can you give us where you're at in the progress of that program?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: On the baseball analogy, I would say we're in the second or third inning. We do have some products that are starting to come out that carry better margins. Obviously, they take some time to get traction. My guess is that traction doesn't happen until late in 2016, maybe 2017, and that will be an inflection point for us in terms of improving gross margins. We're obviously focused on the cost side of the equation as well and we've made steady progress. So margins are improving, but they still have a ways to go to get to where we think they'll be acceptable.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets LLC: What percentage of sales should we characterize MEMS as now?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: It's in the mid-single digits I think.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.
Mark J. Lipacis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Dave, I think this one is for you. Accounting Bulletin 606 on revenue recognition, it seems like it's effectively trying to eliminate sell-through revenue recognition and it's already causing some companies to rethink there  how they recognize their revenues. Have you guys looked at this? And if so, can you tell us how you think this may impact you guys and when you might expect to implement it and would it cause you to recognize a big chunk of the $280 million in deferred revenues in one quarter? Thanks.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: That's the first time I've ever gotten an accounting question, I think. I feel so honored. Yeah, the  we are aware of the Bulletin. It does seem to indicate that at some point down the road the sell-through way of recognizing revenue might go away. I think in a couple of years  I'm not even sure what year this all starts to come about  I think it's like 2017, 2018. So we have a ways to go before we have to worry about it. I'm not even sure whether you kind of restate history and then as if you had never done revenue recognition on a sell-through basis. So we will have to see how that goes. It's quite a few years away, though, so we haven't spent a ton of time worrying about it.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Mark, for ADI, I'd say it's probably effective in our fiscal 2018 here, so we've got plenty of lead-time here to deal with it.
Mark J. Lipacis - Jefferies LLC: Fair enough, thank you very much.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: And if there is, like, some one quarter kind of impact, what we'll do is we'll provide some sort of pro forma schedule so that it's very easy to tell how we've done from quarter to quarter so it doesn't cause an issue.
Mark J. Lipacis - Jefferies LLC: Sounds good. Thanks.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Deepon Nag with Macquarie.
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Could you talk about how the tax synergies with Hittite are progressing and, longer time, how are you guys thinking about balancing your needs for onshore cash with a falling tax rate?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: The tax structure of Hittite is now kind of fully integrated with our tax structure. At this point now, we're pretty much realizing effectively a lower tax rate for Hittite. There's probably a little bit more that will fall through by the time next year rolls around, but I think for the most part the big step function improvement has already happened. You are right, we constantly balance U.S. kind of cash flow needs and international cash flow needs over time. I think we have plenty of cash in both locations and certainly plenty of liquidity beyond the cash that we have on the balance sheet. I think to be able to manage both entities effectively without kind of a meaningful adjustment to our tax rate in the event that one particular entity needs cash and the other can provide it there may be some cash flow that moves from one location to the other and that would have some effect on the tax rate but it'd be relatively minor and I don't think would have a big impact on earnings.
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thanks. And if I could sneak one quick one in on small cells, just how design traction of that business and how we should think about that as a percentage of your revenue over the next couple of years?
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, well, the design activity has been tremendously successful for ADI. We've been working hard on building a set of transceiver technologies that are highly integrated in terms of the RF and the mixed-signal chains. And as I said, we've great design in coverage across the globe. And it's my expectation that somewhere in the late part of this year into next year we'll start to see it become a meaningful portion of the business assuming that the rollouts take place at the rate we expect. It's hard for me to give you an exact prediction in terms of what proportion of our revenue, but I think it's true to say that from what our customers are telling us and what the carriers believe that the deployments will begin in the second half of this year in earnest some time. So when they happen, we'll benefit very, very well I believe.
Deepon Nag - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: That's great. That's all I've got.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: And I would just add, Deepon, on the small cell thing. A lot of times it comes down to the definition of what's a small cell versus what's a macro. The miniaturization of the macro base station has been happening for several years. In fact, I think if you look at the stats on some of these macros, they're actually placed about 50 meters apart. So do you call that a macro or do you call that a small cell? But in any event, I think our sense is that the small cells in the back half of 2015 should start to layer on top of what we're doing on the base station on the macro side. So overall, it should be a good year for us in comms infrastructure. So with that, let's get to our next question.
Operator: The next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thanks. Just a quick one. I believe, Dave, in response to a prior question you mentioned Hittite was about mid-$70 millions in Jan and you expected it to be sort of flattish in April. If you could clarify that. And just on a like-to-like basis, how should we think about the growth at Hittite in fiscal 2015? Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Actually, now to think about it, the industrial business is likely to have a pretty good second quarter, so I probably  I was thinking about it from the comps perspective, but yeah, so of course the industrial will go up. So I guess sequentially Hittite will be up in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And then what was your second question, Vivek?
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Yeah, just for the full-year, conceptually from the time you acquired Hittite and where you expected the growth rate to be. Now that it's been under your belt for a couple quarters, how are you thinking about full-year growth trends for that acquisition?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: It's going really well. I think the likelihood is that this thing is going to grow kind of in the double-digit range and that was what it had been consistently growing at for a while. It had a couple years just like everyone else where it wasn't doing that, and then it turned around and started to do pretty well. So that's pretty consistent with what we thought. I mean it wasn't too terribly different than where we thought things would end up. I'm very excited, as Vince pointed out, that there is a whole bunch of new designs that Hittite was unlikely to have gotten had they not been part of the ADI portfolio, and Hittite has actually helped us in some cases win some business on the signal processing side that we wouldn't have ordinarily had gotten had it not been for having the microwave capabilities. So the business is performing at least as good as we thought it would, but I think that the revenue synergies that we'll get over the long-term are going to do much better than we thought we would going into the acquisition.
Vivek Arya - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Ellis with B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the follow up, guys. Back to the consumer segment, with the re-tooled product portfolio, is the consumer business now a business that can grow on par with the rest of ADI's businesses? And if not, is it north or south, and what kind of visibility do you now have in that business? Is it short-term, a quarter or two or is it longer-term with the mix of applications that you now have exposure to?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think it grows at the levels of the rest of the business now. Thankfully not a headwind. Of course consumer is a little bit lumpier so there may be years where it does did better than that, years where it does a little worse than that. But I think in general that business should grow around the corporate average.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just add to what Dave has said there, Craig. So we're not interested in a business as you know that hasn't got legs to it over the long-term. We like sustainability, we like diversity, we like good returns. And I think in the consumer area, we've been very, very clear that with our customers, give us the problems that are really, really hard to solve, and those are the problems we've been getting. Also, not just one generation at a time, we are building this business, albeit the innovation cycles are, they're short, they're very, very rapid but as best we can, we are able to see at least a couple of generations out from the existing solution, if you like. So we are trying to apply our algorithm, if you like, for the rest of ADI where we're trying to build a long-term view in the spaces, a few targeted application spaces particularly in the portable area, as Dave said, where we think we can get good sustainable growth over the longer-term.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tore Svanberg with Stifel.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, just a quick follow-up. Dave, you guided OpEx to be up 2% to 3% sequentially which is sort of half of the rate of your top line growth. Is that how we should think about OpEx growth for fiscal 2015 as well as sort of half of your revenue growth?
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: For the total, you mean?
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Correct.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, and I haven't quite done the math but I think in general what we're trying to do is have it average around what the fourth quarter of 2014 was. So I think the fourth quarter of 2014 was about $270 million and so we're roughly thinking we'll average that over the course of the four quarters of 2015. So that probably does have the effect of half the rate of revenue growth but I guess it obviously depends on what the revenue growth rate is and I'm unable to predict beyond the second quarter what that's likely to be.
Tore E. Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's very good. Thank you.
David A. Zinsner - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, thanks.
Ali Husain - Director-Investor Relations: All right, Tore, well, thank you. And I'll throw it back over to Vince to close out the call.
Vincent T. Roche - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thanks, everybody, for the questions on the call here and hope you are as excited as I am about the results and the future of ADI. We continue to focus our investments on profitable, diverse, and sustainable markets where, as I said just a while ago, there are tough problems that need to be solved and where the barriers to entry are high. We also have a culture. We just turned 50 by the way and what has sustained this company over the 50 years and will bode very well for the company in the future is that we've got a culture that's driven by innovation, excellence in everything that we do, and a real passion for solving the deepest challenges that our customers are dealing with. And it's my sense that this will be a great business for many, many decades to come. So once again, thanks for listening in, and we look forward to speaking to you at an upcoming conference or at next quarter's earnings call.
Operator: This does conclude today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn Ta -  Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tunc Doluca - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John William Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ada Menaker - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Canada Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2014 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Kathy Ta, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Kathy.
Kathryn Ta: Thank you, Jonathan, and welcome, everyone, to Maxim Integrated's Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunc Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Kathy. I will review Maxim's fourth quarter financial results. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $642 million, up 6% from the third quarter. Our revenue mix by major market in Q4 was approximately 35% from consumer; 27%, industrial; 23%, communications and data center; 10%, automotive; and 5%, computing. In the quarter, our consumer business was roughly flat, below our expectations, due to recent weakness in smartphones and tablets, primarily at our largest customer.  Our industrial business was up strongly, better than expected, driven by growth in our core industrial end market. Our communication and data center business was up with continued strength due to the China 4G LTE rollout, and improved demand from several OEMs off a weak March quarter. Our automotive business was up strongly, as expected, with new design win ramps across multiple applications and customers. Finally, our computing business was up, driven by a rebound in our notebook, desktop and peripherals businesses. Maxim's gross margin, excluding special items, was 60.4%, below expectations, but up from 60.1% in the prior quarter. Gross margin benefited from higher fab utilization, which was offset by higher inventory reserves. Reserves taken in the quarter were primarily to address older generation smartphone and tablet products. We are implementing additional controls to manage excess inventory while continuing to ensure high levels of delivery performance. Special items in Q4 gross margin included intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Operating expenses, excluding special items, were $227 million, up from $222 million in the prior quarter. Operating expenses increased at less than half the rate of revenue growth in Q4, in line with our model, as we continue to tightly control spending. Special items in Q4 operating expenses included acquisition-related and restructuring charges. Q4 GAAP operating income, excluding special items, was $161 million, or 25% of revenue, an increase from 23% in the March quarter. The Q4 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 19.9%, up from 18.3% in the prior quarter. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.43, below our guided range, primarily due to lower revenues and inventory reserves. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, cash flow from operations was $234 million, or 36% of revenue. Inventory was 103 days, excluding special items, down 6 days from the prior quarter. Inventory in the channel increased as expected from 49 to 54 days, returning to prior levels. Net capital additions totaled $25 million in Q4, flat from the prior quarter, and at 4% of revenue, within our new long-term target range of 3% to 5% of revenue. Free cash flow was $649 million for fiscal year 2014, or 26% of revenue. Share repurchases totaled $41 million in Q4, as we bought back 1.2 million shares. We also paid $74 million in dividends to our shareholders. In fiscal 2014, we returned over 90% of free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $141 million in the third quarter to $1.37 billion. Moving on to guidance, our beginning Q1 backlog decreased by $36 million, or 9%, to $377 million. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q1 revenue of $580 million to $620 million, which reflects a cautious view of smartphone and tablet shipments at our largest customer, as well as shipments into other Mobility opportunities being later than we had expected. Outside of consumer, we expect industrial to be seasonally down, communications and data center flat and automotive up in Q1. Q1 gross margin, excluding special items, is forecasted at 59% to 62%, flat with the prior quarter. We are forecasting flat inventory reserve charges due to recent demand weakness in older products. Special items in Q1 gross margin are estimated at approximately $19 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Q1 operating expenses, excluding special items, are expected to decline approximately 1% to 2%, including 1 month of our annual merit increase. We continue to control spending. Special items in Q1 operating expenses are estimated at approximately $4 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Our Q1 tax rate, excluding special items, is estimated at 18% to 20%. For Q1 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.34 to $0.40. Net capital expenditures in Q1 are expected to be down slightly from Q4 and within our new target of 3% to 5% of revenue. We expect share repurchases in Q4 to be consistent with the prior quarter, adjusted from market conditions as appropriate. Finally, based on confidence in our long-term financial model, including lower capital spending requirements, our Board of Directors has approved an 8% increase in our cash dividend to $0.28 per share, approximately a 3.4% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. In summary, we believe our long-term financial strategy of growth, leverage and return is on track. Mobility is well positioned to grow through new technologies, new platforms and a broader customer revenue base. Our other businesses grew strongly in the June quarter compared to last year, with automotive growing over 50% year-over-year. We expect gross margin to improve as we enhance inventory controls and fill our internal factories. We remain committed to our 30% operating margin target, which will benefit from expected revenue growth, gross margin leverage and tight OpEx controls. And finally, we are focused on returning cash to shareholders, as demonstrated by today's announced 8% increase in our dividend. I will now turn the call over to Tunc to further discuss our business.
Tunc Doluca: Thank you, Bruce, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. We appreciate your interest in Maxim Integrated, and thank you for joining us today. I would like to open my commenting on trends we are seeing with our Mobility customers, as well as the broader analog market and Maxim business implications of these trends. In Mobility, consumers are adopting the latest generation products at a brisk rate, while the previous generations of products ramp down rapidly. Forecasting this transition was challenging. In the June quarter, the rapid decline of the older generation tablets and smartphones at our largest customer affected our business in 2 ways: first, we saw lower-than-expected revenue from older generation Mobility products, with particular weakness in tablet revenue. The replacement cycle for tablets is proving to be longer than for smartphones. And second, our margins were impacted, due to the need to take an inventory charge for these older generation products. Now aside from the softness in Mobility products, the June quarter reflected an -- the overall strength of Maxim's product portfolio. We grew revenue in every one of our major markets outside of consumer, and we achieved record revenue. The strong performance of our portfolio is consistent with our system integration strategy. Our customers in automotive, industrial, communications and data center markets are looking for simpler designs, lower power, higher performance and more space efficiency in their products. In addition, as we enter the second half of the calendar year, we see that the consumer market also requires an increasing system level innovation. We see new content opportunities in new smartphone platforms, tablets and a growing category of wearables. With that commentary as a backdrop, let me next provide some color on our major markets. I will start with consumer. We expect our September quarter consumer end market revenue to be down significantly, with weakness at our leading customer, including their latest flagship smartphone. This guidance is clearly lower than what our expectations were up to only a few short weeks ago and reflects a cautious and prudent view. This weakness is partially offset by the ramp of a new smartphone at our leading customer, where we expect to have increased content over the prior generation. At our other large Mobility customer, our design wins continue. Here we expect revenue contributions by the end of the calendar year from existing platforms and a new category of consumer products. We've continued to diversify our product exposure within Mobility in 3 ways: first, we are expanding our technology offerings for mobile devices. Our Mobility portfolio includes power management, optical sensor, MEMS, audio amplifier and touch products. Our newest audio amplifiers combine superior sound quality with a space-saving design that extends battery life and is winning designs in tablets. In addition, sensors are the largest growth market for us within Mobility, and we are receiving customer pull for new use cases that combine sensors with other technologies. Second, we are diversifying our customer base beyond our largest customer, with Chinese manufacturers and in other leading OEMs. At leading Chinese customers, we're winning with our highly integrated power management solutions. The proportion of total Maxim revenue from our leading customer has dropped to about 20% for fiscal year 2014, and we expect this percentage to decline to the mid-teens in the September quarter. Third, we are helping to create new categories of portable and wearable devices. Wearable devices in particular play to our strengths in highly integrated, small form factor and low-power solutions. Let me next turn to the industrial market. I'm pleased to note that we grew our June quarter industrial business over 10% year-over-year, with strong growth in our core business and support from our vertical industrial markets. In core industrial, we are enabling distributed control on the factory floor through compact, efficient designs that produce less heat in the manufacturing environment. We project September quarter industrial revenue to be down from a strong June quarter. This is driven by typical seasonality in our core business and partially offset by continued momentum in our vertical businesses. In mobile payments, we are sampling a new highly integrated system-on-a-chip product, which has been well received by several customers. We're well positioned, as more stringent security standards for financial terminals get deployed in the U.S. Let me now provide some commentary on our distribution business. We saw strong end market resales across all geographic regions. Globally, days of inventory returned to prior levels at 54 days in the June quarter, versus only 49 days at the end of the March quarter. We grew our automotive business for the sixth consecutive quarter. We grew June quarter revenue over 50% year-over-year. We expect this business to be up modestly in September. The largest driver of this growth has been in Infotainment from a broad set of customers as the Mobility user experience moves to the automotive market. Next, let me discuss communications and data center. I'm pleased to note that our June quarter comms and data center revenue was up sequentially, and was up 30% year-over-year. There are 3 primary drivers of our year-over-year growth: one, we are benefiting from acquisition and organic growth in server applications, driven by Volterra technology; two, we are participating in the 4G LTE infrastructure build-out in China with our optical, RF and power products; and three, our cable infrastructure business continues to grow with the adoption of our advanced data converter products. We expect our comm and data center business to be flat in September from a strong June quarter. Overall, we are executing our strategy of delivering highly integrated solutions, which enable broader coverage, increased capacity and lower cost of ownership for the networks and data centers of the future. In the computing market, revenues in June were up strongly, driven by short-term strength in the notebook business. We expect computing to be down slightly in September. To summarize our view for the September quarter, we expect revenue from the industrial market to be down with seasonally lower core industrial sales. We expect automotive to be up slightly for a seventh consecutive quarter as we deliver on our pipeline of design wins. We are taking a cautious and prudent view of our consumer segment. We forecast consumer to be down significantly, driven by softness in smartphones at our leading customer, partially offset by the ramp of new flagship Mobility products. Communications and data center is expected to be flat from a strong June, with continued support from the fiber optic infrastructure build-out and base station deployment. Finally, computing is expected to be flat after a recovery in June. In closing, while we experience significant softness in our consumer market, we are on track to the long-term strategy we articulated at our recent Investor Day. Almost half of Maxim's revenue comes from highly integrated analog products. We are bringing the tremendous learning that we have gained as an organization to new power-efficient applications in industrial, automotive, comms and data center. And we are executing on our strategy to diversify our customer base in Mobility. Kathy, I'll now turn the call back to you.
Kathryn Ta: Thanks, Tunc. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we would now welcome your questions. [Operator Instructions] Jonathan, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You referenced weakness in both tablet and smartphones. Am I right in reading it that the tablet weakness was more about the June quarter miss and the phone weakness is more about the September quarter weakness, is that right?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Absolutely. I think in June, it was probably both tablets and older smartphones. And I think when we're talking about September, it is actually across all of the products. But certainly, the sort of the, kind of the leading-edge smartphone is the largest contributor.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then, I mean, it feels a little bit like Groundhog Day with last year. Hopefully, it won't be as deep and last as long, because it seems like you guys are taking actions pretty quickly. And I understood the comments about -- it was 33%, now it's 20%, 20%. It's going to be down to mid-teens. I mean, at what point do you guys consider it not worth it re-ramping with this business? I mean, we're going to go down the path again of next year, new phone cycle lunch and leaving ourselves exposed to this kind of dynamic again. I mean, is there any thought within the organization from a strategic perspective to stop pursuing this kind of business?
Tunc Doluca: So I mean, if we look at it, your numbers are right. I mean, we had a -- if you look at last year, we had a pretty deep revenue drop from our largest customer. As you pointed out, it is less this year than it was last year. Well, we have to accept the fact that this business is cyclical. There will be new platforms or new products at our customers that get announced and they're going to have -- we have ups and downs, whether it were our largest customer, or other customers that are in the Mobility market. But we are committed to this market. We can see that it's profitable for us. The customers really need the types of products that we make. We're able to win these sockets, not only at one customer, but at multiple customers. And all of that leads us to believe that this is a good market for us to be in with huge growth potential. So what we need to get used to is the fact that there are ups and downs and to make the adjustments necessary so that we don't get into inventory situations, of which we got into a little bit last quarter. So other than that, this is a good market, whether we're in the power side, on the sensor side, on the audio side or on the MEMS side. So we're going to pursue it, just like we said at our Investor Day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I apologize if you addressed this in your prepared comments, I've been jumping across 3 or 4 different calls. But can you help me quantify your handset exposure today between flagship, mid-range, low-end? And then, kind of help me understand for the shortfall in the September quarter, how each of those buckets kind of contributed. And I guess -- that was my first question and then I have a follow-up, sorry.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. This is Bruce. I'll take that. Well, certainly, the bulk of our business is still in the high-end, and I think we've said, probably 10% to 20% of our business is in the kind of the mid-range category, from a smartphone point of view. But still, we're primarily in the high-end. And when we look at the kind of where we saw that -- the shortfall, it clearly was in, as we've said, in the June quarter. It was due to the older products, both the kind of the older smartphones and the tablets. We still see some weakness from those in the September quarter. But this is really the kind of the demand for their flagship product, it's certainly weaker than expected. And I think it's worth pointing out that this is something which has kind of weakened as just in the kind of the last couple of weeks as well. So it is an area that we've looked at. As Tunc said, it's something I think we'll get better at managing the inventory side on. And as we continue to kind of sell different technologies into different platforms, have different customers, we look to -- try to smooth out these ups and downs. But I absolutely agree with Tunc's question, there's going to be product life cycle fluctuations in this business going forward. Going forward, my final point is, just again to reiterate what Tunc said, this is a profitable business for us. This isn't a question where maybe some of our other peers maybe exited businesses because they were losing money, that is certainly -- has not been the case for Maxim. And because of what we provide, the innovation and the benefits to our customer, it is a win-win.
John William Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then Tunc, as my follow-up, given that your strategy is to focus more on the flagship, there's a pretty strong evidence that suggests that maybe that's no longer a strong unit growth market. And so I'm kind of curious, as you look out over the next several years, what kind of content growth do you think you can achieve in that flagship bucket? And kind of what are the key applications we should be thinking about driving that content growth?
Tunc Doluca: So just to make sure that we're clear about our strategy, we do -- obviously, our leading-edge products go into the high-end smartphone space. And most of our revenue there comes from our power SoCs or power management products and also some comes from our sensor products, our optical sensor products. So our strategy, in general, is at the high-end, get more design wins with some of our other technologies, and those are audio and MEMS. And also, be able to add other sensors that are new, that are not even out there, functions that we don't have in current smartphones. So kind of broaden the technology base, that's one angle we're going with on the high-end. And on the mid-range, we see that much of the IT and technology we develop for the high-end phones can actually be repackaged up and wins design, and we see this in Chinese manufacturers, where we can win designs for our power management products, and we're getting revenues from that now. And we also see that in the future, some of these functions that are in high-end phones are going to migrate down to the mid-range phones as well. So that's another growth opportunity for us. So it's really both diversifying on the technology side, but also taking that technology and repurposing it into the mid-range phones, that's part of our growth. And as we've said before, the other piece of the strategy is to get more wins at other customers, not just remain at our largest customer, but diversify that revenue base. And we're definitely making progress on that front as well. So it's really mid-range and high-end, diversify the customers and get more technology or more dollar content per phone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So my first question is on the industrial end market. It had a strong quarter here in June, but it looks like you're expecting a little bit of a slowdown in September. Now is that just simply because of seasonality? Or is there anything else going on there, maybe distributors getting a little bit concerned about inventories?
Tunc Doluca: It's -- we really see it as seasonality. We really have not seen much of a signal of concern about inventory levels. We did quote the days of inventory, and it's really getting back to where, in our opinion, it should be, frankly. So I don't think we're seeing a growth of inventory in the channel in the industrial front. So for the core industrial business, it's basically seasonality. The first half has historically been stronger than the second half of the year. And that's offset a bit by our vertical business, which really doesn't have that seasonality, it's usually when our customers win their tenders and so on. So it's the combination of those 2 things. We don't believe it has to do with inventory build.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Very well. And as my follow-up, obviously, the flagship business and model is going to be down quite a bit in September quarter. But I think you also said there will be some offset from a new platform. I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit on that. Is that a new platform with the same customer? Or is there something else going on there?
Tunc Doluca: What's in my prepared remarks, what I was really talking about is a new platform at our largest customer that's going to begin to ramp. And in that platform, we -- if that platform goes to production as planned, we expect to have more content than last year's platform, so that's good news for us. But I was talking about that, it was not another customer or another application.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If I could just follow right up on that, because I thought you made comments about a pushout in a new category, and that being -- you have talked in the past about adding to your diversity of your customer base this year. Maybe you could just elaborate on that, what you were expecting and what you're seeing now.
Tunc Doluca: All right. Well, this is -- I did mention in my prepared remarks of a new consumer category. It's one that we have been working on for a while now. As I said, we do expect some revenues from it to add by the end of the year. And that's pretty much where we need to leave it at in terms of discussions.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Maybe a similar question, when you look -- I hate to bring up last year. You took the reset in June, September. It helps offset some seasonality. That customer typically has a down December. Could you see a similar trend as last year? You talked about a new platform at that customer, that should help offset. Just any perspective as you look into December, as you ramp any new content at new customers plus, just seasonality with your lead customer?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Blayne, this is Bruce. I'll take that. Certainly, when we talk about our largest customer, I think we all know they have their normal year-end inventory adjustment. Given our sort of limited visibility into demand and channel inventory, it's hard for us to predict if it's going to be any different this year than in prior years. But we generally assume they're going to do some level of inventory correction. As you said, that same customer is ramping a new platform. That ramp starts this quarter. And then, really in the December quarter, it kind of depends on how well that product does out in the marketplace, but that is -- can be an opportunity for us. But in addition, I think as you referred to, we do expect revenue from our other Mobility customers. It should be up meaningfully in that quarter. We'd still have to wait and see how everything goes, but as kind of -- as we look at it today, I think we feel good about the progress we've been making.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from ISI Group.
Ada Menaker - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: This is Ada calling in for C.J. Could you maybe shift gears a little bit and talk about the China LTE build-out, kind of how long do you see that continuing and where do you see upside after that cycle's complete?
Tunc Doluca: So essentially, the China LTE build-out, obviously, has been good for us and many other semiconductor suppliers. We -- but the thing -- the fact is that it's been rather lumpy in the past, and we don't expect that to really change too much. That makes it kind of difficult to predict the future. As I said, we did grow our revenues very healthily in the past year. And looking forward, I think it's pretty hard for us to really predict. But it's not a huge portion of our business, and that's probably the most important note I need to make, which makes us really not a good indicator of how that market's going to do in general. But I think that, from where we're looking at it, it looks like it's going to continue. But I think there are other chip suppliers that are probably a better indication of where that market is going. And as I said, it's not that big of a portion of our revenues.
Ada Menaker - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And for my follow-up, could you provide some additional color on the data center side of things? Maybe an update on the progress of integrating and proliferating the Volterra products that you now have.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, sure. So as you know, we've now completely moved Volterra into our business. We really do like the technology that we've seen. We've -- just to give you -- I'll use this opportunity to give you an update on that, we did see some headwinds, as everybody knows, in the OEM suppliers that everybody's familiar with, that are mostly in the U.S. However, we do see great opportunities for this technology in cloud data center applications that are not the OEM customers. And we definitely have found that because of the acquisition of Volterra by Maxim, by a company that has a much bigger presence in the market, many doors have now opened to us in the companies that are -- the cloud, let's call it the cloud companies, and we're seeing tremendous opportunity for us to be able to grow the comm and data center business, both from the Volterra side and from the optical side. So from that viewpoint, we've seen it being very beneficial. We also found -- we were kind of guessing at this, but we weren't sure, but we also found that the technology and the capabilities of that team are helping us out on the Mobility side as well. Some of the technologies of high current delivery of low voltages, it turns out it's getting more and more interesting and important, even in tablet and smartphones. So what we're seeing is -- just to summarize, we are seeing the headwinds from the traditional server customers that we had. I think that went through like a minimum, probably last quarter and recovered in the June quarter, somewhat. And -- but we're seeing, and a lot more excited about new opportunities we're seeing with a set of customers as well, that are either in the communications space, classical communication companies, or in the cloud space. And those revenues obviously will not contribute right away, but as we said, they will start picking up in the coming years. Hope that was helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike McConnell from Pacific Crest Securities.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on Blayne's question. So do you think your mobile revenue will bottom in the September quarter?
Tunc Doluca: Yes, that's going to be a little bit difficult to predict but what we can tell you is what our -- what the puts and takes are. And from our viewpoint, I think there's -- if all the programs occurred in the timing that we expect it to occur, we think that we should get better results in Mobility. But I think I've put enough words of caution in there about timing and so on at customers.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then regarding utilization rates, I believe you had said previously you're in the mid-70s. Where do you think you will be in the September quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Mike. This is Bruce. So yes, we did increase from 64% in the March quarter to about 75% in the June quarter. So we did see that increase we were expecting. I think for this quarter, given the lower revenue, we're probably going to dip down to around 70% from an internal fab utilization point of view. Again, that's something we can -- we're always actively managing, our split between internal and external. But right now, with the lower revenue, we're looking at for a small drop in that utilization.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Canada: I had a question on the target, and Bruce, I apologize if you addressed it already. At the Analyst Day, you said 30% op margin, it was a completely different run rate versus I'm sure what you're expecting, because you alluded to the fact that things changed over the last weeks, few weeks. So what's the right way to think about it? Is this going to be top line driven? And you expect a big ramp back half of the year? And if not, then is it going to be more on the OpEx side? And then I have a follow-up, as well.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I mean, I think as I said in my prepared remarks, we're still committed to that 30% operating margin in Q4. I think, again, as we said at Investor, that's assuming sort of the industry grows as expected. But I think it's going to come from both. I mean, but the current revenue weakness that we're looking at in the September quarter is near term, and it's sort of related to kind of products that we're selling currently. And it's too early to tell if this will impact our Q4 revenue. Certainly, as we've kind of talked about, our revenue opportunities outside our leading customer are all on track. I'm confident we're going to fix gross margin, and that's going to improve as we get inventory controls better. And as you can see, we're going to continue to tightly control OpEx. So the messaging that we gave during Investor Day, the goals around that from a financial model, that's something we're still aggressively working towards and are committed to.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. And then my follow-up is for you, Tunc. I and I'm sure everybody along with me who's listening, we regard you guys as very good stewards of capital, shareholder capital. This consumer business, tablets are slowing down. It looks like it's -- now it's a secular trend of tablets slowing down. Handsets, it's just hard for anybody to pick the next winner. So the reason that you intend to stay vested in this segment is because you think, if I understand it correctly, you think that there is -- it has good profit margins for you and it can drive growth. But why not take that and invest in -- you have really great franchises. Your automotive business has grown, as you showed us at the Analyst Day, it's a much bigger percent of your business. So why not take investments away from here and put them in areas where you're building strong and defensible franchises?
Tunc Doluca: Well, I mean, first of all, in all of the areas that we said we're investing in, we believe that we're investing in at the appropriate levels, whether it's automotive or industrial or communications and data center. And Mobility is one of them. So the way I really view where we put our money is, and we kind of look at what returns do we expect in each one of these segments and what's the risk profile. We -- when we look at the Mobility market, it is about 30% of the analog market, so it's not something you can ignore. And when we look at it, we don't really look at that we have to invest in Mobility, but what are the product lines inside of Mobility that are the ones that have the best returns for us. So that's the way we look at it. And what we see in Mobility is still a lot of growth opportunity. And there's a lot of growth opportunity even if the smartphone segment does not grow anymore. I mean, our share is still pretty small in the smartphone market, which means that we can grow it in a case where the growth is not huge. But the decisions are made based on each technology and product line. What is the growth opportunity for that? How profitable is it? How differentiated can we make our products? So we look at those, and depending on that, we move them within each one of these segments. Now Mobility is not just smartphones. I mean, we are investing in things that you mentioned. It might be slowing down, but it's still a good growth market in tablets. There's a whole new category coming up, which is wearables. Where that's going to exactly go, nobody knows right now. But I believe that there's some fundamental value that can be delivered to consumers, and I think it's a market where we actually have the technology and capabilities to make a difference. So that's a piece of Mobility. So in each case, we're looking at what returns can we get, what's the risk profile and what's the growth profile. Now in automotive, we've been investing in for many years. Almost 10 years ago was when we decided to get into it. So it takes -- it's a great franchise, but it takes a long time to build as well. So we really need to make sure that we're investing our portfolio of R&D into areas that have got all of these, that give us a good solid base, which we're doing with our industrial, comms and automotive, but also we have growth opportunities with our technology and our capabilities, where we can differentiate inside of Mobility. So that's why it's a portfolio that we manage.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Ing from MKM Partners.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: So industrial markets, I understand September should be down on European seasonality. But how sustainable is the recent industrial outperformance? I know around 2011, you had this distribution sales training increases, they created a lot of new design wins that have ramped over the years. How are you going to keep the momentum going here?
Tunc Doluca: So it's good that you remembered the, all the stuff we talked about back then. I mean, we do have -- we do obviously intend to continue to grow this business and we have taken some actions to make sure that occurs. We actually have a business unit that's actually dedicated, they don't design any products or have R&D, but it's a BU dedicated to grow the, what we call the small- and medium-sized customer business for the company, and most of that is industrial. This dedicated business unit really works jointly with our distribution sales force. And this model really gives us the ability to sell more of what we already got in the company. So really to extend our reach into the small and medium-sized businesses and market our products more aggressively to get more design wins. And we stopped reporting about it, but the number of new customers that we add, we do keep measuring it and it keeps going up every quarter. And our design registration numbers, those are also going up every quarter. So we're not just relying on what we did 2 or 3 years ago, but are still pushing it in innovative ways so that we can actually leverage our very broad product line and get it in front of more and more customers, more and more small customers around the world. So that's a very intense and focused activity in the company.
Ian Ing - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: And then, my follow-up. Your Sensor Fusion products for wearables, you talk about wearables, but you don't talk about the Internet of Things. Are you exposed to Internet of Things but you're not talking about it? Or you just chose not to repurpose your building blocks here, like sensors and microcontrollers?
Tunc Doluca: We actually have not talked about it because it's a very broad subject. So we view Internet of Things that are any type of electronic instrumentation or gadgets that are connected. And typically, those are gadgets that are measuring something, reporting something or controlling something. And we are in the middle of it. And we have many products that go into what I would call Internet of Things. But I find that everybody's got a different definition of what Internet of Things is. Definitely, any product that we make that's wearable or any sensor that's connected through either Bluetooth or Wi-Fi is Internet of Things. And all of these products have in them what we make. I mean, that we have -- it can either use our sensors, we find customers in that space who are using some of our advanced microcontroller products, which have security, analog metrology, a very low-power micro in them. So we're seeing design pull for those. So we're basically in it. But in my mind, it's really not clearly defined what it is. It's a pretty wide swath of products that go out there. So we definitely have products that are going there. And definitely, wearables are -- I guess, you could call them, some of -- in a group of Internet of Things, even though they mostly interface with humans. So we're in it and we've got the technologies to be able to win in that market. And our biggest investment, I would say, is on the medical side of that market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Tunc, when you talked about the MEMS product as being something you're looking forward to in the wearables market, could you drill down on that a little bit? On MEMS, where are we in the development cycle? Are you shipping into production systems right now? And on the wearables side, which of the components you think in the wearables market are you most differentiated? And when do you think that market helps move the needle?
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So there's, I guess there's 2 parts of that question. On the MEMS side, let me give you some -- I'll give you an update on that. So we do -- as you know, we did announce our first generation products. We did make some improvements in those, and got another generation of product now. Basically, the biggest thing we had to do was to reduce the amount of power consumption the product has, so we've achieved that. We do have the product that's got the best accuracy overall. But power usage turned out to be more important. We are shipping -- and we have a design win in a small volume smartphone. We're going to begin to start shipping that pretty soon, but that will be pretty modest. But it's a start. Essentially, we have to prove ourselves. We know we have made the technology work, but until you're in production, the rubber hasn't met the road. So the second generation 6-degrees-of-freedom product, we're engaged with multiple other customers, other than the one that I just mentioned. And we're seeing good responses to the technology that we're showing them. So we're -- we've seen some progress and I'm happy to see that we are seeing that progress. Now on your other question on wearables, where is it that we can add value. Clearly, we know we can add value on the power management side. We know we can add value on all the functions related to power management: charging and regulation and fuel gauging, functions like that. We know we can add value on the sensor side, and we have products and technologies of various kinds, actually, that can be used in wearables, whether it's the sensor itself or whether it is the signal processing that's required for the sensor. So, and we have touch, so we're capable. We've got programs going in each one of these areas. But I feel like the killer product in wearables is not really out there yet. And when that happens, I think there will be -- my belief is that there will be an explosion of demand for these types of parts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from RBC.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Tunc, can you maybe spend a little time talking about some of the successes or what you're seeing in driving your highly integrated solutions outside of handsets? And what type of content growth that, that could be driving for you?
Tunc Doluca: So outside of handsets, we're -- let me take it market-by-market, that's probably easiest to categorize here. So clearly, the high-integration products are very valuable in applications where there's either a power constraint or a size constraint in the application, or we can deliver better functionality or performance by putting together a complete solution for the customer. And if you look at -- in the medical space, for example, clearly, I gave that example earlier, where our new generation advanced microcontroller products, where we got a micro, we can put on a very accurate, precise high-quality analog front end to make measurements. Combine that with security features so we can lock down any data in a medical application, and really combine that with a micro that's ultralow power, which we've been able to achieve. That's a really good example of a high-integration product that can provide great value to the customer. And other examples that we can think about are in the comms market. We have some really advanced RF data converters, these are mostly D2A converters and they have, the old chips that have combinations of not only a very high-speed, gigahertz-speed DAC, but in combination with some digital upconverter technology that we also deliver to the customer, is another example where we've been able to differentiate and really make a difference for the customer's end product. We have examples in industrial for financial terminals, for example, those products are cases where you've got to combine security, you've got to combine the tamper-detection circuitry and many other functions on a single chip. And really give the customer an entire solution, that's been what's winning designs for us, because the customer knows that the product we provide, not only do, does all the functions, but it also is completely certified by Euro, MasterCard and Visa, so it's an easy way for them to get to their end market. So those are just a few examples I picked. Another one is in smart meters. Again, a core microcontroller, which is really the core of the system. And around it, we combine it with metrology to measure energy consumption. Again, we combine it with security features, and it really makes the best product out there, if you think about smart meters that are getting installed all over the world. So these are just a few examples, and it's a pretty long list. But I -- just for the sake of time, I'm going to just end it there.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. If I could -- you mentioned touch in some of your earlier comments and in the answer to the last question. Touch has been an area where it's been on again, off again with you guys. Where do you think that can go? And do you expect any material revenues? Is this something we should be paying attention to now?
Tunc Doluca: Well, the touch space is pretty competitive. We believe we have a different and a compelling solution. But I think the incumbents usually have an advantage because they're incumbents. We do have some design wins and some revenue coming from it, but it's still -- if you look at the rank order of the suppliers in that space, we're not in the top 5, and it's -- I don't think that's really going to change materially. However, we are finding opportunities to use that technology to combine it with some of our other products and that could be really useful in a very space-constrained, like a wearable-type product. So we see that as an opportunity. But I don't want to mislead, there's -- it's not like we have any design wins in that space either. But I think there will be modest revenues from that and it's really not going to make an appreciable difference in the next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Given some of the issues you've seen in the Mobility segment, are you rethinking at all just some of the long-term growth opportunities that you see in that market?
Tunc Doluca: Well, we think about it all the time. It's not -- we think about it because it's part of our planning for the future, and we look at what the growth opportunities are overall in the market, and we look at what the growth opportunities are for each product line in terms of return on investment. So it is a market where the analog content is projected to grow at about 8% or 9% by market research analysts, which is very healthy growth, looking at the growth rate we've seen in analog for a long time. But we really look at it product line at a time. I mean, inside of Mobility, which are the product lines where we can deliver value and where customers are seeking that value from us. And we're making those decisions constantly, not just based on reaction to some overbuild of some inventory and weakness in demand in some old generation products. So it's not something that -- it's not really a knee-jerk reaction, it's something that we do constantly.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. As a follow-up for Bruce, last summer, when you saw some reset, you opportunistically stepped up the buyback, how do you think about kind of the balance sheet today and buybacks at this time?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I mean, I think, obviously we're committed to that return of capital. You saw the increase in our dividend. We increased that by 8%. In addition, we do have -- we're always in the market and looking to buy back our stock. To the extent that there is any pullback near term, we will certainly -- we have a matrix that drives higher buybacks at lower stock prices. So we'll absolutely take advantage of any near-term pullback.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vernon Essi from Needham & Company.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just sort of going back to, I guess, the sensor and MEMS discussion, and if you could give us any, I guess, understanding of the size of that revenue footprint versus, say, the core analog and power functionality you're bringing to the phone over time? I'm just trying to understand, over the next couple of years, how much of a scope creep you think you're going to have in that dollar content versus where you're at today?
Tunc Doluca: I -- okay, so in general, we're -- we've talked about market growth rates and the SAMs that we're really going after. We've not broken down what that means in terms of individual product line growth rates, and I don't think we really want to do that at this time either. But directionally, what we see when we looked at our plans is that currently -- and we had shown that -- I'm trying to visualize the slides that Chae showed. But we're showing that today's revenues were about 3/4 from power, is what I remember from the slide, and 1/4 was from sensors. And going forward, what we showed as in the next few years, we expect that to be maybe about 50/50 between sensors and power. And I'm doing that from memory, and we can look back at the slides and make sure that was right. But that's pretty much what we see going forward in terms of the Mobility content.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just to follow on that point, Tunc, how do you feel about the margin structure of the sensor side of the business versus the margins that you've had on power? There seems to be this prevailing thought process that sensors could be a lower margin opportunity over time. How do you feel about that over the next couple of years?
Tunc Doluca: Well, it really depends on the type of sensor. We expect the margins to be similar to what we've seen in the Mobility market when taken overall. But I think, from a margin standpoint, I've no doubt that it would be more challenging on the MEMS side, and because that's a more mature market. But when we look at some of the newest generation products we bring out that have functionality that customers have not seen before, on those ones, we're able to maintain the margins that we need. So it's going to be a mix, and it's really determined by how differentiated your product is. I don't think that's a surprise to anybody. So I think the combination of those 2, probably going to end up approximately where we need it to be in the Mobility space.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Chin from UBS.
Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Tunc, your most recent -- maybe if you can help -- in terms of the September quarter, what's the typical linearity for the industrial and the comms businesses? I understand that they had both really strong performances in June. I was wondering if there's any typical progression and if there's any opportunity for potentially a bit more demand later in the quarter depending on the state of inventories and general macro trends later in the quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, I mean, generally speaking, linearity throughout the quarter for us, we're relatively linear, right? We don't have any type of big back end. And so from that point of view, as you know, we enter a quarter about 60% cover through backlog. And generally, that kind of shifts evenly throughout the quarter. The only comment, potentially, is I think we all know, in like core industrial business, right, to the extent that Europe business slows down in August and then we all, historically, wait for after Labor Day and see what the POs look like to see if there's going to be any uptick in that. But I think over time, that's become less meaningful as MRP systems have gotten more sophisticated. So I don't think there's any big takeaway on the linearity within the quarter.
Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up on the sort of data center power management business, in terms of Volterra and that product line. Can you remind us, with the upcoming Intel Grantley server cycle, what kind of opportunity that represents for the Volterra business?
Tunc Doluca: Yes, so on the Grantley cycle, the design wins at Volterra, and we knew this going in, were slightly less than they were in the previous generation. So that's really not a surprise for us. But as I said in a previous question that got asked, we see a huge opportunity for that technology that we found in -- not in the traditional servers, but servers that are custom-designed by cloud companies. And in general, what we find is that the CPU still might be the same, it still might be an Intel CPU, but the -- some of the architectures are different, so it's not as standardized as it is. And as all of you know, if something is standardized, there's a lot of pressure on price. But what we're finding is that many of the cloud servers, because they have to pay for the cost of running this equipment, they're a lot more -- they're looking for a lot more innovation, and that's where we're seeing our opportunities, frankly. So we're more focused, not only on what the processor companies do, but more on what are the special requirements of the cloud companies. That's the focus of the company right now.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was just curious on the Mobility weakness there, is it just a unit issue? Because it seems like you had gained dollar content on the latest generation at your largest customer. So I just was trying to clarify it's just a unit issue there versus really a dollar content change versus your original expectations.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, it is a unit issue. I mean, we had said before that our dollar content has actually gone up, and it really is the number of phones that are being sold and how the inventory in the channel is playing towards that. So if we really -- when we really look at our numbers, and we also -- keep in mind that we don't really know how many phones get turned on by consumers, but there are market reports that we look at, and if you add up what the market reports are saying, it sounds like this quarter, we'll be shipping less than what the end consumer sale of smartphones are in flagship phones. So it really is a unit issue, it's not a dollar content issue.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you've been trying to diversify your customer base. I think you mentioned you gained at some other major OEMs, not counting the Chinese. I'm just curious how you felt you did in terms of the dollar content gains at the other Tier 1 OEMs relative to what you were hoping to get?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Steve. This is Bruce. I don't think we're going to comment on something that's -- dollar content that's not yet out there. Except to say that we do think, overall, these businesses should be meaningful for us.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last question, I just -- I think on the tablet side, it sounded like the cycles were a little bit longer. Do you have any visibility into when that might come back in? Because it sounded like you said you were being conservative, so maybe there's an opportunity that comes in at the end of the day, stronger than you might have hoped.
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think on tablets, what we really were -- if we didn't convey it properly, I will. It's really the fact that the growth that was being expected from our leading customer is really not happening in terms of unit sales. Basically, that's it. It's -- and what we said was that consumers really are not replacing their tablets at the rate that they replace their smartphone. So that really -- you can see that as end demand is really not growing, because people are using the tablets they had that they'd brought previously.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: And I think, Steve, in addition to that, it's just kind of worth noting that we've commented in the past, and Tunc commented as well, when we look at tablets and we look at our audio products, that's certainly an area where our technology fits well with that platform and that's a business, which for our audio business, we think we're growing that business through market share gains.
Kathryn Ta: Okay. So with that, this concludes Maxim Integrated's conference call. We would like to thank you for your participation, and for your interest in Maxim.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tun Doluca - President and CEO Kathy Ta - MD, IR Bruce Kiddoo - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital James Covello - Goldman Sachs Steven Smigie - Raymond James CJ Muse - ISI Group Aashish Rao - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets Evan Wang - Stifel Nicolaus Earl Hege - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Third Quarter of Fiscal 2014 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Kathy Ta, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Kathy.
Kathy Ta: Thank you, Jonathan, and welcome, everyone, to Maxim Integrated's fiscal third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce Kiddoo: Thanks Kathy. I will review Maxim's third quarter financial results. Revenue for the third quarter was $606 million, down 2% from the second quarter in line with our guidance. Our revenue mix by major market in Q3 was approximately 38% from Consumer, 31% Industrial, 17% Communications and 14% Computing. Our Consumer business declined due to normal seasonality, partially offset by the initial ramp of a new smartphone at our largest customer. Our Industrial business was up strongly, with continued growth in Automotive and signaled strength in our core industrial business. In Automotive, we saw broad-based ramps in infotainment and LED lighting applications. Our Communication business was up, with strength in base stations due to the China 4G LTE rollout and cable infrastructure products. Finally, our Computing business was significantly down as expected, due to our server and notebook business, with server market weakness at major U.S. OEMs and the decline of our notebook business. Maxim's gross margin, excluding special items was 60.1%, down from 61.1% excluding warranty expense in the prior quarter, due to lower fab utilization in Q2 and higher inventory reserves in Q3. Special items in Q3 gross margin were intangible asset amortization and inventory write-up from acquisitions. Operating expenses excluding special items were $222 million, down from $226 million in the prior quarter, due to additional cost synergies from Volterra, and lower spending across double categories, as we continue to tightly control spending. The decline in OpEx matched the decline in revenue. For Volterra, in Q3, we beat our annual synergy target of $15 million. Special items in Q3 operating expenses, included acquisition related and restructuring charges. Q3 GAAP operating income, excluding special items was $142 million or 23% of revenue. Q3 other income, included $17 million in IP licensing income, net of expenses. This was from an ongoing licensing program and was much higher than in prior quarters. We are now able to predict contributions from IP licensing in future quarters, if any. The Q3 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 18.3%, down from 20.3% in the prior quarter. Special items in the Q3 tax rate, included a $35 million credit, related to a more favorable tax treatment for depreciation of fixed assets. GAAP earnings per share excluding special items was $0.43, up from $0.41 in the prior period, excluding warranty expense. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow; during the quarter, cash flow from operations was $212 million or 35% of revenue. Inventory was 109 days, excluding special items, down slightly from the prior quarter. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalog distributors, decreased from 51 to 49 days, as channel inventory in dollar terms decreased. Net capital additions totaled $25 million in Q3, down from the prior quarter, and at 4% of revenue, below our target of 5% to 7% of revenues. Share repurchases totaled $51 million in Q3, as we bought back 1.7 million shares. We also paid $73 million in dividends to our shareholders. Year-to-date for this fiscal year, we have returned over 100% of free cash flow to shareholders, through dividends and share repurchases. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short term investments increased by $81 million in the quarter to $1.23 billion. Moving on to guidance; driven by very strong Q3 bookings, our beginning Q4 backlog increased by $47 million to $413 million. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q4 revenue of $635 million to $665 million. Our momentum is broad-based, as we expect sequential revenue growth in every one of our major end markets. Q4 gross margin, excluding special items is estimated at 61% to 63%. Q4 gross margin will benefit from improving fab utilization in Q3 and Q4. Inventory reserves and mix may also impact Q4 gross margin. Special items in Q4 gross margin are estimated at $19 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Q4 operating expenses excluding special items are expected to increase approximately 2% to 3% as our variable employee bonus accrual is up, due to the higher revenue and higher gross margin. It is worth noting OpEx is expected to increase at less than half the rate of revenue growth at the midpoint of our guidance. Special items in Q4 operating expenses are estimated at $4 million to $5 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Our Q4 tax rate, excluding special items is estimated at 18% to 20%. For GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.45 to $0.49. Net capital expenditures in Q4 are expected to be up from Q3 for test capacity required to support increasing demands, but still within our target of 5% to 7% of revenue. We expect share repurchases in Q4 to be consistent with the prior quarter adjusted for market conditions as appropriate. Finally, our Board of Directors has approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.26 per share, approximately a 3.2% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I will now turn the call over to Tun, to further discuss our business.
Tun Doluca: Thank you, Bruce, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. We appreciate your interest in Maxim Integrated and thank you for joining us today. I would like to start off with a brief overview of the analog market landscape, trends that we are observing, and why we believe Maxim is best positioned to take advantage of these trends. Over the years, Maxim has built a robust portfolio of products and capabilities, which offers us a unique industry position, to provide system level integration for our customers. Our experience in serving Mobility customers provided tremendous learning for our organization. We are now seeking the same requirements for simpler system design, lower power, higher performance and more space efficiency in our Automotive, Industrial, Communications and Datacenter markets. The convergence of these requirements is the most significant secular growth driver in the analog industry today. From Infotainment and Automotive applications to Mobile Payment systems and Industrial, customers are increasingly marching to the same drumbeat and drive for integration, as we have with our Mobility customers. In addition, Mobility is still hitting its stride, with increased content in new smartphone platforms, tablets, E-Readers, and a growing category of wearables. With that commentary as a backdrop, let me next provide some color on our major markets, starting with Consumer, as customary. We expect our June quarter Consumer end market revenue to be up strongly, reflecting a full quarter of shipments to our leading customer on their latest generation smartphone. Beyond our leading customer, we are diversifying our exposure within Mobility in several ways. First, we are expanding our technology offerings for mobile devices. Our Mobility portfolio includes power management, optical sensor, MEMS, audio amplifier and touch products. W see opportunities to differentiate in audio and are shipping next generation audio amplifiers to a major customer. Sensors are the largest growth market for us within Mobility, and we are receiving customer poll from new used cases that combine sensors with other technologies. Our high integration power system-on-a-chip remains best in class, and customized versions of this product are being designed and at multiple customers. Second, we are seeing traction in the mid-range smartphone market, particularly in China, and we achieved new power SoC wins in the quarter. We are able to leverage the systems expertise that we develop, for high end smartphones, as mid-range phones become richer in their feature set. Third, we are expanding beyond smartphones, with games and tablets, E-Readers, and wearables. A significant portion of this business is diversified beyond a leading customer. Wearable devices in particular, play to our strengths in highly integrated small form factor and low power solutions. Let me now turn to the Industrial market; I am pleased to note that our March quarter Industrial plus Automotive business was up about 25% from a year ago. We project June quarter industrial revenue to be up strongly, driven primarily by growth in Automotive and favorable seasonality in our core industrial business. We grew our Automotive business for the fifth consecutive quarter. The largest driver of this growth has been in Infotainment, as the Mobility user experience moves to the Automotive market. We are also observing that the number of processors and sensors for car, is increasing, which results in expanded opportunities for us. In the quarter, we experienced broad-based ramps at multiple customers, for infotainment and body electronics applications. Over time, we anticipate additional growth, in areas such as advanced driver assistance safety systems and in hybrid and electric vehicle battery management. Our highly integrated medical products addressed the growing need for affordable low power and biomedical monitoring devices in doctor's offices and in preventive care at home. We achieved several design wins in the quarter, including a high integration portable ultra sound transceiver, and a medical heart rate monitoring device. The key to our success is our ability to integrate low power, secure microcontrollers, with highly accurate analog measurement, and expertise in developing compact, highly efficient power management solutions. In Mobile Payments, we are sampling a new highly integrated system-on-a-chip product, which has been received well by multiple customers, making very small form factor point-of-sale terminals. We are very well positioned for the heightened security requirements for financial terminals, which utilize Chip and PIN smart card architectures. Let me now provide some commentary on our distribution business; we have seen strong end market bookings and resales in North America and Europe for the last two quarters, resulting in 15% and 20% reductions respectively in distributor days of inventory. Globally, days of inventory was 49 days at the end of the March quarter, versus 51 days at the end of the December quarter. Next, let me discuss Communications; I am pleased to note that our March quarter communications business was up over 15% from this time a year ago. In addition, we expect our Communications business to be up again in June, from an already strong March quarter. Our optical, RF and power products are all participating in the 4G LTE infrastructure buildout in China, and we saw strength in our business related to this opportunity. In addition, our cable infrastructure business continues to grow, with the adoption of our advanced data converter products. Overall, we are executing our strategy of delivering highly integrated solutions, which enable broader coverage, increased capacity and lower cost of ownership with the networks and data centers of the future. In the computing market, revenues are expected to be up in June, off a very weak March quarter. I am pleased with our progress in integrating Volterra, and we are excited about the interests our customers have shown in Volterra's high density, efficient power management solutions for the Communications, data center, enterprise server and storage markets. As Bruce mentioned, within our March quarter, we surpassed our financial synergy target for the integration of Volterra. To summarize our view for the June quarter, we expect revenue from the industrial market to strongly increase, led by Automotive applications and seasonally higher core industrial sales. We expect Consumer to be strongly up, with the ramp of new flagship smartphones and more diversified technologies. Communications is expected to be up from a strong March, driven by fiber optic infrastructure buildout and basestation deployment, and computing is expected to be up over a very weak March quarter. In closing, I would like to extend an invitation to each of you, to attend our upcoming Investor Day, which will be held in Boston on Wednesday, May 21. Registration information may be found on our web site, or by contacting our Investor Relations group. At our Investor Day, we will update our long term view of our strategy and competitive position, as well as provide live demonstrations of our latest technology. Kathy, I will now turn the call back to you.
Kathy Ta: Thanks Tun. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we would now welcome your questions. In the interest of reaching everyone in the queue, we would ask that you ask just one question with one follow-up. Jonathan, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Christopher Danely from JP Morgan. Your question please.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan: Hey, thanks guys. So you gave us some very good color on the June quarter, can you just talk about your visibility in the second half of the year, and may be get into the various end markets a little bit. What you are thinking, what we should be thinking?
Tun Doluca: Well our visibility is pretty limited frankly. We have got a pretty good view of the June quarter as I shared. But when you begin to go beyond that, then in most of our markets, its kind of difficult to see what its going to look like. Having said that, if you kind of looked at our two segments, consumer and the rest of our business. The one that's more difficult obviously is Consumer, and in the other space, for us in Industrial, we are seeing channel inventory is not very high. So there is no excess that we are seeing in that, which means that most of the products we are shipping are ending up at customers. So that bodes well for the second half of the year, but as I said, its very difficult to give color, that's more specific than that.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan: Sure. And as my follow-up, I guess just to drill down on the Consumer front. So you are seeing a nice ramp at smartphone this quarter. Last year, we had a nice strong ramp of the smartphone in the same quarter, and then things tailed off a little bit in the second half of the year. Can you just maybe give us a little bit of confidence as to why that should not happen this year, or what the circumstances would be this year versus last year?
Tun Doluca: Well, there is a big difference that we see between last year and this year. Last year, if you recall our largest customer, when they launched their new [indiscernible] platform, they were very bullish and had very high expectations of end consumers' purchases of these phones. So we pretty much ramped up production and they received units for those high numbers, to find out the demand pool from the end market was not as hard. So the difference this year is that we are seeing goals that are -- and the forecast coming from the customer, that are much more moderated, and those levels that we see are more in line with what we think is going to happen, and they are more, I'd say with what we had pretty much last year, ended up happening in terms of the new phone launch. So that's why we don't really expect the big inventory build last year, that eventually resulted in our revenues falling.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan: Great. Thanks a lot.
Tun Doluca: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Securities. Your question please.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities: Good afternoon. Thanks so much for letting me ask the question. On Industrial, it looks like your performance is quite a bit better than the supply chain, seeing that Avnet this morning was light on revenues, and then just looking at some of your mixed signal peers like Linear and Xilinx, the Industrial performance is nowhere near as good as what you're showing here in the March quarter. You're guiding for growth again in June. So I was hoping you could just may be provide additional color on why your Industrial and Auto business is performing so much better than the rest of the supply chain. And I guess as a follow-up, is there any concern that, as you go into the second half of the year, that we may see some numerous versions?
Tun Doluca: Okay. So, as you know, and you noted Romit, we do combine Automotive inside of Industrial, and if I were to kind of break what the reasons are, that we are doing pretty well in the market, year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. Primarily, our Automotive business has been very strong. That obviously is contributing to growth in Industrial. And the reason for that, mainly is because, we have got a product portfolio in some cases that's more diversified than some of our competitors, and there is a strong pool for those products. So we are seeing good growth in Automotive, so that's contributing to that. And in Industrial, if you recall, we've got a product strategy that's got a high integration of component that's more vertical as more core or building block type products, and we are really seeing good growth in both of those year-over-year and I think that that's really helping us with this growth. We were a little bit concerned, whether this was just inventory build at our distributors of the channel. So the data [ph] of inventory says that that's not the case, actually we chose that, especially in distribution in Europe and the U.S., that's gone down significantly, as I said in my commentary, so that's not happening. And we also have looked at some of the bellwether Industrial companies to see whether their revenues are increasing or their forecasting increases, and three or four companies that we looked at, they all are saying they are seeing strong growth in their businesses. So all of that is indicating that there is more activity there. Whether I can answer the question on why we are different than others, that's pretty difficult. On some of them, we have been on different cycles frankly in the past. So just looking at one quarter, its pretty hard to say, but we can kind of tell you about how are doing, its kind of hard for us to tell why that's different from what others are saying.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities: Yeah, its just that 25% year-on-year growth really stands out for this kind of end market. Just lastly, Tun or Bruce, could you tell us what Automotive is now as a percentage of your business?
Bruce Kiddoo: So Romit, as you know, we don't break that out, something we are thinking about. But right now, as we have said before, its in the high single digits, and as Tun indicated, it continues to grow very strongly, both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. I think as Tun indicated, right, it is five consecutive quarters of growth, and so this is one of those markets that, as we get those design wins, that have seasonal strength in the first half of the calendar year. But then those just sort of layer on top and the old ones aren't falling off. So we can -- we see real strong growth in the first half of the year, and more modest growth in the back half of the year. But overall, that has been a very steady and a very strong grower for us.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities: All right. Great quarter. Thank you.
Kathy Ta: Thanks Romit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays. Your question please.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital: Hey, good afternoon guys. Couple of questions; first, on computing, obviously down much more than the market. Was that just the paring back of products and how did that fare versus your expectations in the quarter?
Tun Doluca: So on the computing side, as I said in my prepared remarks, it was down strongly in the March quarter, and the biggest reason for that was weakness in the two largest OEMs that we saw, and the server market in general, if you followed their announcements, you could see major double digit declines in their businesses. So there is the effect of that for sure on our business, and its -- in this quarter, there is some recovery of that business, but essentially it has been down, because the U.S. OEMs have been weak, in terms of their end market sales. One more thing, we also include notebook in computing, and that also seasonally goes down, plus its an area that both us and before us, Volterra had stopped investing in, so that was expected, going into the future.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital: Got you. Thanks. And then on the financial terminals, there is obviously a lot of talk about infrastructure rollout ahead of the U.S. rollout next year. How big is that financial terminal business, if you can break out any rough terms and are you -- where do you see the kind of [indiscernible] infrastructure obviously has to be in place before they roll out any card?
Tun Doluca: So financial terminals percent of revenue is really not that large for us, its in the low single digits. However our technology is very suitable and the dollar content is higher in Chip and PIN type terminals, which as you know is not what's used in the U.S., and there is lot of discussions about when that should get rolled out, because of the several [indiscernible], at the end of last year. But, when that does start to roll out and we don't have the timing yet, frankly, we will be well positioned for it, because our products are very well suited because of our small form factor, as well as our fully certified solutions in terms of security. Our success, we have had in other parts of the world and Europe and China can definitely be translated into the U.S., and that would add to our revenues in the coming years. The exact timing, we can't tell at the moment.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital: Thank you, Tun.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great guys. Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking the question. Just referring back to one of the previous questions, I mean, someone was trying to suggest that you guys are going to have a problem in Industrial and Automotive, because you're growing quickly in the June quarter. Aren't I correct, that you had the fastest growth of any Industrial Automotive analog company in the June quarter of last year, and you didn't have a big decline in that particular segment last year?
Bruce Kiddoo: I don't know if we were the biggest. We certainly had kind of high double digit, high teens growth last year, and we were able to maintain that level. And again, I think for a couple of reasons, one, the Automotive, kind of -- is strong in the first half of the year, but then it sort of maintains that level in the back half of the year. And then the other thing again, I think as Tun indicated, inventory levels are very low, right. We are below 50 right now. We are at 49 days; and if you look at Europe and North America, they are also very low. And I guess the final item I would highlight is, when we look at end market bookings, which is sort of the -- are most -- kind of the bookings of the small customers on the distributors. In the Industrial regions, U.S., Europe, Korea, those were all up -- those end market bookings were all up very strongly in the quarter, and so again, that's another leading indicator that we see this kind of continued strength, at least for -- certainly this quarter, and it seems for -- its set up for next quarter as well.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Thoughtful, thank you. For a follow-up, obviously the market is always going to be concerned about percentage of revenue at any one big customer. Can you just give us, on a qualitative basis, relative to how big your biggest customer might have gotten in prior product cycle ramps. Can you give us any kind of, again, qualitative or a feel for how big it might get in the June quarter as a percentage of total revenue, compared to what it looked like last time? is it close to being the same, is it quite a bit different because of diversification from other segment, somewhere in between?
Bruce Kiddoo: I think its significantly different. As Tun indicated last year, in our fiscal third quarter of 2013, our largest customer was very bullish on both their new product ramp and on their existing platform. And certainly that customer spiked in that quarter, I think we publicly said, it went up to over 30%, and therefore for the year. Samsung, we reported in our 10-K, it was around 27% of revenues. I think we have consistently indicated that, today, Samsung is around 20% of revenues. And so that's sort of the relative way [ph] for that.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs: Very helpful. Thanks a lot. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: Great. Thanks a lot. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the diversification you're seeing in the Consumer business. I guess one part of that is, can you talk about for the SoC wins that you mentioned for the Chinese smartphones. Would that be revenue that's ramping at this point, or is that just you have the design wins and that's future revenue, will be one part; and the other part would just be, are there other major platforms out there that you've gained on, that you might ramp on later in the year? Thanks.
Tun Doluca: What I mentioned in my prepared remarks about design wins for our power SoCs, these are wins that are occurring as we speak, so they don't really contribute to revenue until the second half of the year. So that's kind of the color on that one; and your other question was about others, diversification efforts. We have communicated that in the past, but let me repeat what we are doing. We are first of all, trying to diversify technologies beyond power, and I spoke of that a little bit, by winning in optical sensors and motion sensors and MEMS and as well as touch controllers and audio. We are getting design wins in all of these. They are not at levels that are other than the optical sensors at levels that are as high as our power products yet, but we are definitely going in the right direction. We also, in the last year, won a lot of designs in product platforms different from high-end smartphones, so we have won designs now in mid-range phones, we have won designs in tablets and e-readers, and there is this new area of wearables that are coming, so that was our second piece of our diversification strategy. And the third piece, if you recall was to achieve design wins with multiple customers, other than our largest, and in that space, we are making progress as well. You've seen some [indiscernible] that are showing products at our other large Mobility customers, and as I said, I mentioned some of the Chinese wins that we also talked about. So the diversification strategy is doing well on all three fronts.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: Great. Thank you. Then, on the Automotive businesses, could you talk a little bit about the dollar content, or at least the diversity of products that you have in an electric vehicle and hybrid battery management solution and similarly on infotainment application?
Tun Doluca: Well we have, if you look at that key areas that we invested in, and we believe there is going to be long term growth are infotainment applications. And in infotainment, we make regulators of power. We also make tuner ICs for satellites or digital audio broadcast type applications, related to infotainment, but also for safety applications, we have got products that we make for distribution of video content, and this is really to get video from multiple video cameras that are now placed, especially in our high end markets. But it will all migrate to mid-range cars as well. We have great technology in that space to robustly get the information from point A to point B. We have got products for Keyless Go, this is a very robust solution to make sure that we have the secure solution that's lower cost for our customer, but also provides a longer range for keys that are used in Keyless Go.  Finally, you asked about hybrid and electric vehicles, we have battery charging and monitoring ICs that go into both -- any car that's got a significant amount of battery in it, whether its hybrid or all electric. And also remember that, these electric cars also use all of these other solutions as well, infotainment, video content distribution, Keyless Go etcetera. One area in Automotive that's providing our success is that we do have a pretty broad range of products for broad applications, which means basically that, since we got into this after many of our competitors, we've got a small share in each one of these, that's why there is potential for us to grow, as we are demonstrating, because we are really starting off of a small base from each and every one of these applications or solutions for our customers.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: Great. Thank you.
Tun Doluca: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse from ISI Group.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. This is [indiscernible] calling in for CJ, question about your sensors. In terms of proliferating them to customers other than your main customers, is the Android ecosystem incorporating some of these capabilities? Do the manufacturers have to kind of layer it in on their own?
Tun Doluca: Well, can I get some clarification, when you say sensors, are you talking about optical or are you talking about MEMS?
Unidentified Analyst: Both.
Tun Doluca: Both, okay. So most of our success so far, just for clarity purposes, has been on the optical side. And on the optical side, it really depends. Some products are going to modules, but then get manufactured by a module maker, and then ends up at the smartphone maker. In some cases, they are installed directly on to the motherboard. So it really depends. But in each case, we really have to provide a good amount of support, application support, to make sure that our products do work in tip top form, and they provide the accuracy and the robustness that our customer requires. So having that ability in handling a customer also helps us in terms of the stickiness of the [indiscernible] eventually when somebody else wants to break in. On the MEMS side, we really -- our success in MEMS so far has been on the Automotive side, in terms of winning projects. As you recall, we reported last year, that we had brought the MEMS technology, brought it up successfully in our own manufacturing facilities, which was a great achievement. We did design our first generation Six Degree of Freedom consumer MEMS product, they fell short on power consumption, although it provided much better accuracy than any of our competitors were able to. So we have now worked on generating our second design, which addresses the power problem, but still provides a great deal of accuracy. So now when we are working directly with the phone makers in order to achieve design wins.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Tun Doluca: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aashish Rao from Bank of America.
Aashish Rao - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have two questions. First one for Tun, may be I will just follow-up on the sensor question. You've had good revenue growth over the last couple of years, with gesture sensors, heart rate monitors and others. But it looks like several competitors are also coming into the market, soon after you -- and are also competing fairly aggressively on the pricing front. So just wondering, I mean, could you provide some perspective on what's the IP that you have in the sensor business? How protected are you from others doing the same, three, six months down the road, or is this going to be dependent on continually finding the next big sensor thing every year?
Tun Doluca: Well on the optical sensor front, there is obviously heavy competition. These sockets are pretty valuable, just like they are valuable to us, they are valuable to their competitors. So they will go after them. There is -- these products are really not that easy to make frankly. There is -- you not only have to have the process technology to be able to make them, there is a lot of additions for the optical side, and there is also algorithms that one has to really figure out and make them robust, so they work in environments that are quite interesting frankly. So they are barriers to entry in terms of both design, process technology or manufacturing, as well as algorithms. Now having said that, obviously the competitors do put a lot of resources to overcome those. So your assessment is pretty accurate. We have to be coming up with new innovations in this area going forward. But that's the requirement that we hear from our customers. So its not like, this is a stable business, a known solution and generation after generation, all they are asking for, is cost reductions. That's not the environment that we are in right now. The environment is, from our customers and from us frankly, some of these ideas were ours, and we propose them to our customers. We are seeing new needs for sensors to do all kinds of health, fitness, environmental type measurements. So, when I have these discussions with the engineers here, they just have a long list of things that we need to make, and that always is good, because it means you can innovate and you always have a way of staying ahead of your competitors.
Aashish Rao - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Cool. Thanks for that color. Then maybe one more for Bruce, a question more on longer term trends in gross margins. Your June quarter sales guidance is probably going to set a new high. Yet you are operating at the lower half of your target gross margin range of 61% to 64%, and prior years, even at lower sales, you are above 63%, and I was thinking, maybe its mobile and computing, but that's actually a decline as a percent on mix for the last couple of years, so it should also be helping you provide an uplift. Can you just walk us through the puts and takes, is it mix, pricing, foundry, outsourcing or other factors that are pressuring gross margins?
Bruce Kiddoo: I think as we have discussed previously, the biggest factor affecting our gross margin today, is really utilization. We had our -- our utilization dipped back in the December quarter, it went from 71% to 62% utilization, the fab utilization. And as you know, [indiscernible] had an impact, both in the December quarter, and it carried over into the March quarter as well. In March, it was up a little bit, it got 64% utilization, but when we now look into the June quarter, we are actually seeing its going to be probably be up into the low to mid 70s. And so we are seeing that pick up in utilization. Again, because of kind of the way, you have to kind of count that as the product turns, we don't get the full benefit of that in this quarter. But certainly, to the extent our business continues to grow, and we are able to kind of efficiently load our factories, utilization will go up and that, by itself, should be a tailwind for gross margins. Other things that we always have to deal with of course is, like you've indicated, there is always some level of mix. Inventory reserves in consumer business, where you have kind of large kind of product ramps and declines, has been a challenge over probably the last year. But its really -- utilization is the key driver for that. Its something we are very focused on. We are starting to see those come back up, and that's a positive sign for us.
Aashish Rao - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. This is [indiscernible] calling for Craig. Thanks for taking my question. So going back to computing, like computing had been weak for the last few quarters, just kind of coming up next quarter, due to, like, weakness from the major U.S. OEMs. Could you just comment on any kind of attraction you are seeing with the mega scale data center guys?
Tun Doluca: So, when you say datacenter, you're talking about the enterprise customers, or are you asking about cloud?
Unidentified Analyst: I am talking about cloud.
Tun Doluca: Okay. So if you look at most of our current business in the computing market, a lot of it actually is coming from the Volterra acquisition, and much of the business that Volterra had before the acquisition was, more in the enterprise data center market, selling to the two or three large OEMs that you are very familiar with. So that's the reason for the weakness that we've seen. Now going forward, we've really taken that technology and have shown it to the cloud customers, and we are seeing a lot of interest from there, because we are providing great efficiency. We are providing the ability to really lower the total cost of ownership throughout the life of the cloud center or a data center, and we see a lot of interest from them. However, it does take a while for these designs to ramp, and what we have brought into the picture, compared to what Volterra was doing last year, is that we have a sales force that's a lot more effective, because we have more of them. And we also have the name and the cloud of Maxim is a large company, so they can really depend on us and rely on us. So that all is going to resolve us, in us getting more wins in cloud, either servers or cloud storage. But those revenues are not going to show up for a while, so that's pretty much no effect on the current quarter or probably even the current year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, that's helpful. Going back to the Consumer business, you're prepared to modestly touch upon the traction you're seeing in the mid-end smartphone segment, especially in China. Could you just compare [ph] the dollar content you are seeing there, versus the high end and the overall competitive environment in that space?
Tun Doluca: In that space, let me just kind of describe what we are doing, so that its easier to explain the rest of the story. So essentially what we are doing is, we have several power SoC products that we have developed for high end phones, and what we do is, offer the many, a portfolio of functions that a product like that has, and see how well that fits into mid-range, or even a higher-range phone in the China customers. And in many cases, it fits as it is, but in some cases, it doesn't, which means that we have to change the content of the product. And as soon as you start changing the content of the product, obviously if its lower, which is typically the way it goes, because there are fewer functions in a mid-range phone, the selling prices of product also falls. So it is -- but those are still good opportunities for us, especially because we don't have to spend a lot of R&D to design them, we have already basically spent the money to get all the functions, and it does make sense for us to win these. So the total dollar content for a power SoC, I'd safely say that, what you get out of a mid-range phone, because your functionality is less than what you get in a fully functional power SoC that we would sell to a large high-end phone. But being able to give you exact numbers, obviously we don't want to do it for competitive reasons. But it also depends on each customer, because they are asking for different types of products.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's helpful. Congrats once again on a good quarter. Thank you.
Tun Doluca: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial. Your question please.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group: Thank you. I have a question on the Consumer business, and given your comments on the more moderate goals this year, particularly in the June quarter, should that imply the seasonal peak for that business should be in the September quarter as it typically is? Obviously, I understand that depends upon sell-through of the phones, but just trying to understand what the expectations are at the moment?
Tun Doluca: So it is, as you know, this market was very hard to predict last year, and this year is really no different. So trying to predict, how many of these are going to be bought by consumers, this quarter and next is very difficult for us to do, and we only have one datapoint to rely on, which is what our customer tells us, that so far, we haven't seen any indication of a change in the forecast that they have provided us. So its very hard to say when the peak is going to occur for these cell phone platforms, from a revenue standpoint for Maxim.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, that's fair. With respect to lead times, could you give us some visibility as to where the customer requested lead times are, and where your lead times are standing right now, and I guess, as conditions improve, are you seeing any increase in lead times, which may encourage customers to take on some additional inventory in the future?
Tun Doluca: I think this is the first quarter we took that out of [indiscernible]. Bruce, why don't you?
Bruce Kiddoo: Well sure, and the reason we took it out, is that it has been amazingly flat for about the past year. I mean, if we look at what customers are requesting, its right about nine, nine and a half weeks, it has been right in that range. It only really moves when our mix of business changes. But if we look at sort of the lead time by each one of our, kind of major customer sets at our end markets, it has been very consistent about nine, nine and a half weeks. What we have meant to the customer, is still also pretty consistent around six weeks. We do see, where we were seeing very strong demand. You do see some of our customers, just giving us a little bit more visibility, just to be helpful, until an area is on the Industrial side or Automotive, we see some expenses of lead times there, but again, we think that's really more of just wanting to give us that visibility, and its really in very kind of select markets.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Hi thank you. Tun, you guys have done a good job in diversifying your product mix away from traditionally what used to be power SoC S processor, and now going on to, for the full phone and also on the sensor. Is there a way for us to think about the Consumer, as we think through the year, and I understand it depends on the ramps, but what will the consumer mix look like in terms of the product diversification that you guys have been working on?
Tun Doluca: Yeah okay. Let me make sure I understand the question, you're really asking about, within the consumer business, what percentage comes from Power, what comes from sensors and so on, did I get that right?
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Yeah. And I get some of these things just ramping, but I am thinking more, as we exit the year, versus what used to be traditionally, which used to be mostly power management?
Tun Doluca: I would say that, the majority is still power management. I think that we have added a significant amount of optical sensor revenue in there. But we have been kind of in that order, and then we have got audio products that are coming in, in there. And there is also a slew of building block products, that we don't need to talk about that much, but they are all there, protection chips and authentication ICs and so on. But I really don't know how its going to look like by the end of the year, because of kind of the order of the size. So tower, optical sensing, then probably audio and then other functions add to that [ph].
Bruce Kiddoo: Just in addition, Tun talked about sort of the three ways for taking a diversification in your question, and then Tun has responded around technology and function. Obviously we are [indiscernible] to diversify across platform. We have talked about sort of the mid-range phones, tablets. There is emerging market around wearables, and then finally, that diversification around customers, and again, we have talked some about China. I think overall, we feel good about how we are positioned to continue to further that diversification across the major OEMs.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets: Great. And I am a big believer of your strategy Bruce, but I just wanted to get to some, is there any way to quantify, for instance, on the customer front, you guys have been talking about China becoming a bigger mix, and the evidence is there in the teardowns and what have you. But if there is any way you could quantify, it would be very helpful. Thank you very much.
Bruce Kiddoo: Thank you.
Kathy Ta: Operator, we will take the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel. Your question please.
Evan Wang - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. This is Evan Wang calling in for Tore. I was wondering, this is just being the second quarter that you mentioned about wearables. I was wondering if you can give a sense of, what this application or this market means to you. Are you ramping at this time, are you in production, how many customers are you delivering the products to in the wearable area, and are these customers the same customers, such as smartphone customers, or do you have to penetrate new customers for this?
Tun Doluca: So let me give some color on that one. Obviously, we do have wins at our largest customer, on some of the wearable products that they have, and actually began to sell. But to us, wearable market means, that its any kind of attachment, wireless attachment to a smartphone or an independent unit that we actually carry around, either on your wrist or by attachment somewhere on your body. So we actually see different applications for wearables, some of them are really in the Consumer space, I'd say more of fitness and health and tracking of some of the body parameters, as well as providing a way to connect, more recently to your phone. So that space is really serviced by the traditional names and is going to come from companies that are already in the Mobility market. But wearables to us also means wearable type products that are used in, I would say, more medical type applications, and that's the one, I also mentioned about units that might be used for monitoring health, to try to diagnose issues, and trying to do that outside of the hospital. So we have design wins that we are going after on both sides, both on the consumer front and on, what I'd call, more of the medical front. So the customer base that we are working with, trying to win designs are on those fronts. So there is some of our traditional Mobility customers, and some of them are actually not, they are more on the medical side of the business. It is not a very well defined market yet. Everybody is going to try to find their way, and what I can tell you is that, we are working with all the big names. So I am trying to get design wins for, in some cases, specialized products for the market, and in some cases, are standard products that we can sell as well.
Evan Wang - Stifel Nicolaus: When do you expect revenue for this category to become significant?
Tun Doluca: Yeah that was the other part of your question. We do have revenue today, but its very small compared to the rest of the business, actually, do we break that out Bruce?
Bruce Kiddoo: We don't break it out. We include it within our consumer business.
Tun Doluca: Yeah, it's included. But I am kind of looking at the numbers that Bruce showed me here. Its kind of in single percent digit type of numbers, so its on the low end. Its very nascent right now. But we believe, and I believe that it is going to be a growth market. We will participate in it, namely because -- if you think about any kind of wearable device that you have, its constrained on size, because nobody wants to wear something that's bulky, which means that its constrained on the battery size, as well on the electronic sized. So it plays very well into our high integration strategy.
Kathy Ta: Thanks Evan
Evan Wang - Stifel Nicolaus: Very good. I have a follow-up question. In the past, you have given some metrics on what percentage of your products are highly integrated products, devices, versus more traditional types of devices or ICs. Can you talk a little bit about the trend that you've seen lately?
Tun Doluca: So the trend that we have seen lately -- I mean, the long range trend, we have spoken about a lot. I mean, back in 2007, it was in the single -- in the teens, in the mid-teens, and today its in the high-40s as a percentage. In the last two or three quarters, it has been hovering the high 40s, so it hasn't really kept going up, and that had something to do with the other parts of the business growing faster maybe, compared to Mobility. Mobility is still two-thirds of our high integration revenue, and the other one-third is in these other markets, Industrial, Medical, Automotive, and Communication type markets. But what we are seeing is, the same trend as I said in my prepared remarks, if customers are really asking for solutions, they make their jobs easier, number one. To make sure that they can take their system and make it either smaller or higher performance or consume less power. Everybody talks about consuming less power, and the best way to do that, is with higher integration solution. So even though today, its two-thirds mobility, one-third in all the others, I firmly believe that that percentage, we are going to see the other one-third growing, in high integration going into the future. But that's kind of the summary. High 40s, two-thirds is mobility, one-third is other markets.
Evan Wang - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you very much.
Tun Doluca: You're welcome.
Kathy Ta: Thank you. Jonathan, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from RBC Capital. 
Earl Hege - RBC Capital Markets: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. Its Earl Hege calling in for Doug. Just quickly on ASP trends, what are you guys seeing both for the overall company and perhaps within each segment, so you know, what kind of ASP content growth opportunity do you guys have going forward there? Thank you.
Tun Doluca: So I assume you're asking about ASPs for the whole company, not in a particular sector. And you know, if you look at our ASPs, its really hard for me to even measure that, in terms of that telling us something about our business. We have ASPs that range from down in the $0.10 range, all the way up to $40, $50. So when there is such a wide variation, it doesn't quite make sense to us to measure what the median is. Now having said that, we haven't read reports probably like you have about ASP declines in analog, and we are very cognizant of that. What we can say is that, because of our high enriched strategy, we have been able to make sure that we got differentiated products that we are selling to our customers, and they are not really provide by a lot of suppliers, which is when usually ASPs fall, and for that reason, we have been able to maintain the gross margin in the window that we targeted for ourselves. So in general, we don't really look at that as some indication, because there is so much variation in the ASP profile of the company. Our focus really is on making sure that we make winning products for the customer. If we do that, we know that we can get paid for all the hard work we do in R&D.
Earl Hege - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thank you; and just a quick follow-up, one of your analog competitors commented that the largest growth markets of AC are going to be Industrial and Auto, as it appears. Do you guys have visibility right now on what that kind of looks like to you?
Tun Doluca: You said, one of our competitors said the largest growth opportunity was in Industrial and Automotive?
Earl Hege - RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Tun Doluca: So we -- I mean, where is the largest growth opportunity? It really depends on, which segments of those markets that you pick. But we do, if you look at industry experts, the growth rate for analog, according to marketing companies are in the 4% to 5% range projected for the next few years overall. But if you look at the growth rate projected for industrial, and for the segment of Automotive that we are really investing in, they are pretty much double that rate. So I would say that, that's a pretty high growth rate. The highest growth rate that's projected in all the analog market, still continues to be in mobility, and that's a much higher number than these numbers. So as long as we go and find, the markets, there are subsegments that are growing. I think we will do well as a company, and in industrial and automotive, that's what we have been able to do, and that's why we really demonstrated very large growth rates year-over-year in the March quarter.
Kathy Ta: Thanks Doug. So Jonathan, I think that was our last question?
Operator: Certainly. I now hand the program back to you.
Kathy Ta: Okay. So this concludes Maxim Integrated's conference call. We would like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Kathryn Ta Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tunc Doluca - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Christopher Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Amanda Scarnati Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Evan Wang - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Shaon Baqui - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Second Quarter of Fiscal 2014 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Kathy Ta, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Kathy.
Kathryn Ta: Well, thank you, Jonathan, and welcome, everyone, to Maxim Integrated's fiscal second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. Before we get into today's earnings announcements, I would like to invite everyone on the call to please save the date of Wednesday, May 21, 2014, for Maxim Integrated's Investor Day to be held in Boston. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear on our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Kathy. It's great to have you on the Maxim team. I will review Maxim's second quarter financial results, which includes the results for Volterra. Revenue for the second quarter was $620 million, up 6% from the first quarter. The growth was due to the addition of Volterra, as our organic business was flat in line with our guidance. Our revenue mix by major market in Q2 was approximately 39% for Consumer; 28%, Industrial; 16%, Communications; and 17%, Computing. Our Consumer business declined due to the typical year-end inventory correction at our largest customer and weakness in home entertainment, offset by strength in tablets and e-readers. Our Industrial business was flat as continued growth in Automotive, up for the fourth consecutive quarter was offset by a seasonal decline in our core Industrial business. Our Communication business was up with strength in networking and Datacom and the addition of Volterra. Finally, our Computing business was up due to the Volterra acquisition. Maxim's gross margin, excluding special items and warranty expense, was 61.1%, up slightly from 60.7% in the prior quarter, due to lower inventory reserves in Q2. We had $18 million in warranty expense in Q2, which had a 3-point impact on gross margin. This was primarily driven by a legacy design issue with a major customer. We have implemented corrective actions to prevent this issue from recurring. Historically, warranty expense has averaged around $250,000 per quarter over the last 4 years. Special items in Q2 gross margin were intangible asset amortization and inventory write-up from acquisitions, increasing from the prior quarter due to Volterra. Operating expenses, excluding special items, were $226 million, up from $207 million in the prior quarter, due to Volterra and the impact of our annual merit increase and equity grants. Operating expenses were lower than expected as we continue to tightly control spending. I am pleased that we are ahead of schedule in achieving our $15 million target in annual operating synergies from Volterra and expect to achieve this target in Q3. Special items in Q2 operating expenses included acquisition-related and restructuring charges, again, the increase from the prior quarter primarily due to Volterra. Q2 GAAP operating income, excluding special items and warranty expense, was $152 million or 25% of revenue. Including warranty expense, operating income was $134 million or 22% of revenue. The Q2 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 20.3%, up from 17.3% in the prior quarter, primarily due to Volterra. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items and warranty expense, was $0.41, flat with the prior period. Including warranty expense, earnings per share was $0.36. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, cash flow from operations was $234 million or 38% of revenue, up from the prior quarter due to repayment of our annual -- due to the payment of our annual employee bonus in the prior quarter. Inventory was 110 days, excluding special items, warranty expense and the Volterra inventory write-up to fair value, flat with the prior quarter. Inventory was 104 days excluding special items but including the favorable impact of the warranty expense and the Volterra inventory write-up. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalog distributors, decreased slightly from 52 to 51 days as channel inventory in dollar terms increased, but was more than offset by an increase in resales. Net capital additions totaled $37 million in Q2, down slightly from the prior quarter and at the midpoint of our target of 5% to 7% of revenue. The net payment for Volterra was $454 million, and the net proceeds of our bond offering was $494 million. We issued 5-year bonds with a coupon rate of 2.5%. Share repurchases totaled $59 million in Q2 as we bought back 2 million shares. We also paid $73 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall, total return on capital for calendar year 2013 was 127% of free cash flow, in part due to higher share repurchases. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $115 million in the second quarter to $1.15 billion. Moving on to guidance. Our beginning Q3 backlog declined to $366 million. It is typical for our beginning backlog to decline in Q3 as our largest customer annually reduces inventory and bookings in Q2. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q3 revenue of $590 million to $620 million. Q3 gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated at 60% to 62%. Q3 gross margin will be impacted by the lower utilizations in Q2 which impact gross margin on a quarter leg, offset by expected favorable mix and lower inventory reserves in Q3. Special items in Q3 gross margin are estimated at $23 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This includes $5 million of inventory write-up related to the acquisition of Volterra, which is fully amortized in Q3 and does not repeat in Q4 or later quarters. Q3 operating expenses, excluding special items, are expected to be down approximately 2% due to continued tight spending controls. For Volterra, we expect to achieve our annual synergy target of $15 million in Q3 ahead of schedule. Special items in Q3 operating expenses are estimated at $5 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Our Q3 cap rate, excluding special items, is estimated to be within our long-term range of 16% to 20%. For Q3 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.37 to $0.41. Net capital expenditures in Q3 are expected to be down slightly from Q2 as we continue to lower our CapEx as a percent of revenue. We expect share repurchases in Q3 to be consistent with the prior quarter, adjusted for market conditions as appropriate. And finally, our Board of Directors has approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.26 per share, approximately a 3.6% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I will now turn the call over to Tun to further discuss our business.
Tunc Doluca: All right. Thank you, Bruce, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. We appreciate your interest in Maxim Integrated, and thank you for joining us today. Every year, I spend time visiting our global offices, discussing our company direction and strategy with employees and soliciting their inputs. Today, I happened to be joining you from Munich. Bruce and Kathy are at our headquarters in San Jose. As 2014 gets underway, we are seeing growing design win momentum in our Consumer and Automotive businesses. These markets were certainly showcased at the recent CES show in Las Vegas where highly integrated, small form factor and low power solutions appeared in mobile devices, wearables and new automotive applications. In addition to our momentum in these areas, I'm very pleased with our progress in integrating Volterra Semiconductor. As Bruce mentioned, we are ahead of our schedule in achieving operational and financial synergies. Volterra's employees have already moved into our San Jose headquarters, and as our engineers begin to work together, we're seeing many ways in which Volterra's high current power management technology and expertise is enabling Maxim to enjoy significant time-to-market advantage in enterprise and communications applications. Let me now discuss the results for the December quarter. We achieved good revenue performance in our December quarter despite a soft industry environment. We exercise good spending discipline, and I would like to thank our team here at Maxim for good execution in the quarter. So let me update you on lead times and bookings. Our delivery lead times increased slightly but still remained at our 4-week model. Customer order lead times were flat from the prior quarter. Bookings decreased during the December quarter due to an inventory correction in the consumer market as expected. So I will next provide some color on our major markets. Let me start with Consumer as customary. We expect our March quarter consumer end market revenue to be down significantly with March being a seasonally soft quarter for Mobility products outside of our largest customer. We expect this seasonality to be partially offset by the beginning of a new platform brand at our largest customer. Current indications are that our content will increase in the new platform. We are diversifying our exposure within the Mobility market in several ways. First, we're growing our revenue and content in the midrange smartphone market with significant growth in China. Our success here has been driven by the technology, design IT and systems expertise that we developed for high-end smartphones that has now become a requirement in midrange phones as their feature set becomes richer. Second, we continue to expand our technology offerings for mobile devices. Our portfolio of mobility products includes power management, optical sensor, MEMS, audio amplifier and touch products. We assume momentum in the technology roadmap in the audio amplifier space and in the quarter, received our first order for our next-generation audio amplifiers at a major customer. We continue to develop sensors for new applications. Our high integration interface power system-on-a-chip remains best-in-class and a customized version of this product continue to be designed in at multiple customers. Third, we are expanding beyond smartphones with games in tablets and e-readers with a significant portion of this business diversified beyond our leading customer. And finally, wearable devices such as smartwatches are a logical next step in the mobility roadmap, which plays to our strengths in highly integrated small form factor and low power solutions. Let me next turn to the Industrial market. Our differentiated strategy in Industrial where we generate roughly half our business from targeted vertical ASSP markets continues to serve us well. We predict March quarter industrial revenue to be up strongly, driven by growth in Automotive, favorable seasonality in our core Industrial business and strength in medical applications. In Automotive, we see broad-based ramps in infotainment and LED lighting applications. Year-over-year, we have grown the number of automotive design wins in our pipeline and have seen the majority of our growth coming from new products. Our highly integrated medical products, which address ultrasound, blood oximeter and blood glucose measurements, are gaining traction. We're excited about the growing need for portable, low power, and biomedical monitoring devices in medical markets. Let me now provide some commentary on our Distribution business. Days of inventory was 51 days at the end of the December quarter versus 52 days at the end of the September quarter. These low levels of inventory appear to be the new normal in our industry, and we see strong end market bookings in our distribution channels. I would like to note that distribution resales and end market bookings placed on our distributors were both up 5%, sequentially, in the December quarter. Now, let me discuss Communications. We project Communications revenue to increase in the March quarter. We're seeing an uptick in our fiber optics and base station businesses related to the 4G LTE infrastructure rollout in China. We also see growth in our small cell business driven by market traction of consumer femtocells. Overall, we're focused on executing our strategy of delivering highly integrated solutions to the communications market, enabling broader coverage, increased capacity and lower cost of ownership to deploy the networks of the future. In the Computing market, revenues are expected to be down significantly in the March quarter due to an expected decline in the notebook business and some softness from U.S. OEM companies selling servers in China. With Volterra, we're seeing the high density, efficient power management solutions are increasingly critical in servers, storage and a broad range of applications. And we're excited about the potential of this technology roadmap. To summarize our view for the March quarter, we expect revenue from the Industrial market to increase, led by automotive applications and seasonally higher core industrial sales. We expect Consumer to be down with seasonal softness, partially offset by our shipments for a new generation smartphone from our leading customer. Communications is expected to grow from fiber optic infrastructure buildout and base station deployment, and Computing is expected to be down over the period. In closing, we remain well positioned for growth across a broad range of markets. Our business model remains very attractive and our strong profitability allows us to return a significant portion of our free cash flow to shareholders. We will continue to focus on delivering winning products and technologies that provide highly differentiated solutions to our customers. Kathy, I'll now turn the call back to you.
Kathryn Ta: Thanks, Tun. That concludes our prepared remarks and we would now welcome your questions. [Operator Instructions] Jonathan, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of been Blayne Curtis, Barclays.
Christopher Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Chris Hemmelgarn on for Blayne. First off, could you guys talk a little bit about how Volterra did in the quarter? Last quarter, you disclosed the revenues. Any color on what contribution they had this quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. This is Bruce. I'll take that question. So we highlighted in the press release that our revenue was at $35 million which was, in essence, flat with the prior quarter. As expected, we saw the server business up a little bit and offset by the expected decline in the notebook business. We feel good about the integration. As I indicated, we're ahead of schedule on achieving our $15 million in synergies. We expect to achieve that this quarter, in the March quarter, which is a quarter ahead of our original plan. And as Tun indicated, from a business and technology point of view, we've moved the team into our headquarters here and they're already starting to work with the different product lines and kind of distributing that Volterra technology across the company. So I think from a finance point of view, operational point of view and technology point of view, we feel good about Volterra and believe it's on track.
Christopher Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Very helpful, thanks. Just a quick follow-up then. So you talked a bit about diversifying away from purely handsets. What percentage of revenue were smartphones during the quarter, and I guess, could you talk about the trajectory of how tablets and e-readers become a little more -- or a greater share of your overall revenue?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I'll handle the first one and I'll let Tun talk about the second one. So cell phones were about 30% of revenue in the quarter. When we add in the handheld devices, we're probably at about 35% of revenue for the quarter, which is down from when we were in the kind of the high 30s to 40% range as we have continued to, a, this is a light quarter for our largest customer and we've had the continued growth in Industrial. But Tun, maybe you can give some more color there.
Tunc Doluca: So, I think your question was really what's our projection for tablets as we try to grow other product areas than smartphones on our revenue base. So we've been participating within the top mobile ecosystem players in both tablets and e-readers. In particular, we've won sockets in power management, overvoltage protection, fuel gauges and audio amplifiers in these applications. And we really see a great momentum in the technology roadmap in the audio amplifiers space. And the quarter received, actually, our first orders for next-generation audio amplifiers at a major customer. So we're -- I'm quite pleased with the fact that we're growing our revenue coming from tablets and e-readers, which we consider pretty similar in terms of the way they're built. And we really look forward to growing this revenue even further in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, just to characterize the weakness at your largest customer, if you could just talk -- give a little of granularity on how much of that is just end market related, in other words, the sell-through of the product versus them still having too much inventory in certain SKUs. And I know some of that is circular, but if you could give us some color there.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Jim. So I think in the -- when you say the weakness, so I think it was the December quarter. We saw the expected inventory correction. I think it was a little bit more than we thought. I think we thought Samsung was going to -- and I think we gave guidance that Samsung was going to be flat for the quarter. And they did end up being down slightly. And again, I think that was on some of the newer products where I think they were managing their inventory a little bit more than we thought. When we look at the March quarter, I think, as Tun stated, in the current indication, that our unit content will go up kind of on the new platform versus the S4. Of course, we can't give any more detail until that phone is announced. But I do think it's also reasonable, I mean, again, indications are, that, that ramp will probably be late in the quarter. And that it may be even more major than last year as they kind of learned from experience. So I think our view is, I wouldn't characterize our -- that business as a weakness. I think it's doing very well. We feel good about how we're positioned, how we're growing both in the high end and in kind of their midrange phones and in their tablets. So I think we feel good about that business going into calendar year '14.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. If I could ask my follow-up on that point. Obviously, the market's been very concerned with your content coming down in some flagship phones. And obviously, this is a good indication that the content's actually going up in some of the important SKUs. Can you give any more granularity about which specific products you're seeing the content increase in?
Tunc Doluca: Actually, no. Until the product's really announced by our end customers, it's really something that they'd like us not to comment on specifically. So we're not going to be able to give any color on what it is until they do announce the product. And then obviously, the teardown will tell everybody what's in there and what our content of revenue's coming from. So, sorry, but until then, we can't really talk about exactly what functions we have inside the phone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tun, I guess, my first question, I know there's a lot of variables that go into this. But given where you're starting out the year in consumer/smartphones and kind of the trajectory you see throughout the year, do you think this is a year, '14, where you can get back to a resumption of growth for the full calendar year in consumer/smartphones?
Tunc Doluca: So we actually feel good that adding new customers' content and platforms will contribute to our growth in calendar year '14 from calendar year '13. We've got -- we're competing in new sensors and opportunities that the market hasn't yet seen. Having said that though, although I'm feeling positive about this calendar year, we can only provide guidance 1 quarter at a time. But the progress I'm seeing that we're making in our business units is very promising and we continue to expand our technology offerings and target market opportunities. In technologies, we are getting wins and obviously, in powers, continue to do so. But new wins in optical sensors, new wins in audio, as I mentioned, and although small, we are seeing some growth in our touch products. And we have, as I indicated previously on the tablet question, seen good growth in that area as well. So, we're -- all the right things are happening. But in terms of guidance, it's really not appropriate right now to tell us -- tell you exactly what '14 versus '13 is going to look like. But the indications are positive.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Thanks. And Tun, I guess, as my follow-up, I want to talk a little bit about the communications end market. There's been a decent recovery over the last couple of quarters, but you're still well below kind of the peak quarterly run rates we saw at the end of 2010. I'm just kind of curious, there's been some read across about LTE China buildout finally starting to happen. How do you feel about the trajectory of the comms business from here, and I guess, what needs to happen to see that quarterly revenue run rate get back to sort of that high 120s to maybe even 140 level?
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think that when you look at the explosive growth periods that -- when we look at that data, what we see is that much of that happened during the bounce back after the financial crisis or the Great Recession, whichever one you want to call it. We are participating in the 4G LTE rollout in China, basically through the optical and backhaul segments. And we've seen limited deployment so far of our outdoor LTE small cells, that was going to be another growth area that we were investing in. But we believe that service providers and carriers are in, really, their early stages of testing small cell deployments. So these are still early days and I know we've been saying that for a while, but that's the fact. And on the other hand, we do expect femtocell shipments to continue to grow, and Maxim has a leading market share here due to our ability to deliver the highest integration, lowest cost and high performance integrated CDMA or 3G femtocell transceivers. But in essence, those explosive growth rates that we saw were in a period where the whole market was really growing very rapidly after almost 1.5 years or 2 years of little to no investment by the service providers. So I think we're well positioned and sometimes, the question also is asked about base stations. But base stations are too small of a percentage of our revenue, so they don't really have a huge effect on Maxim overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi.
Amanda Scarnati: This is Amanda Scarnati for Terence Whalen. I just have a question on gross margin. What are the considerations that we should look for, for Volterra in the future for gross margin and are there any changes for the long-term model at this point?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. So Volterra free acquisition was about 58%, I think, in their last quarter. And as you know, we don't break out gross margins by our various end markets. And so, kind of going forward, we won't be doing that for Volterra either. What we -- I think it is fair to say that this is a -- there's a product mix changing right where the notebook business is going to go down and that should be supplemented by the server and in longer-term, by the Communication business. And so, I think, long term, our expectations are that, that gross margin will increase over time and be kind of right in the range of the corporate average of 61% to 64%.
Amanda Scarnati: Great. And then also on Volterra, are there any new market share projections for this server business given the upcoming Intel platform changes?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. Actually, we're -- as Bruce said, we're -- we kind of don't want to break out exactly what our product line shares are. So it will be reported in the future as part of our mostly Computing, and we are investing so that we can also grow the communication sector. But the design win momentum has been good and there's new processor models that are ramping in the near future, it actually have started already. So the content is good for the Volterra products. But just cautioning you for the future, we really aren't going to break out our market share in the server market particularly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Securities.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: It looks like Computing is the biggest drag on revenue share in the March quarter, the other businesses are up or at least better than seasonal. Can you quantify -- I'm assuming this is tied to Volterra's notebook business. Could you just quantify for us how big that business is and what sort of headwind it might be for revenues in calendar '14?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. I think it is partly due to the Volterra notebook business, Romit. And I think in the past, right, that's been about a 20% or so of the business and it's declining over time, certainly. The other thing is we do have some legacy Computing business that -- and we have some kind of old TV monitor kind of business that is also slowly declining. And that's been declining over time, and we actually just -- in the March quarter, there's a step function where a couple of those old designs are going end-of-life. And so that's probably equally contributing to that decline in the Compute business in the third quarter.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So Bruce, if you just add the Volterra piece and some of this TV revenue together, what is it as a percentage of sales?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So as we reported, for this quarter, Computing was at 17%, including the Volterra piece. So in the past, I think, last quarter it was around 12%, Romit. So you can see that's increased it by about 5 points.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So is it fair to say then that somewhere between 5% to 10% of revenues will decay or go to 0 over time?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: No, I think that's too high of a number. We can talk offline, but I think if you look at the -- kind of the Volterra number, right, if you look at 20% of $35 million, right, that sum number, $7 million, that will slowly decline and I think our experience is that, that decline is slower than people think. There are these products, the product lines that sort of linger on. So I think that market, that amount will slowly decline, but I think that's less than the percentages you said.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel.
Evan Wang - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: This is Evan Wang calling for Tore. I like to first ask about your Automotive business. It sounded like it's a big growth portion of your industrial. I'm wondering if you can give us some more color. Help us to understand your business here, including what percentage of revenue and where your products are being used.
Tunc Doluca: So on the Automotive side, I'll take that in reverse order. We don't currently break out what percentage of our revenue is in Automotive. But we have grown significantly over the past 6 or 7 years. I think that we said that it was about 1% or so maybe 7 years ago. And today, it's approaching the high single-digits type numbers. So obviously, that's been a great growth story for the company. But the types of products that we sell, which was the other question that you asked, really is in -- it's pretty broad, but it's mostly focused on automotive infotainment, products like for radio and TV tuner products on the RF side, as well as other products for power management, infotainment applications. We also have distribution of video content, which are serializer-deserializer product line that's been very successful especially in high-end cars. Obviously -- and good traction we're seeing now in our Keyless Go products. These are for RF Keyless Go products, both on the key side and also on the car itself. And we also see revenue coming in from other applications for battery charging and monitoring ICs in the future. So these are basically our invest areas in the company. In terms of infotainment, we also have very rugged, well-protected USB interface products that most of the cars now are beginning to have because of all of us want to plug in our smartphones or our music players in there. So it's pretty broad-based, but it's -- I think the future really looks good because the product lives are long. And each, since we're beginning -- since we began more recently basically, because of that, every new design-in is adding up on top of old revenues, which are still in their -- in the stages where they're continuing and not falling off yet. So I see this opportunity as a great opportunity for the company to grow its revenues in the future as well.
Evan Wang - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I also like to ask about your diversification effort in your Mobility business, and you named 2 potential drivers for that. One is the, I guess, diversifying your customer base into others. The other is just giving to more different types of products like tablets and -- which do you think will be a more important driver for you in this year or in the quarters to come?
Tunc Doluca: Actually, there was a third one that you missed. And the third one was to diversify the types of products that we sell, meaning technologies that we sell. And I think from my point of view, all of these are going to have a contribution. So it's really difficult for me to quantify which one will, but all 3 will help us this year in our diversification. As I outlined in my prepared comments, we are getting new customers and that's helping us diversify. We have been selling into products other than smartphones, namely tablets and e-readers and so on. And those are -- many of those design wins are outside of our major customer. And finally, we're getting traction with our other products. Our optical sensor products, our audio products have been very successful. So it's really tough for me to name which of those 3 areas are going to be the biggest contributors. So I'm going to say all 3 are going to be contributors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Same sort of question in the consumer side, for either Turc or Bruce. I believe in the past you said you expected consumer to grow this calendar year or it might have been just your Mobility business so, I guess, the first thing, if you could clarify on that point. And then if you could just help us walk through a general sense how that would work because it does seem like you'd have to have some pretty massive sequentials built in later this year, if it is in fact for the consumer segment as a whole that you expect to grow.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Ross, this is Bruce. I'll take the first half of this. But the statement that we made before was that, and this was back in either June or September, around we did expect Mobility to return to growth and certainly, that view was more on a sequential basis versus the year-over-year. I don't think we ever tried to -- we're not -- our crystal ball isn't that good to be able to forecast out in time, but I think we were confident that what we saw in the summer was more of an inventory correction and that are positioning now based on all the things that Tun has talked about from a design win point of view in different customers, different technologies, different platforms, market segment. Allow us to have that confidence. And so I think from that point of view, that's where we make that. I think, like you said, whether it's a year-over-year depending on we really had a strong March last year, which everybody is aware, was an over shipment and then some corrections. So I think we feel good about the business. I think we do feel like we're going to return to growth. But I don't know if it's going to be -- exactly come out from a year-over-year. As Tun said, we feel good going into the year and it's up for us to execute now.
Tunc Doluca: So Ross, let me just add some more color to that. Bruce is absolutely right. Obviously, we printed some pretty strong quarters last year, last calendar year, but we also had some weak quarters as well in that same calendar year period. So if you -- if we look at how we see calendar year '14 developing, if you average the weaks and the strongs last year, we should be able to get back to growth in this market.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. Thanks for the clarification on this. That's very helpful. Then my second question is moving over to the OpEx side. Bruce, you said you're 1 quarter ahead of plan on the integration and the synergies with Volterra. Is the way we're supposed to take that, the down 2% on OpEx that you have, I think that gets you somewhere in the low 220s on a dollar basis. Is that the new base from which you'd go up or down linked to revenue like Maxim traditionally does or is there any other steps left in the integration that we should build into OpEx?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Now I think like you said, that low 220s is where that comes in. That's a good number and I think we're going to continue to look for synergies within Volterra and within our own product lines from that point of view. So we continue to manage that. But I think it's fair to say on a material point of view, this is a good base line in which we're going to try to manage OpEx vis--vis revenue growth. And so I think we feel good. In a quarter that's seasonally down, we are able to reduce OpEx in line with that seasonally down quarter. But certainly, we'll continue to manage it and as we get into the quarters where generally we have stronger growth, we'll manage OpEx to grow slower than that revenue growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Tun, on the wireless side, as the high end of the market potentially slows or at least decelerates, do you think the mid-end piece could become a bigger piece of your overall business as you go forward? And can you talk about just kind of a dollar content differential between those segments?
Tunc Doluca: Sure. I assume by wireless, you're not -- you didn't mean communications. You meant smartphones, correct?
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, that's right.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So on the smartphone side, essentially what we're seeing is that we can take the great technology that we've developed for high-end smartphones and take those products and really adjust them for the requirements of the midrange market and sell them. And in terms of the content, obviously, in a midrange phone, there is less content in analog and mixed signal than in a high-end smartphone. However, interestingly enough, what we're seeing is that many of these features that were not found in midrange phones are beginning to migrate to them in terms of what end users are asking. And that's giving us great opportunities to be able to win those types of design. But the dollar content is less because some of the functions simply don't exist. So it's -- it doesn't -- it's not there. But the functionality that we provide, especially in our high-integration products and some of our other products that we sell, is required in those. From a profitability standpoint, actually, they're not much different from a margin profile standpoint. So we've been able to take these blocks and in some cases, really put the right feature sets in them to be able to win designs in the midrange. And these opportunities are actually coming to us, not only it's our major customers today, but obviously, they're also coming in a lot of the Chinese customers. And we look -- it looks really positive in terms of getting these wins and adding revenue and diversifying our revenue base into the midrange.
Craig Hettenbach - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. On the commentary about strength of bookings orders, can you provide any more context to that in terms of how things ended the quarter and then the start of this quarter and any differences by some of the geographies?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I'll take that. So I think in the December quarter, as traditional bookings slowed down, and so that's normal for us, right, and we usually enter the quarter with a low backlog and then going into that. And then as we get into the quarter, we start to see strength in bookings as kind of the new platform of our customers starts to pick up. So I think, overall, I think bookings are coming in as expected and certainly support the guidance that we've provided. I think from an end market point of view, we normally talk about that. Our only view into that is really through distribution. And there, we actually saw both end market bookings and resales up 5% sequentially. And if we kind of break that down, we saw good end market bookings and resales in Asia. Primarily, we're selling into consumer products [Audio Gap] design wins from a mobility point of view, both in China and Taiwan. And so we saw good bookings and turns for seasonal resales. I think in the Industrial side, we saw resales down in the U.S. and Europe in kind of a seasonally low period, but we saw good end market bookings in the U.S. and Europe, which should lead to the seasonally up resales in the March quarter. So fundamentally, Consumer, good end market bookings, turns, resales in December; Industrial, in Europe and U.S., low -- good end market bookings supporting resales in the March -- expected resales increase in March.
Kathryn Ta: Jonathan, just in the interest of getting to everyone in the queue, we have about 15 minutes left, so I'd like to limit everyone to just one question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely from JPMorgan.
Shaon Baqui - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is actually Shaon Baqui calling on behalf of Chris. Now that you're in the progress of integrating Volterra, can you rank order your end markets in terms of growth going forward?
Tunc Doluca: I think that rank order, that's something that I don't really have in front of me. I think the best way to answer that question is maybe for you to join our Investor Day in May, and we'll be able to give a much more detailed view of how we see going forward. But I think in general, the growth areas that we see for the company, obviously, we have been talking a lot about Automotive. I think that continues to be a great growth area, not only because the content's going up, but because we're coming from a lower base. So I think that's going to continue to grow. And I've visited some of our Automotive customers while in Europe and I see -- really see good design win momentum at these major customers here. So that's one area that is very positive. We're doing the right things in the Mobility space. So I believe that, that's going to be another good growth area. Industrial has been doing well because of our ASSP strategy. So if you ask me to pick our most favored child, it'll be tough for me to do, but it's really all of these are doing really good momentum. But we'll give a lot more detail of all that in May. So please join us then.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from Bank of Montral.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just on the diversification theme. On the handset side, you talked about gains in the middle tier. Can you share with us any data which points to the fact that you are actually making progress, whether it's your mix of that segment on a year-over-year basis. And then longer term, what's the right way to think about Maxim's end market mix? And then -- not this year, I'm talking 2 to 3 years out.
Tunc Doluca: So let me take that in reverse order. In terms of our end market mix, we really don't put that down as an absolute goal. We want all of our organizations to be aggressive and win business and grow the company going forward. So I won't be able to give you color about what our mix is going to be in 3 years. In terms of how -- evidence that we're doing well in our diversification, I believe that you're going to see this more going into the next year, but we're definitely growing in our Chinese customer base, for example, and they're almost doubling every year for the -- in the last couple of years and projections for this year, albeit it's from a lower base. So it's not comparable to Samsung, but we've definitely seen that. And we're also seeing good revenue growth and design wins that you've actually already seen in tear-downs at the other Tier 1 supplier. So definitely, I mean these are things that show that we are succeeding in terms of being able to win at other customers other than our largest one. And as I said, we're doing the right things and we're seeing the evidence that it really is happening.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just a question with regard to the Consumer business and the outlook for the March quarter. Last year, during the transition between some legacy products and some of the new products, you saw some headwind as those legacy products declined. Should we assume that with the inventory adjustments that happened in the December quarter that, that's fairly behind us? We wouldn't expect that to happen this year. And perhaps you could just give a little more color about the items within the Consumer part of your revenue that are seeing the headwind as you go into the March quarter?
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So in terms of the inventory corrections you referred to last year, which was corrections in S III in 1 quarter followed by corrections in S4 in the next quarter. In terms of our conservatism, we're really looking at what our customer's telling us in terms of what's required. And I think the demands from us have really been moderated. So I don't -- we're not expecting a repeat of what happened last year. Now having said that, we really don't know what the uptake of the new products or the new platform we talked to you about that's beginning builds by the end of this quarter. But it's -- the picture -- the forecast picture looks different than -- definitely different than what it was in 2013. So I think that we have a model that's more modest right now. And that's the way that we're building our manufacturing model. So what was -- you had another question in there that I would like to answer, too.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: The components within the Consumer business that are declining in the March quarter.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So in the March quarter, essentially, the components are most of the other segments other than this new platform that is going to be ramping, we expect towards the end of this quarter. So if you look at it, it's pretty much all of them coming out of the holiday seasonality. They're mostly all declining. And the one that we're looking forward to beginning to go up is the new platform launch by our largest customer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aashish Rao from Bank of America.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I want to take another stab at Ambrish's question earlier. So as you look ahead over the course of 2014, I mean, do you expect more revenue contribution from the flagship models you're traditionally associated with? Or could you be seeing more growth from midrange phones where volumes are higher and make up for lower dollar content?
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So the calendar year over calendar year, I think when we look at our future, I think that we are projecting, and it's really difficult to give a lot of accuracy in this thing because there's many variables that go into it. We don't really know the market uptake of the models that these customers make and so on. And -- but our expectation is that we are going to see revenue growth because of the plan that we put in place last year at customers other than our #1 customer for sure. So if you kind of look at that statement, it tells you that the growth coming from those is going to be more than the growth that we are planning for in the flagship models from our Tier 1 -- our #1 customer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike McConnell from Pacific Crest Securities.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Tunc, I was a little bit surprised, I guess, during your commentary just not a lot of discussion about SensorDynamics. And on the sensor side of that push, you seem to be a little bit more bullish on the audio amps, but I wanted to see if that's correc,t, one, and how SensorDynamics is doing. What the landscape looked like competitively for you this year and at what point will you look at maybe possible integration of sensors into the interface SoC?
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So yes, I didn't have much comments in there, so thank you for the question. It gives me a chance to give you an update. So certainly, the audio revenue has grown more rapidly than, obviously, the motion sensor side. But just to give you a color about where we're at, we have successfully brought up the MEMS technology internally, which was a big challenge, and our team did a good job of improving the yields and being able to show that we can make these repeatably. We did develop our first 3-degree of freedom products last year. And we introduced them almost about a year ago and those are shipping in low volume to a customer. And we're really well on our way on our 6-degree of freedom product, which is the one that is really required for most of the Mobility markets. We've kind of turned down our expectations relative to what I was saying a year ago. The main reasons are, we focused our development on our product providing a much better accuracy and stability on our parts and this was recognized by our customers. Actually, they did comment that we had the best product in terms of stability of the part itself. However, we didn't -- we're not able to beat our customers on every single spec. So that was kind of a -- put the brakes on the customer's switching to a new supplier. So in that situation, the incumbent is obviously more advantaged if you don't provide advantage in pretty much all of the specs. So having that input from the field, we actually have gone and made adjustments to our products and we will come back and show these new products to our customers again very shortly. And after that, we'll see where it goes. But I do know that we've achieved quite a bit in a short time. But in terms of revenue contributions, what I said last year of getting appreciable revenue contribution this year is not going to happen. It looks like there might be some towards the end of the year, but it certainly has been delayed because we were not able to achieve all of the specs that our customers wanted.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Bruce, you mentioned you're ahead of schedule on the expense synergies on Volterra. Can you review to the extent you believe that there's an opportunity for top line synergies in Volterra? And how does that mechanism happen? Is it just merely a matter of putting Volterra parts in the hands of a larger sales force or is there opportunity to leverage technology integration between Volterra and the organic Maxim products? And if you have a product, the new set of products in the sales force's hands last quarter, how long does that take to translate into production revenues?
Tunc Doluca: So let me take that one. So when we did -- when we announced the acquisition, we had mentioned and we were pretty transparent that the Volterra revenues would really not grow for a couple of years, and it would take us a while for the synergies in terms of our being able to sell the products more effectively. It would take a while just because of the question you asked, if you do get design wins this year in these types of markets, servers and communications markets and enterprise and so on, it does take 2 or 3 years for that revenue to be able to ramp up. So we knew that going in. However, the Volterra product line was really undersold around the world because of their limited resources. And we certainly do have a sales force in every continent where there can be design wins now. And that's going to be a contributor to get more design wins, number one. Number two, because Volterra was a small company, they were pretty much blocked out of some of the customers because, too risky, because they are a small company. And we pretty much opened the door at many of the major communications companies, whether it be datacom or whether it be wireless infrastructure-type companies. So certainly, from a design win standpoint, that's going to help. But I have to say that it does -- in these markets, it takes a while. It's not quite like the Mobility market, where you can affect revenues next year. But we look at the product line and we talked to these customers, and they really do like the technology that Maxim has been able to add with the acquisition. So we have to be patient. But this is the type of the market we're in. Once we win those designs, they will pay dividends for a long time. So it's the type of business that we do like, but it will take a while.
Kathryn Ta: Jonathan, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Tunc, you talked a little bit about an increase in magnitude of dollar content on your platform with your major customer. Can you give some sense of how large that is. Is it single-digit percent increase, larger or maybe double-digit increase? And then just in terms of -- I know you can't talk about specifically what parts you have on there, but can you talk about if there's been any change on the next-generation phone relative to what you've had in the past?
Tunc Doluca: It's too bad this is the last question where we actually can't answer the question. Yes, as I said, the current indications are that our content will increase in this new platform. But until the products really come out into the market, we can't talk about the functions. And even when the products do come out, we don't talk about selling prices or dollar content in general because that gives away competitive information, and we're not going to be able to do that even then. But we're going to be very happy to talk about what those functions are once the tear-downs are out, and why we won them and why we have opportunities, even more opportunities going forward in these smartphones. So, sorry, but I won't be able to give you the information that you're seeking.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Is it all right to sneak one more or are we done?
Tunc Doluca: Well since I didn't answer that one, yes, you can sneak one in.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Just in terms of your overall discussions around being more fully integrated company than some of your competitors out there, can you talk about -- internally you guys have talked about the fact that you need to have better functional blocks relative to everybody else in order to do that integration. I mean, certainly, if I go to your competitors, they're going to argue they have the best functional blocks. So how do you go about making sure you do have the better, best functional blocks in each area and what gives you confidence that you actually do have the leadership there?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. I mean, we certainly do. The analog field clearly has many respectable companies that are good at some of these blocks that are required in these high integration products. I think that the thing that's really unique about Maxim is that we certainly do have great engineers that have developed very competitive and very innovative functional blocks for the parts. But when we talk about integration and putting these larger chips together, you do need more than just some functional blocks. First of all, you need a pretty broad IP portfolio. And when we look at many of our customers, you don't see the breadth that Maxim has got. What I mean by that is you need to be able to do all kinds of products, power supplies and audio products. You need to be able to do data converters and signal conditioning chips. You need to be able to integrate embedded microcontrollers. So when you make a table and say all of these are required and we've done this, you can see where many of the competitors fall out because they don't have this function or that function. So that's number one, breadth of IP. The second one is that you really need engineering trains to be able to put these complex chips together and that requires many years of changing the way you design these chips. It requires very advanced design -- electronic design automation tools. So we've invested in all that to make our designs go faster than our competitors. And we -- our customers tell us that in terms of our agility and in terms of being able to put these chips, high-performance chips together, we're doing very well compared to the rest of the industry. And finally, you do need very good understanding of the markets to do this very effectively. That means that you need to be thinking not along the lines of technologies, but along the lines of the markets that you're trying to serve. And that really requires you to be organized in a way that you're looking at a market rather than looking at the technology. And those are other -- that's another change that we have successfully gone through in the past 5 years. So if you combine all of those, you can see that the number of competitors that can do all of that is pretty limited. I'm not saying it's none. Of course, there are very capable competitors. But when you make -- when we make our tables, we can see that we're uniquely positioned to take advantage of this customer demand for higher integration solutions for the equipment they're making.
Kathryn Ta: Thank you for that last question, Steve. So this concludes Maxim Integrated's conference call. We would like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-10-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Venk Nathamuni - Managing Director of Investor Relations Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tunc Doluca - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products reports results for the first quarter fiscal 2014 conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Venk Nathamuni, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Maxim Integrated's Fiscal First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunc Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty, and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Venk. I will review Maxim's first quarter financial results, which exclude the September quarter results for Volterra. Any statements we may make during this call regarding Volterra's financials reflect unaudited results. Revenue for the first quarter was $585 million, down from the fourth quarter. Our revenue mix by major market in Q1 was approximately 43% for Consumer; 29%, Industrial; 16%, Communication; and 12%, Computing. Our Consumer business declined as expected due to weakness in smartphones. Our Industrial business declined slightly due to seasonal weakness in our core Industrial businesses and declines in our Smart Meter and Medical businesses after strong growth in the prior quarter. Automotive grew for the third consecutive quarter. Our Communication business was up slightly with strengths in networking and Datacom, offset by reductions in our Cable Infrastructure business after a strong Q4. Finally, our Computing business was down slightly. Turning to Volterra, revenue for their September quarter was $36 million. Their Server business grew after a recovery from the prior quarter's inventory correction, and their Notebook business also increased from the prior quarter. Maxim's gross margin, excluding special items, was 60.7%, down from 62.3% in the prior quarter due to mix, lower utilizations and higher inventory reserves in Q1. Special items in Q1 gross margin were intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Operating expenses, excluding special items, were $207 million, down from $214 million in the prior quarter due to unusually low spending across multiple categories as we continue to tightly control spending. Special items in Q1 operating expenses included acquisition-related and restructuring charges. Q1 GAAP operating income, excluding special items, was $148 million or 25% of revenue. The Q1 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 17.3%, down from 18.5% in the prior quarter. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.41 compared to $0.44 in Q4. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, cash flow from operations was $96 million, down from the prior quarter due to the payment of our annual employee bonus in Q1. Inventory was 110 days, flat with the prior quarter. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalog distributors, decreased slightly from 53 to 52 days, as channel inventory in dollar terms increased by 4%, but was more than offset by an increase in resales. Net capital additions totaled $38 million in Q1, up slightly from the prior quarter and within our target of 5% to 7% of revenue. Share repurchases totaled $154 million in Q1, as we bought back 5.5 million shares. We also paid $74 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments declined by $165 million in the first quarter to $1 billion. Moving on to guidance. Our beginning Q2 backlog increased to $417 million, including $27 million for Volterra. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q2 revenue up $605 million to $635 million, including $35 million to $37 million for Volterra. Excluding Volterra, forecasted Q2 revenue is flat from the prior quarter. Q2 gross margin excluding special items, is estimated at 59% to 62%, flat with the prior quarter. Q2 gross margin is expected to be impacted by lower utilizations due to lower revenue in Q1 and Q2, and planned inventory reduction, with a potential offsetting benefit from lower inventory reserves. Special items in Q2 gross margin are estimated at $8 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes amortization of intangible assets and inventory writeups related to the acquisition of Volterra. Q2 operating expenses, excluding special items, are expected to be up approximately 3% for Maxim, excluding Volterra, due mainly to the impact of our annual merit increase and equity grant. Q2 operating expenses will also include approximately $17 million for Volterra, which include stock-based compensation expense. We are on plan to achieve synergies of $15 million annually after the March quarter. Special items in Q2 operating expenses are estimated at $3 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes other potential special items that may occur during the quarter, including Voterra acquisition-related expenses. Our Q2 tax rate, excluding special items, is estimated within our long-term range of 16% to 20%. For Q2 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.37 to $0.41. Net capital expenditures in Q2 are expected to be up slightly from Q1 as we invest in new manufacturing technologies. On an annual basis for FY '14, we are targeting CapEx around the midpoint of our long-term business model of 5% to 7%. We expect to lower our share repurchases in Q2 compared to the higher level repurchases with the prior 2 quarters. Finally, our Board of Directors has approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.26 per share, approximately a 3.6% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I will now turn the call over to Tunc to further discuss our business.
Tunc Doluca: Thank you, Bruce. Good afternoon to all call participants. We appreciate your interest in Maxim Integrated, and thank you for joining us today. At the very onset, I'm pleased to note that we completed the acquisition of Volterra Semiconductor earlier this month, and are very excited to have the Volterra team onboard. We added a highly-talented team with a distinguished record of innovation and product design, process development, advanced packaging and systems expertise. This team will complement Maxim's internal capabilities by delivering a significant time-to-market advantage in high-current power management application, targeting the enterprise and communications markets. The integration of the 2 companies is progressing well. And as a direct result of this acquisition, we expanded the market opportunity we pursue by an incremental $900 million in 2017 based on market research reports. Let me now discuss results for the September quarter. Our September quarter revenue was in line with the guidance we provided, while earnings per share were $0.02 above the midpoint as we continue to exercise operating spending discipline. Let me update you on lead times and bookings next. Our delivery lead times increased slightly, but still remained below our 6-week model. Customer order lead times increased from the prior quarter, predominantly due to longer lead time orders from our industrial customers. Bookings increased during the quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio above 1. I'll next provide some color on our major markets. Let me start with consumer as customary. We expect our December quarter consumer end market revenue to increase due to shipments of Maxim products into new tablet, smartphone and e-reader platforms. We project smartphone revenues to be flat sequentially. We have production ramps of new products at our largest customer, as well as at other smartphone makers. However, this growth is expected to be offset by a decline from older generation smartphone platforms at our largest customer. Our high-integration interface power system-on-a-chip remains best in class, and customized version of this product continued to be designed in at multiple smartphone and tablet customers. In addition, we are expanding our technology offerings for mobile devices, augmenting our portfolio of power management, optical sensor, motion sensor and touch products. We are now shipping audio amplifiers to top-tier tablet makers. Our next-generation audio amplifiers have also been well received by major mobility customers. As we mentioned during our prior earnings calls, our product diversification is exemplified by our investment in sensors, both optical and motion. In the September quarter, we began shipping our second-generation gesture sensor into a major smartphone platform at our largest customer. We're also investing in our motion sensor portfolio to address the growing needs for human interface functions across a range of mobility platforms. From a market segmentation perspective, we continue to -- continue our engagement in the mid-range smartphone market and remain well positioned to participate in this segment. We're leveraging our technology, design IT and system expertise developed for high-end smartphones. Overall, we're working with multiple customers across a host of technologies and executing on our strategy to extend the adoption of our products beyond high-end smartphones. Second, let me discuss the industrial market. We project December quarter industrial revenue to be down primarily due to seasonality. We project meaningful growth in our Automotive business, offset by seasonal weakness in core industrial, as well as an inventory drawdown at a medical customer. Our differentiated strategy in industrial, where we generate roughly half our business from targeted vertical ASSP markets, continues to serve us well. For instance, in automotive, we see ongoing broad-based strength across multiple products spanning multiple applications. In the area of automotive Infotainment, we have design wins ramping into production for satellite radio and TV tuners at several automotive customers. Our overall automotive pipeline of design wins span a variety of end applications, such as Infotainment, power train and advanced driver assistance systems. We remain encouraged by the response of our customers to the breadth of our offerings and the value we deliver. Our highly integrated utility meter products, addressing both smart meters and solid-state meters, are gaining good traction at Chinese meter makers. These customers are supplying not only to the Chinese domestic market, but also are exporting to other Asian markets. Solid-state meters, which are a segment of utility meters, have all the features of smart meters, excluding the advanced communications interface. Let me now provide some commentary on our Distribution business. After rising slightly in the June quarter, inventory days in the distribution channels decreased by 1 day quarter-on-quarter in Q1. Base of inventory was 52 days at the end of the September quarter versus 53 days at the end of the June quarter. As such, distribution inventory continues to remain well below our target model. I would like to note that distribution resales were up 5% in the September quarter, as were end-market bookings placed on our distributors. Third, let me discuss Communications. We project Communications revenue to be flat sequentially in the December quarter. This is driven by an expected increase in business from the networking and Datacom end markets, offset by a decline from cable infrastructure products. Note that we saw a strong uptick earlier in the year in our cable products. The strength in our Fiber Optics business from the prior quarter is extending into the December quarter, as the China optical market experiencing a rebound in telecom infrastructure spending. Bookings trends remain strong. The strength in our Optical business spans a range of applications including Passive Optical Network and backhaul to support 4G LTE deployments. Our Base Station business registered a strong uptick in bookings during the September quarter. In this segment, we're seeing design win activity across our portfolio of RF, signal chain and power management products. Overall, we're focused on executing our strategy of delivering highly integrated solutions to the communications market, enabling broader coverage, increased capacity and lower cost of ownership to deploy the networks of the future. Fourth, in the computing market, revenues will be up sequentially, driven primarily by the Volterra acquisition. Maxim's organic business in computing is expected to be down sequentially, as an increase in business from financial terminals is offset by a reduction from notebook PCs. The December quarter will be the first quarter to include Volterra's revenues as part of Maxim's consolidated results. Therefore, let me provide some additional color on the Volterra contribution. As Bruce mentioned earlier, Volterra's September quarter results were in line with the guidance management had provided as a stand-alone company. Volterra's sequential revenue increases from both the server and notebook markets in the September quarter. Looking ahead to the December quarter, we expect revenue from the server market to increase, driven by seasonality, as well as new product ramps. And this was partially offset by a decline from notebook PCs. We're very excited that the Volterra team is now part of the Maxim family, and we look forward to their contributions to the combined company. In closing, we remain well positioned for growth across a broad range of markets. Our business model remains very attractive, and our strong profitability allows us to return a significant portion of our free cash flow to shareholders. We will continue to focus on delivering winning products and technologies that provide highly differentiated solutions to our customers. Venk, I'll now turn the call back to you.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Tunc. That's the end of our prepared comments. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Securities.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: How do we think about seasonality of the Wireless business going forward? There's a view that as the smartphone market matures, the seasonality for the suppliers will be more moderate. So in the case of Maxim, December is typically down a lot in wireless this year, though, I think you're guiding it flat. And so are we seeing this somewhat take place? And as we think about March, does the same theory sort of apply where March has historically been a good quarter for wireless, but looking forward, maybe the seasonality will be more tempered?
Tunc Doluca: Romit, so thanks for the question. So in terms of our guidance for the December quarter, we actually projected it to be slightly up for consumer revenue. And in terms of looking at seasonality just for the December quarter, obviously, we went through a major inventory correction in the prior 2 quarters. So we think that a lot of the corrections that we normally see in December, we believe that we've been through that, and that's why this year seems a little bit different. Now your question was more about going into the future, into March. And as you know, we don't quite like commenting that far out. There are just too many variables for us to be able to figure out what seasonality or unseasonal results we're going to get. And as you well know, there's all kinds of new models coming in. Frankly, we don't really know in terms of which sockets we've won or we've been able to keep for those newer models, as well as new functions that we actually are competing for that we were not in before. So it's very hard for us to really project any seasonality or any revenues into March, frankly.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I understand. My follow-up is on dialogue, they announced that Samsung has adopted power management solution in one of the Galaxy derivative phones. How should we interpret that? Is that a concern for you? And I guess tied into that, how do you -- how does your content at Samsung look at this point heading into next year?
Tunc Doluca: Well, I mean, I think we've talked about it before, I mean, there is -- there are many sockets available and there are different models across Samsung and across other companies as well. And we do our best to win as many of those sockets as possible, but I've said it before, you can't win all of them. But in terms of the major platforms, we've got good offerings, and it is competitive, but we've got great technology. And the customers definitely are very interested in our products as well. So I think going forward, we've got a good relationship with the customers, and we've got good technologies. So that's a good combination when you move forward in terms of winning designs and obviously, generating revenue as a result of that.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And if I'm allowed one more question, Bruce, just on gross margin. Is 59% to 62% the new range to consider going forward inclusive of Volterra?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: No. The slight downtick in our gross margin really has nothing to do with Volterra. As we said before, its gross margins are kind of very close to 60%, plus it's a relatively small part of our business. Our long-term gross margin model is still 61% to 64%. We've dipped slightly down just because utilizations have dropped along with the revenue drop. So I think we're confident that as the business grows and utilizations tick back up, we'll be back into our long-term model of 61% to 64%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions, I guess. First, I mean, there's been a dichotomy of -- from suppliers in the Samsung. Some folks had talked about things being very weak, even continuing into the December quarter. You guys are obviously talking about things being a little healthier, along with 1 or 2 other peers. Do you think that's completely a function of sort of how much medicine you took in Q2 and Q3? Or is there some share dynamics that are allowing you to do better in the fourth -- in the December quarter as well?
Tunc Doluca: Well, if you look at how big of an inventory correction we did go through, I would say that, that absolutely had some effect on our results versus some of the other companies that are reporting. But I also think there's some effect on who's on which model with which sockets. So as you know, there's multiple sockets that are running. And there's multiple models that Samsung sell, and they ramp them at different times. So it really depends on those 2. We don't exactly quite follow who's on which socket unless we're competing for it. So for us to be able to predict that, it's pretty difficult. But I think it's 2 factors. Number one, the one you mentioned, which is that we went through pretty sizable correction; and the number two is, it also depends on which phone they're ramping it, what time and who's in those sockets.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. On the follow-up, Bruce, you had mentioned the reason for the slightly lower gross margins with the utilization. Can you give us a -- you said utilization was low. How much would factory loadings need to come up to get rid of those underutilization charges, if you can give us an idea of magnitude?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. And to be clear, we didn't take a specific FAS 151 utilization charge, but just utilizations were down and that impacts absorption. And just some numbers, so in Q1, utilizations dropped down to 70%, right? And then we expect them to drop down again in the second quarter, as we kind of reduce our inventory, as we take it from the 110 days and try to bring that down, at least start closer to our target. So from that point of view, that's really what's driving down the tick down. To the extent that we get back over 80%, generally speaking, we're able to be within our range of 61% to 64%. The other thing that kind of impacted us in the first quarter was we did have inventory reserves above our normal range for the second quarter in a row, and certainly, we expect that going forward, that those will kind of return to their normal level. So I think utilization is getting back up over 80%, and inventory reserves coming in at their normal level will allow us to be within our 61%, 64%, where you saw us kind of operate for an extended time period.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk about just the pricing environment in mobile. And maybe the second part, if you could just talk about the competitive landscape in -- when you look at your optical sensors, it seems like you got a nice pickup with the tablet win that's ramping. But do you see any difference with competition with those more integrated parts?
Tunc Doluca: Well, any of these sockets that actually you -- that are opportunities for suppliers, they're obviously very visible and they're large. So they got big targets on them. And obviously, a lot of suppliers want to win those sockets. So it is always competitive. But as long as we're ahead of the game by one generation or more, and we're able to provide technology to the customer that's interesting to them, we do better in terms of being able to keep the prices that we need in order to participate in the business. So the short answer is, yes, it is very competitive. But we've been able to stay ahead and be able to preserve the pricing that we need to participate.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then on my second question, Tunc, I kind of asked this last quarter, but I'll ask it again. When you look at your Mobile business, you had kind of application processor-based VIN PMIC business, you got systems kind of -- or Power SoC, I guess, you call it, and then you got the optical sensors. You seem to indicate that PMICs were less of a kind of driver for next year. But when you look out next year, where do you see the biggest opportunities for you in mobile?
Tunc Doluca: Well, in terms of opportunities, the ones that you already mentioned, the interface Power SoCs, the one that is pretty much in every phone and provides valuable functions, I think that continues to be an opportunity for us. We think that the advanced optical or gesture sensing products, they're an opportunity for us. We have -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we won some Audio Amplifier business, so that we believe is going to be -- continues to be an opportunity for us. And we've also, as you know, been working on MEMS sensors. They're better -- will contribute some revenue next year. I'm talking about calendar year now. But it will be just the beginning, so it won't be a huge contributor, probably. And I think in terms of application processor, PMICs, we still continue to make products for some of the other apps processor companies. And whether those will turn into large revenue or not will depend on whether they're successful or not in winning at the smartphone companies. I'm talking about the apps processor companies now. So it's a combination of all of these. I think that when we talk amongst ourselves here, we do have a lot of irons in the fire, and exactly which ones are going to be the ones that give us the best revenue return is to be seen. But there's definitely plenty of technologies we're working on and showing customers. We're showing it to multiple customers, and we're also showing it, since the products are similar, at all different types of applications, smartphones and tablets, mid-range smartphones, as well as e-readers. So they set lots of irons in that fire.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about Volterra and especially, their Server business. It seems like you have the ability to get some critical mass there, or at least make it more of a scalable business. So could you talk a little bit about that, please?
Tunc Doluca: So on the server side, specifically in that area, obviously, we believe that Volterra has some great technology to offer. The company in general has good revenue coming from the top 2 server manufacturers, so good wins there going into the future. These products usually have fairly long lives. It's not like the handset market. The design wins are done, and then they sell for a long time, which is good. We believe we do have other opportunities in -- for instance, that are really not very well tapped into in areas outside of the top 2 customers, such as cloud, servers and so on, and microservers. So that's an area that we're really going to go after more aggressively than Volterra could because we have a much wider reach in terms of our sales force. So there's opportunities outside of the top 2 customers, and those are the ones we're going to pursue. But as I said, those design wins take time, and the revenues take time to build as well. And that's why when we did our announcement, when we said that in terms of revenue growth, it's not going to come in the short term, it's going to come in the long term.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Understood. And my follow-up is on Automotive. It's had 3 nice good quarters now. It seems to be in a pretty strong momentum. Are you prepared to start breaking out that as a percentage of revenue? Or could you, at least, give us a sense of how big that business has become?
Tunc Doluca: I'm sorry, I missed the first part of your question, can you repeat?
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. So your Automotive business has been growing 3 consecutive quarters, and it's hitting momentum. So I was hoping you could give us sort of a relative size of the business, so we know how to model it going forward.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So the Automotive business, we really decided to get into it, and sort of kind of gives you an idea of how long it takes to build revenue in our business. We started maybe 6 or 7 years ago to see some revenue. It was in the -- that's like 1% or 2% back then. We're getting into the mid-single -- mid to high single-digit range now, and it keeps growing. The good news about automotive is, once you start growing the business, it continues to grow for a while because new design wins are layering up on top of old ones which don't go away. So it is a market that we like. And as we've said before, the market size is expanding because of contents in the cards going up, and plenty of opportunities for a lot of analog and mixed signal. And a tremendous need for integration in that market, because as you know, the reliability depends really on keeping the component count down. So it's just playing right into our strategy, and we think that it's going to keep growing going into the future as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tunc, I guess, one of the big issues for, not only you guys, but the entire industry this calendar year was just the fact that expectations for high-end handset smartphone growth this year just disappointed. I'm kind of curious, do you think that this is going to be -- end up being an anomaly year, and that growth is still there, or that the market is saturated? And I'm really asking the question because you guys, more than most, really exploited the high end of the market. And so I'm kind of curious if you think about mobility going forward, what's the right longer-term growth rate in that business that was sort of 15% to 25% year-over-year growth for you guys pretty consistently over the last couple of years. What do we -- what should we think about the long-term growth rate opportunity there now for you guys?
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think, partially, we all somewhat got spoiled by the fact that we were in a large market growing, depending on which year you looked at it, anywhere from 30% to 40% per year. And we took advantage of it, I'm glad we did. But you know that at some point in time, you can't continue growing something large at 40% per year. So that growth rate has slowed. It's not like it's a declining market. It has slowed, but it is still growing. And the growth right now, more of it is occurring in the mid-range space. But the high-end smartphones are also still growing, even though at a small rate. So from our strategy point of view, we still continue to focus, number one, on the high end because that's where all the technology, the advanced technology gets developed. And then we take that technology that we develop and we leverage it into low-end phones. And the content in the low-end phones obviously is less than high end, because they're mid-range, because there is less functionality, meaning, there's less analog content. So I think our strategy is going to -- is working well because we still have lots of opportunities in the high end. It will grow slower, but we do have newer sockets and newer technologies we're going after, so that continues. Number two, in the mid-range, we just leverage the technology we've already developed and go to more customers where we can win those sockets as well. Frankly, we're not -- we're looking at the low-end, and that's not looking very attractive, so that's not part of what we're going after as a strategy. So my view and our view collectively in the company is that this is -- continues to be a good market. It's not growing 40%, 50% a year, but it's still growing, and there's still plenty of analog content to go for. And the company's overall share, global share is relatively small compared to the available market in smartphones in general. So I think the way it's going to shape up, in my view, it's going to continue to grow, but not at the levels that we saw in the past 3 years.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, Tunc, last quarter, as you guys kind of hit this soft patch in smartphones, you talked about in the conference call, returning to growth in calendar year '14. And from a sequential basis, it looks like you're doing that in December. I'm just kind of curious, do you think that all of '14 could end up being a growth year for mobile for you? Or the first half compares this year just going to make that a tough accomplishment?
Tunc Doluca: Actually, thanks for noticing that, because it is -- you're right, it did go up in the December quarter. However, looking deeper into the year, as I said before, I think, Romit had asked that question. There's just too many variables for us to be able to tell. You've got obviously the success of our largest customers' phones. We've got -- we don't have equal content at each customer, so it depends on how each one of them fares against the other. And finally, we're also trying to make sure that we maintain the current sockets that we own, and we're working on sockets that we didn't have before, new functions that weren't there. So there's just too many variables for us to be able to predict. But I think that next year, we're looking forward to it, and we're making the right moves to make it grow. But how it turns out, it's very difficult to tell.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Hettenbach from Morgan Stanley.
Unknown Analyst: This is Anai Crow [ph] dialing in for Craig. As you guys look to further diversify your handset business, it's like how are you positioning your broad portfolio to participate in the growth in the Chinese handset market?
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So obviously, there's a lot of customers in China, they're up and coming, they're growing very fast. And what essentially we do for that market is, as I said before, we took our technology that we've developed. For instance, I'll give you an example on the power area, because that's pretty lucrative. We can take the interface Power SoC we did and we developed for our major customer. And we're really able to take that and customize it for what the top Chinese manufacturers want and offer to them as a great solution. And that's one example where we can take technology we've got for high-end smartphones and really move it into other markets, other customers, as well as mid-range phones, for example. So we do have relationships, and we are pursuing design wins for all of our offerings with those customers as well. Now having said that, I said they're growing fast, but they're still -- compared to the 2 large customers in the space, they're very small. And I know that all of you know that, but it still is part of our strategy, as you said, to diversify the customer base, and we're definitely making progress in that area.
Unknown Analyst: And as for my follow-up, on the MEMS sensor side, like, what's the initial customer feedback, and how's the process of sampling going on?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So on the MEMS front, we had, in our 6-degree of Freedom product, we did start sampling that. We talked about it on our previous calls. Our customers, in general, liked the performance. The main advantage that they've seen, and we really worked for, was to provide the level of stability to provide good indoor navigation service to our customers, and they definitely see that advantage. But it's not -- it is pretty competitive because other companies buying products have some other features and other performance that might be better than ours. So it's really a tradeoff for the customer. And they're looking at our products and the competitors products, and trying to make a decision. But in general, the feedback we had received was good, but it's not like we were able to beat everybody on every single specification on the product.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you mention the synergies with Volterra? Can you maybe talk about how OpEx should trend after this quarter? And then also, maybe talk about your expectations of Volterra growth versus core Maxim growth after this quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure, I'll handle the OpEx, and let Tunc talk about sort of the long-term Volterra growth. As you know, we've identified about $15 million worth of annualized synergies that we should be able to achieve. I think we feel very confident we're on track for that. We probably got about half of that achieved in the current quarter. It's offset a little bit by just some integration costs. But I think we're confident that we'll be able to achieve that $15 million annualized target after the March quarter. So from that point of view, that will provide a little bit of a down draft on our current OpEx. As far as the kind of organic Maxim business, we'll have to wait and see. Obviously, we don't have -- we've kind of made it through and Q2 is when we have the full quarter impact of our merit. And then going forward, obviously, you've seen us kind of being very good at managing and being disciplined in our OpEx. And certainly, we'll do that to the extent that we see opportunities for growth and our revenue and margin support it, we'll obviously continue to invest in the appropriate growth markets.
Tunc Doluca: So on your other part of your question was in terms of top line of revenue. We do -- I've said this before, when we acquired the company in our justification, we don't really expect the revenue to grow for the next couple of years. Volterra products in the notebook market are basically going down, and that was a result of Volterra management basically reducing the amount of investment in that space, and that's offset by growth in some of their Comms and their Server business. So we know going in that for the next 2 or 3 years, there's really not that much growth in the opportunity. But there is, because of wins that we believe we can get, they have very small penetration in the communications market, and their products are very applicable there. But as you know, when you win those designs, it really takes 2 or 3 years for them to begin to show up as revenue. So that's -- in that space, it's going to take a while. And there were 3 other growth factors, I had mentioned. It was solar space, the integrated voltage regulators, as well as some battery products. And those 2 will take about 2 or 3 years to become sizable revenue. So we're -- now that we're more into and see the business better since the acquisition got completed, we basically see that, that's -- that plan is -- continues to be valid. And essentially, that's the drumbeat that we're marching to as a company.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And for my follow-up, Tunc, I'd just be interested in your opinion, if we to sort of x out the volatility of Samsung, what's your opinion on what's going on in semis right now. Are we in a normal seasonal environment? Are we taking a bit of a breather here, and we're below seasonal, and anything you can give us on just the overall demand environment and why?
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think every company is kind of seeing -- it's almost like many of the companies are on some different cycles than what happened. It's like if we take out mobility, which obviously for us has a huge effect, we, too, see some seasonality in reduction, for instance, in industrial market for this quarter. But we are investing in some of the other markets, the vertical markets, which kind of have their own pattern. So that's really changing the results that we're getting in terms of our revenue going quarter-over-quarter. But I think in terms of what we're seeing, like in the industrial core space, it's really not that much different than what others are seeing. And I think that we're not -- there's no surprises in that core business from our point of view. But what we are seeing is some positive signs from our other markets, especially the vertical ones, and that's really helping us in terms of our results or our forecast for, especially, the December quarter being so different. Now having said that, we -- one piece of information that Bruce and I actually wanted to share was that, we, in general, the October, so far, bookings have been lower than the average booking rate that we saw in the prior quarter. And I really believe that, that is -- that's probably what's happening to our other competitors as well, and that probably has something to do with the guidance that everybody else has provided. When we look at historical data though, October usually is a weaker month than the prior quarter average. So from that point of view, it doesn't look like there is an alarmingly low level going on. But I think everybody has their own way of interpreting the data. And from our interpretation, that's how we came up with our guidance for the quarter, which appears to be higher than some of the peers -- peer companies that we compete with.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aashish Rao from Bank of America.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Tunc, why has it been so hard to break into the other big smartphone vendor? You guys have best-in-class integration technology and content is also growing. Is it a pricing issue, or is it just hard to displace an incumbent at that customer?
Tunc Doluca: Well, it's kind of hard to really completely take -- separate pricing from hard to replace an incumbent because they're always combined. But being an incumbent is always a better position to be in, and that's certainly something we enjoy at the other big customer. But it's not very easy unless the incumbent has some major flaw to completely displace them. But as we've said before, I mean, with the second customer, we also -- which we do have business with them, we just don't disclose it, because they want to be very private and we respect the wishes of that customer. But we do have business with them, and we compete with other suppliers at that customer, and our revenues are significant. But obviously, they're not currently above the 10% level that we -- at which point we do have to report it. So we're working closely. We've got a good relationship. I have -- I believe that at some point in time, we're going to grow our revenues with the customer. But it is, as you pointed out, incumbents do have an advantage when they're in those sockets already.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Good. And then perhaps, one for Bruce. Bruce, could you provide some color on what's the current internal capacity on a revenues basis and what end-market products are manufactured in-house? And also is there a manufacturing node transition? I think you've been at, like the 0.18 node for like 3, maybe close to 4 years now, that you can make to kind of improve your cost competitiveness in mobile?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. So currently, I mean, we have -- with our flexible manufacturing model, and we have probably over $1 billion, right around $1 billion of quarterly capacity. Of course, that depends on sort of the mix of products that make that up. And from what we do internally and externally, we have 3 different foundry partners. And certainly, our newer technologies, for us, the 400-nanometer and the 180 are the ones that we can do externally. And in general, those are in the consumer and some of the computing space. But some of those do fall into other areas, like automotive, et cetera. And generally, our industrial products are done primarily internally. Our goal is to always be able to build products in multiple fabs, whether internally or externally, so that we have that flexibility to scale up to the extent that a certain market sees an uptick in demand. As far as the specific nodes, I'll let Tunc talk about that.
Tunc Doluca: So the current workforce for most of our Consumer or Mobility business is, are 180-nanometer BCD processors. We did mention in the past that we're working on a newer generation of that, and I really expect that to qualify into production, probably next year some time. So it's definitely in the works, and it's coming. And we'll see a transition in the coming years, but 180-nanometer will be most of our revenue generator for awhile.
Venk Nathamuni: Operator, given the time constraints, we'll go with just one question per caller, and if there's time at the end, they can always ask a follow-up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Tunc, just to follow on that last question, the 0.18, you said there's a new generation coming. Is that just an upgrade, and you're going to still be on that 0.18 node?
Tunc Doluca: No, it's going to be finer line than 0.18.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Can you talk about what you guys are seeing out there in the market in terms of inventory outside of sort of your handset customers, and if you think those inventory levels are adequate at this point?
Tunc Doluca: Bruce, you should take that one since distribution is you.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. Yes, I mean, I think we called out distribution actually went down, from 53 to 52. We actually did see a little bit of growth in absolute dollars in inventory. But resales more than offset that, right, resales were up 5%. And so from that point of view, the days actually went down by 1%. So I think the channel inventory continues to be lean. It just simply doesn't want to go up, and I think it's just because of folks continuing to -- we're looking at our distributors continuing to be cautious from an inventory build point of view. It keeps getting harder for us to check inventory levels in our ODMs and OEMs, alright. As these are large customers with manufacturing around the world, it's getting harder for us. So we're not aware of any inventory buildup at this time. But that said, I think it is harder for us to track that at the OEMs and ODMs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike McConnell from Pacific Crest Securities.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Bruce, looking at something that stood out to me was the 3-month backlog. I think if we adjust for Volterra, it was up about 9% sequentially, which is definitely better than most of your peers and book-to-bill above 1. Could you kind of talk about what's driving the backlog? Is this just that industrial customer base, kind of calling for deliveries at a later time, or maybe some color there, please?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I mean, I think as we went into the first quarter, right, I think backlog was low as we went through the inventory correction, certainly, at our largest customer. And so then as we entered the quarter, we had -- Tunc talked about how book-to-bill was greater than 1. And so that usually happens where you get some good bookings in the first quarter to really set up kind of the first couple of months in the second quarter. One thing though that you will see is, generally speaking, the turns in our second quarter historically have been less than in other quarters. And we've seen this trend, and that's for a couple of reasons. One, customers are doing shutdowns, managing their kind of year-end inventory level, and to the extent that our largest customer at some level will continue to manage their balance sheet as well in the month of December. So I think it's just -- we see the uptick in the backlog, obviously, compared to the prior quarter when business was declining. And we also see that this is a lower turns quarter. So it's typical to start up high and then come down.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the Industrial business you guys have had, a lot of success in terms of driving your application-specific products. The question is, are there any big, new products coming out in that market? And if you have time, just a quick comment on Volterra, where you guys are seeing some synergies coming through, reducing some stuff, but at the same time you're saying you're going to be adding some resources there. So what's being added and what's being reduced?
Tunc Doluca: So in terms of the industrial verticals, in terms of products, I think we talked about previously, where we're investing. I mean, we're investing in smart grid products and meters, and those products are coming. We've added capabilities in our newer generations to not only do the metrology but also do security, as well as the communications processing of the data. So lots of great technology in the works there and announced already. We've got products coming in the medical space. We've not announced any of these yet, but we're really making great products that can have -- that have a combination of measuring things very accurately, which is needed in medical. Plus, the ability to do extremely low-power micro-controllers on the same chip. We've got great technology that we actually recently announced for ultrasound, where we integrated multiple channels into a single package, really reduced the component count by an order of magnitude or more, and we've got newer generations of that coming. So there's plenty of products and technology in development in all these vertical markets, and I just gave you a few of the more visible examples in the recent past. Your question about Volterra was adding, and I didn't quite understand that last piece. You said there were synergies? And you said we also talked about adding more resources, I don't think we've said that.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I think you're saying Volterra will be able to leverage what's at Maxim, maybe that's just the sales force or something, but it seemed like you...
Tunc Doluca: So most of that is, obviously, the Volterra, a very small sales force. They were very focused in terms of customers. And what we're really doing in terms of selling their products more effectively is just using our sales force. Remember, we're adding more people. We already had a very good coverage around the world, and we're going to make sure that we train our field employees so they can effectively sell the Volterra products to the customers. They already are visiting almost on a daily basis. So that's not additional resources.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Bruce and Tunc, I wanted to understand the revenue mix within the Consumer Mobile business across power sensors and audio, and get your view for how that mix could evolve over the course of next year.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. It's something that we're pretty sensitive about and don't -- we prefer not to disclose that for various reasons. And the most important one for competitive reasons, and the second one is customers wouldn't really appreciate us talking about their -- about the price of these because they're pretty concentrated. So we don't break out how much of the revenues in each one of the functions. Is that your question, or did I misunderstand it?
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: The question is just trying to -- and it wasn't trying figure out what's going on with your biggest customer. The question was getting at where you thought there could be growth inside the portfolio next year. So if you can't take that one, then the follow-up question would be, in the Medical business where you've got an inventory issue with one customer, what gives you confidence that it's just a normal inventory issue and not a market share issue?
Tunc Doluca: Let me see.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So I'll take that one. On the medical side, that's really, obviously, we're able to track to the extent that they shift into various CMs, and this was just an example where they actually had brought on a second CM, right? And so there was just an initial kind of buildup of that. And now, we're just going to kind of normalize between those 2 CMs, the amount of inventory that each one is keeping. So from this point of view, we're confident from a socket point of view that we have the business, and this was just an inventory rebalancing as they brought on a second contract manufacturer. So I don't think there's too much worry there. And I would say just a little color on your earlier question. One of the challenges we have is, to the extent that we're doing integrated products at this point in time, it's actually getting harder now to separate out, I mean, I'll say, internally to say exactly how much we have in power versus audio versus interface. Those are the type of things that -- it's hard for us to even track that internally.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Bruce and Tunc, just thinking to the long-term operating model, what is the right way to think about it, because last time, you gave it to us when you had a big consumer ramp in front of you, and now that has slowed down. But the flip side is that your industrial and other businesses should grow. So longer term, not next year, but just 2 to 3 years out, what's the right way to think about it?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. Good question. We still firmly believe in our model. And I think to the extent that we're at a 25% operating margin today, that actually provides a nice upside for us. We still believe in and target the kind of the 30% op margin number. We talked about earlier on the call, I think absolutely, the 61% to 64% gross margin is still our model. And you've kind of seen us demonstrate a lot of discipline around our OpEx. And so from that point of view, driving that number from where it currently is 35% of revenue, right, trying to get that down to something closer to 30% or 32% will provide additional leverage for us as well. So still, with our mix of business grow a little bit faster, 61%, 64% growth, manage the OpEx tight, and drive the kind of 30% op margin, which is a nice upside from today.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Stephen Chin from UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A question on the Communications business. You mentioned that you're seeing a little bit of a rebound in telecom spending from China, and it's flowing through to your optical and also your PlayStation business. I was wondering for the -- for fiscal Q2 and maybe even further beyond this, if you have visibility, if you expect that to be a lumpy business as it's traditionally been? Or if you see a more steady consistent spending patterns going over the long term?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. The fiber communications products that we sell in the markets that these go into, historically, have always been lumpy. We -- not only because of the spending being lumpy, but also we see lots of inventory in the channel fluctuating a lot, especially in the Optical Module business. So that's been in the past. And I think it'd be very similar in the future, I don't think the general dynamics in that market are going to change. So it's going to be lumpy just the way that you characterized it, in my view.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator. This concludes our Maxim Integrated conference call. We'd like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim Integrated.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Venk Nathamuni - Managing Director of Investor Relations Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tunc Doluca - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Andrew Paik James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Evan Wang - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Reports Results for Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Venk Nathamuni, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Maxim Integrated's Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Venk. I will review our fourth quarter financial results. We are disappointed that both revenue and earnings were below expectations. During this call, we will explain why we missed and why we're still confident in our long-term business model. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $608 million, up slightly from the third quarter. Our revenue mix by major market in Q4 was approximately 44% for Consumer, 29% Industrial, 15% Communications and 12% Computing. Our Consumer business declined significantly due to weakness in smartphones. The product transition at our largest customer was impacted by an inventory correction for the S III. The severity of these issues was unexpected and worsened towards the end of the quarter. Our Industrial business increased significantly with double-digit percent sequential increases in both vertical and general purpose markets. Automotive, smart meters, medical and control and automation were all up strongly. Our Communication business was up across all markets with particular strength in cable infrastructure. Finally, our Computing business was up slightly across all market segments. Gross margin, excluding special items, was 62.3%, down from 63.5% in the prior quarter due to higher inventory reserves in Q4 and a one-time favorable vendor warranty settlement in Q3. Special items in Q4 gross margin were intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Operating expenses, excluding special items, were $214 million, down from $216 million in the prior quarter due to tight control over hiring and lower profitability, driving lower profit-sharing bonus. On an annual basis, FY '13 operating expenses declined compared to the prior year while revenue increased slightly year-over-year. Special items in Q4 operating expenses included acquisition-related charges. Q4 GAAP operating income, excluding special items, was $165 million or 27% of revenue. Overall, for FY '13, operating margin was 27.5%, up 2 points from the prior year. The Q4 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 18.5%, flat with the prior quarter. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.44 compared to $0.45 in Q3. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, cash flow from operations was $214 million or 35% of revenue. Inventory was 110 days, flat with the prior quarter. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalog distributors, increased slightly from 51 to 53 days as channel inventory in dollar terms increased by 7%. Net capital additions totaled $31 million in Q4, down for the fourth consecutive quarter. Overall, for FY '13, capital additions were 7.3% of revenue, down significantly from the prior fiscal year. Free cash flow was $631 million in fiscal year 2013 or 26% of revenue, up $122 million from the prior year. Share repurchases totaled $193 million in Q4 as we bought back 6.4 million shares. This is a significant increase from prior quarters consistent with one of our stated uses of the new $500 million of debt raised in March and our confidence in the long-term value of Maxim. We also paid $70 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments declined by $373 million in the fourth quarter to $1.2 billion as we paid off $300 million in bonds that came due in the quarter. Moving on to guidance. Our beginning Q1 backlog decreased to $357 million. Based on continued weakness in the smartphone business, we forecast Q1 revenue of $570 million to $600 million or down 4% at the midpoint from Q4. Q1 gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated at 60% to 63% due to lower fab utilizations from lower revenue. Other variables that may influence Q1 gross margin include product mix and changes in inventory. Special items in Q1 gross margin are estimated at $8 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Q1 operating expenses, excluding special items, are expected to be flat with the prior quarter due to continued tight spending controls, offsetting the impact of our annual salary and equity adjustments. Special items in Q1 operating expenses are estimated at $4 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential items that may occur during the quarter. It is also worth noting that interest expense will decline this quarter due to the pay off in June of our $300 million in debt, leaving only interest expense for our new $500 million debt. Our Q1 and future tax rate, excluding special items, is estimated at 16% to 20%. For Q1 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.37 to $0.41. Net capital expenditures in Q1 are expected to be up from Q4, as we invest in new manufacturing technologies. On an annual basis for FY '14, we are targeting CapEx around the midpoint of our long-term business model of 5% to 7%. Our Board of Directors has approved a new $1 billion share repurchase program replacing the prior authorization. With the new $1 billion authorization and availability of funds from our recent debt deal, we are prepared to continue our increased level of repurchases based on market conditions. Finally, our Board of Directors has also approved an 8% increase in our cash dividend to $0.26 per share, approximately a 3.8% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I'll now turn the call over to Tun to further discuss our business.
Tunc Doluca: Thank you, Bruce. Good afternoon to all our participants. We appreciate your interest in Maxim Integrated and thank you for joining our call. Our June quarter results represent a disappointing setback to our short-term performance expectations. Our Smartphone business slowed during the quarter, as our revenues were impacted by a major smartphone product transition at our top customer. The June quarter revenue shortfall was driven primarily by a sharp drop off in demand for the prior-generation Galaxy S III and Note II and the associated inventory adjustments. To fully capture these shifting market dynamics, I would like to point out the trajectory of revenue contribution from our top customer. During fiscal year '13, revenue from this customer accounted for 28% of total company sales, with the contribution peaking at 33% in the March quarter. Looking ahead, the contribution is expected to be less than 20% of revenue in the September quarter. Despite the lower revenue from our top customer, we are very encouraged by the broad-based strength in all our other businesses. Perhaps, to best illustrate our diversified business mix, I would note that in the June quarter, we grew revenue in 22 out of our 24 market segments. Maxim strategy of broad diversification across multiple end markets positions us well as we work through the challenges in the high-end smartphone segment. We are confident in our long-term business model, as demonstrated by the increase in our dividend and share repurchases. We continue to generate strong profits and cash flow, highlighting the inherent strengths of our business model, despite demand fluctuations. As Bruce indicated, the board approved an 8% increase in our dividend and authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program, further reinforcing our commitment to return cash to our shareholders. Let me now provide additional details on the just-completed quarter, with an overview of lead times and bookings. During the June quarter, our delivery lead times declined, while customer order lead times increased from the prior quarter. This was predominantly due to product mix changes. Bookings overall decreased during the quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio slightly below 1. However, Industrial market bookings were strong in the June quarter and this trend has continued thus far in July. I will next provide some color on our major markets. Let me start with consumer. We expect our September quarter consumer end market revenue to be down due to demand weakness for the Galaxy S4 and the associated inventory adjustment I mentioned earlier. While we're impacted by the slower-than-expected uptick of this platform, we continue to make progress in several other smartphone and tablet offerings at this customer. Our high-integration interface power system-on-a-chip is designed into these new models. We remain uniquely differentiated due to the breadth of our analog IP, depth of our systems expertise, proprietary high-voltage process technology and agile design execution. Now moving to the area of sensors, you might recall that we announced our first-generation gesture product in the March quarter. We're pleased to report design wins for our second-generation sensor technology, which includes gesture, proximity, RGB and ambient light sensors, all combined in a highly integrated solution. Shipments resulting from these wins will begin shortly. This extends our technology lead in the optical sensor domain and provides compelling value to our customers due to a combination of high performance, small footprint and lower volume cost. Overall, we're working with multiple customers across a host of technologies, including power management, sensors, touch controllers and audio. Additionally, we continue to extend the adoption of these products beyond smartphones into tablets and hybrid devices. We recognize that growth in the high-end smartphone segment is slowing as the market shifts towards the midrange. I want to emphasize that we are well positioned to participate in the midrange and to do so with solid profitability, as we leverage our technology, products and systems expertise. Despite the slower high-end growth, we will continue to emphasize high-end smartphones. This segment is where all the innovation takes place. And the remaining new consumer features are underway here, but it is too early to talk about these. As we develop these new technologies, it is relatively straightforward for us to leverage and selectively migrate the technology to midrange opportunities. This is what we're doing. In summary, while we're not immune to market weakness in the smartphone segment, we're investing in future technologies, platforms and customers in order to provide differentiated solutions to the Mobility market. As a result, we expect a return to growth in our Mobility business in calendar 2014. Second, let me discuss the Industrial market. We project the September quarter Industrial revenue to be up slightly, following a very strong performance in the June quarter. Order strength in several Industrial segments continued their momentum during the quarter. We saw strong sequential increases in bookings from Automotive, Smart Meter and Medical end market segments, partially offset by a moderation in orders in control and automation. In Automotive, we have been gaining traction in power solutions, RF and serializer-deserializer products, providing us good long-term visibility into our Automotive business. Our design win span multiple product categories, including infotainment, powertrain and advanced driver assistance systems. We're also expanding our footprint in battery management solutions for electric vehicles and hybrids with several Automotive OEMs. Our differentiated strategy in Industrial where we generate roughly half our business from targeted virtual ASSP markets played out very well in the June quarter. We had very strong sequential increases in all vertical segments. Our application-specific SoC approach allows differentiation through high-integration capabilities that are specifically target for these markets. Additionally, our core Industrial business also saw a broad-based improvement. Let me provide some color on our Distribution business. After declining slightly in the March quarter, inventory days in distribution channel increased by 2 days quarter-on-quarter in Q4. Basis inventory was 53 days at the end of the June quarter. As such, distribution inventory continues to remain well below our target mark. We continue to perform very well in the Industrial end market through a combination of SoC-based solutions for vertical segment and state-of-the-art building block products for the general purpose market. This differentiated strategy has enabled us to deliver strong results in our Industrial business, which grew 17% sequentially in the June quarter and now constitutes 9% -- 29% of Maxim revenue. Third, let me discuss Communications. We project revenue to be down slightly in the September quarter after a strong showing in the June quarter. We expect a slight increase in business from the networking and data comm end markets, offset primarily by a decline from base stations. Our Fiber Optics business is experiencing strength as the China market is recovering, following an inventory correction in the prior quarter. Bookings trends are improving and channel inventory appears to be normal. Last quarter, we also secured a new design win at a major Chinese vendor for PON deployments. Overall, we're seeing optical strength across a range of applications including PON and backhaul. Longer term, we have technology to deliver highly integrated solutions across a broad range of Communications product lines, such as power management, optical and RF transceivers. This will help drive system-level benefits that enable next-generation networks with improved coverage and capacity and lower power consumption. Fourth, in the computing market, revenues will be up sequentially. We forecast an increase in business from financial terminals, as well as authentication products. In closing, we remain well positioned for growth in the Industrial, Automotive, Medical and Communications segments. While we're impacted by what we believe to be short-term weakness in the smartphone market, we have a solid track record of managing through market fluctuations. Our business model remains very attractive and our strong profitability allows us to return a significant portion of our free cash flow to our shareholders. In fact, during the past 4 years, we returned 93% of free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. We will continue to focus on delivering winning products and technologies that provide highly differentiated solutions to our customers. Venk, you now have the call.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Tun. That's the end of our prepared remarks. We would now welcome your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse.
Andrew Paik: This is Andrew Paik from John's team. I was curious about -- you talked about your mid end strategy. Can you help us understand your exposure to Chinese OEMs in particular?
Tunc Doluca: Yes, sure. So let me just repeat. Our mid end strategy is really to take all the great products and technology that we developed for high end and really use that to leverage to make products that are specific to midrange smartphones. Obviously, those smartphones have fewer features and we have to adjust our products to fit into that well. Particularly for China, there are a couple of -- 2 or 3 customers there that are the leading phone makers. And the strategy is to do the same for them. In other words, same product that we've developed for the market in general and really make them so that they fit the requirement for those specific customers in China. So in general, we do model where we really leveraged the IP that we had developed for the high end and really customize it for the midrange phones. And that works well both in China, as well as our other customers when they make phones for the midrange.
Andrew Paik: Got it. Very helpful. And also as my follow-up, can you share, I guess, looking over the next 12 to 18 months, if you have like a target end market exposure relative to Industrial, Auto? That will be very helpful as well.
Tunc Doluca: Actually, I think the short answer is going to be no. I mean, we have -- obviously, we're trying to grow our business in all of the segments we're investing in. We've got confidence in our strategy that I articulated in my prepared talk, basically going both in the vertical markets as well as in the horizontal markets. And we've got great traction and you can see the results that we achieved in the last quarter. And we expect to really -- we add a lot of value to the customers, that's what they're telling us, basically, and we're going to continue to do that. We're really trying to pin down our numbers and what the share is. That's not something that we should talk about at this point.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I mean, I think it goes without saying, this is Bruce, that we're obviously happy with the results in the fourth quarter, where Industrial went from 25% to 29%. And obviously, we've talked about continued strength in that market. And as we continue our strategy around the diversified business model, we'll continue to grow our Industrial business. But as Tun said, as well as -- we're going to continue to focus on all of our invest markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Jim Schneider in for Jim Covello. One follow-up on the smartphones, if I may. Can you maybe talk about your view of the inventory correction at your largest customer. How much is the inventory correction versus how much is just plain old demand weakness? If you have any color on that, that will be great, and just comment on any kind of return to growth in that segment.
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think those 2 are always linked. If you -- usually, an inventory correction is the result of demand not being as high as you project it. So that's essentially what we believe what's happened here. Customers -- all our customers, when they're going to the market with a new product, they have estimates of how much they're going to sell and they pretty much drive the supply chain to deliver to those estimates. And if those estimates don't occur, you get an inventory build up. And when that happens, pretty much our customers will take their suppliers and tell them to turn down shipments to them. So the 2 are really very coupled, you can't really separate them and we've seen this for years in many other cases as well. So this was one of those cases.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure, I appreciate that. And then I guess as a follow-up, you mentioned the late sensor portfolio and how you're extending that to the second generation. Can you maybe talk about your motion sensor portfolio and what the strategy is there? Any kind of new product initiatives or design wins to speak of?
Tunc Doluca: Sure, I love to do that. So in terms of our product development, you probably remember, we started this with the SensorDynamics acquisition. It's been a couple of years, I believe, now. We're pretty much where we expect it to be in terms of our development. We have successfully brought up the MEMS technology internally. We developed our first three-degrees of freedom product and introduced those pretty much at the end of calendar 2013, and we're already shipping -- calendar '12, sorry, not '13. We're already shipping those products. And we are well on our way on our first six-degree of freedom product, the performance differentiation that is confirmed by a few customers, which is great. Usually, people who follow was asking about what's the revenue going to look like. It's too early to talk about that. But in any case, revenue won't show up until possibly in 2014, calendar year 2014. So we're very pleased with the progress we've made so far. But obviously, there's still a lot of hurdles to clear.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Securities.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: You guys mentioned that Samsung in the September quarter would be less than 20% of sales. I was wondering if you could get some more granularity there. In particular, with so much focus on the high end, how much does this segment, Galaxy III and 4, constitute today, or what do you think it will constitute this quarter as a percentage of either your Samsung business or overall sales?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Romit, this is Bruce. So we said it's going to be less than 20%. I wouldn't expect it to be significantly less than 20%, so -- I think, from that point of view. And then as far as the percent of sales, certainly, in the -- in our third quarter, when Samsung was 33% of revenue, we had strong S III, Note II and we had the S4 ramping. And then when we got into the fourth quarter, we saw the S III and the Note II fall off rather significantly, as Tun said, due to lower demand and/or inventory that built up in the prior quarter. As we actually look at the first quarter, obviously, the S III and the Note II stayed and continued to decline, whereas the S4 is actually going to decline as well due to the kind of the channel fill in the fourth quarter and the lower demand resulting in that inventory correction for the S4 in Q1. I mean, overall, those are still the majority of our business. We do sell into the midrange for Samsung. Some of their products, the Galaxy Mini, the camera phone, those type of devices, but that's probably 10% to 20% of revenue right now.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: All right, that's helpful color, Bruce. Tun, a question for you. I guess, one concern that people have had is that you're overly dependent on one customer and that finally caught up with you guys here in the June and in the September period. What do you think you guys can do over the next year to help diversify the business out of Korea and maybe eliminate some of the volatility that we're seeing here in the near term?
Tunc Doluca: Well, frankly, in previous calls as well, we've articulated pretty well, I think, what we're trying to do. It's -- so that's not -- I want to make sure that nobody thinks that this is -- I mean, what we say now is the need for torque reaction. For over a year, we've actually been working to try to do 3 things. Number one is to get more technologies into our largest customers' phones. We've been successful at doing that. Number two, we've been trying to get into more platforms in general, other than smartphones, get into midrange, which Bruce talked about a little bit, get into tablets and phablets and readers so on. And number three, we've also been going at other customers, and we actually frankly are successfully winning many sockets and other customers as well, but their volumes are not high enough to really compensate for any big fluctuations we have in our major customer. So we have been executing on a plan to diversify the customer base. It will somewhat depend on what -- how successful those end customers are. And I think that because of this three-pronged strategy that I mentioned, as I stated in my prepared talk, we think that we will return to growth again in calendar year 2014. So yes, we have been actively trying to diversify the customer base and with some success. But as I said, it depends heavily on how successful that customer is in the end market.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Sure. And then just last question for me. You repurchased almost $200 million worth of stock this past quarter. Bruce, is that a good proxy for what we should expect in the upcoming periods? Is there a potential for you to be even more aggressive with the buyback, depending on where the stock trades too?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. As you know, Romit, we use a matrix approach, which -- obviously, if the stock goes down, we buy more. We're very confident in our long-term strategy and long-term financial model. So to the extent that there is some near-term weakness in the stock, I think you will see us participate in the market and use that opportunity to get our stock at what we think is a good value. So yes, I think you will -- it's always based on market conditions. But certainly, with the new authorization from the board and from the $500 million in debt that we took down in March, I think we're very well positioned to take advantage of any market weakness.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda from ISI Group.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, first question, Bruce, the big ramp in the Industrial business in the quarter of 17% sequentially, it sounds like a high number relative to what your peers reported. Any special drivers do you think that allow you to post such a strong sequential growth number?
Tunc Doluca: Well, when we look at where the growth came from, it basically came from both segments. It came from our broad-based products, as well as coming from our vertical market products. Frankly, if we compare the 2, I'd say that it was stronger on the vertical market side. However, we really have not had time to digest yet what our competitors have said in terms of the exact numbers from all of them. But in our case, we do know that most of the growth came from the vertical segment. So that might be a difference between us and some of the other competitors we have.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: This is Bruce. I think as we've talked before, we're obviously big believers in the idea around integration and we've obviously had seen that advantage in the consumer business. But we talked about how we've also been very successful with integration in our Industrial business and Communication business. I mean, if you look at Industrial, it's really in those vertical markets where you're providing those system solutions to customers. And so as Tun said, that's probably -- we saw a good growth in both our Industrial -- I mean, both our vertical and core businesses. But I think it was the vertical that showed higher growth, and I think part of that is due to our integration and system strategy.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then as a follow-up, I sort of had a 2-parter on the Smartphone business. The implication is your Samsung business is down somewhere between $80 million and $90 million over 2 quarters, and if you ascribe even a $4 sort of average content across the Note II, the S III and the S4, that's a $20 million unit correction. I understand that smartphones have been weak, but it doesn't seem like the weakness has been that significant. So is it -- is the inventory -- was the inventory build heading into the September quarter that big? And then on a relative basis, as you look over the 2 quarters, is the weakness more in one versus other product, i.e., the Note II versus the S III or the S4? And then finally, when do you think this bottoms for you? Is just the sub 20% number a reasonable bottom and you're poised for some growth in December? Sorry for the multipart question.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, that was definitely a multipart question. So in terms of the correction, basically, most of the corrections for, especially the last quarter, the Q1, the September quarter, really, as Bruce and I stated, is coming from S4. I mean, there was a pretty good ramp up of S4 shipments in the June quarter from us. And that was ahead of what the real uptick was from consumers. So a lot of that was coming from that. And then the other average was the inventory correction was really from the S III and Note II in the quarter that ended in June. So the sum of those 2 is the number you were referring to, about, I think you said $90 million or so was your estimate. So yes, I mean, the correction that we saw was that large. Now your second part of your question was well, when does it come back or resume growth, very difficult for us to predict that. And we, frankly, in June, we were quite surprised about how big a correction that we were seeing from our customer. And I think it's made frankly both myself and Bruce very gun shy in trying to predict what you ask, which is, you're asking what's the bottom and we certainly don't have enough information to be able to predict that, frankly.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry. Just one quick follow-up on that. Tun, you said the Samsung S4 business was up in June, but I thought you'd guided that business flat given the pull in, in the March quarter. So in other words, how did that move up and then move down so suddenly into the September quarter?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So basically, going from the March quarter to June quarter, S4 was definitely up, that's when they were ramping. And then basically, our customer realized that they were building too many, too much inventory. And basically, they reduced their consumption rates for the September quarter. So big up and then down in the next -- in the September quarter.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: And just sort of clarification. What we had said in our guidance was that Mobility was going to be flat. We always assumed that S4 would be up. It was up less than we thought because they did pull some of that in as you stated correctly. But we thought -- we felt -- thought S4 would be up, S III, Note II would be down. What we did not anticipate and what caused us to miss the midpoint was that the -- there was less demand or over inventory for the S III and the Note II, and so that rocked off much faster than we have anticipated. The S4 was down slightly from our estimates. It was down a little bit. But in general, they still kind of filled -- took their initial shipments because of that and because of the lower demand that I think is kind of well understood out there in the industry now. That's what's causing the inventory correction in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the previous questions. Can you maybe just kind of hold our hand and give us the reasons why you think that there's a bottom for the Samsung revenue and bookings? You're confident that there might not be anymore? As for [indiscernible], do you think that their revenue will be up in the December quarter or down, or would you care to estimate on that?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. As far as the December quarter, that's the one that's probably tricky to understand. That's the quarter we know Samsung normally does their inventory corrections. Obviously, there's a lot of inventory correction happening now with the S4 ramps. As well, you're going to have the -- potentially, a next-generation hybrid will ramp during the quarter as well. So I think it's hard to say what's going to happen in the December quarter and as Tun said, we got burned once, so we're going to be careful on that. As far as whether we think we've hit the bottom this quarter, there is no guarantee of that, right? It is dependent on how well the S4 continues to sell. Clearly, we've been, I would say, very careful. I think we're always careful, but -- continue to be careful this quarter in trying to estimate what we think it's going to expect and to take into account the various risks out there in the marketplace. But as the June quarter shows, there's no guarantee.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Fair enough. And then in terms of your inventory and utilization rates, after this quarter, assuming we get back to -- Samsung to normalcy, do you think your inventory will be at a sort of -- like the desired level for you guys, or could your utilization rares stay kind of flattish or go down a little in the December quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. So I think inventory, we were 110 days. Our target is around 100 days. Certainly, long term, we'll get back down to that. When that happens exactly will really depend on how we work through these various product transitions from that point of view. So it's certainly within probably a couple of quarters, we would expect to start moving back down. It's hard to predict that exactly for the first quarter. As far as utilizations go in the factories and impact on gross margin, you've seen we've done a pretty good job continuing to manage our gross margin with that -- with about 50% of our manufacturing still outsourced. And I think most people understand a majority of that outsource is for the Mobility products where we're having a lot of that volatility from a revenue estimate point of view. So I think, we do expect as revenue grows in -- throughout the next 12 months, I think utilizations will go back up. And gross margin today, we guided 60% to 63%, that's just a point off of our 61% to 64% range. So I think we still feel comfortable that gross margin is going to stay solidly above 60% and ultimately get probably within the range where we've been operating for the last couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel.
Evan Wang - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: This is Evan Wang calling in for Tore. I was wondering if you could talk about your Industrial segment, it grew so much, especially the vertical markets. Among the Smart Meters, Automotive and Medical, I was wondering if you can break down the relative strength in those markets and what kind of percentage of revenue they represent?
Tunc Doluca: Yes, so I'll take that one. Usually, we prefer not to break down the subsegment as a percentage of our revenues and only really give it at the higher 4 major market levels. But in general, if I do talk about the strength in these markets in terms of growth, I'd say that all 3 of them had -- all 3 you mentioned, automotive, medical and utility meters markets, they were definitely all up double digits in the prior quarter. And looking forward, basically, they'll kind of get up to the stepped up level that we predicted. They're going to probably remain at those levels in this quarter. So we're really happy to seize it. All of these were up double digits and they're remaining there, which is maybe the better...
Bruce E. Kiddoo: And Evan, we've said before, if we look at our Industrial, which was 29% of revenue, it's about 50-50 between the vertical markets and core Industrial.
Evan Wang - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. My -- for my follow-up, I'd like to just ask a little bit more about the gross margin going forward. In the past, I think you managed your utilization rate really well to keep the gross margin at a very good level. Could there be any -- could there be additional pricing pressure with the changes that we're seeing in Mobility? Could there be additional pricing pressure that could influence gross margin more going forward and if you could add some color on that?
Tunc Doluca: Yes, so this is Tun, I'll take that one. So in any market, and it's no different in Mobility where we can make the types of products where we're first to market and we have very attractive specifications and features on our products. We're really not seeing tremendous amount of ASP pressure. There always is on products, but it's really not -- I would not call it an abnormal pressure on our products. And our -- we always try to make sure that we're first to market and we showed it in many examples that we've come up with, especially in Mobility, but in other markets as well. So there really is no change in that structure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The first part may be a dumb question, but when you're selling the Samsung, is that through a hub or are you selling parts ahead? Just -- could you just talk about the supply chain there and just kind of your visibility? And then as you look on follow-on products, you saw a fall -- a pullback in the Note II. How do you feel about your positioning in kind of the follow-on products for the rest of the year?
Tunc Doluca: So on your first question, was about are we selling through a hub, are you -- meaning like a VMI hub or...
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, is the product on VMI or you ship products straight? Just kind of if you can talk about the supply chain and kind of your visibility through it and where the inventory was sitting, end product or kind of was it somewhere in the hub.
Tunc Doluca: There is -- the shipments is direct, so there is no hub. There is, on one of the products, we shipped to a margin [ph] maker for Samsung, but that's a little different. But in general, there's no VMI hub that's being used. And I'm going to have to ask you to repeat your second question.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The second question was your visibility on and positioning on future products. You saw a fall off in the older generation of products. I think you've discussed your content in the S4 and that we -- people have seen teardowns, the Note III and other kind of follow-on products. How do you feel about your positioning?
Tunc Doluca: So in terms of the phablets or the larger display size, we feel good that's going to be closer term type revenue for us. In terms of what comes after the Galaxy S4, we're well positioned there. It's obviously -- all the decisions are not made. But we've got the right products. We -- with our customer is very interested in. And we've shown those products and all the different technologies that I talked about for power, for various sensors products. We've shown these to our customers and they're very interested in those. But those final decisions get made later, so there's no certainty yet.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then secondly, if you could just talk about -- you mentioned your gen 2 sensor and I just wanted to clarify, is that shipping this year and any sort of material volume? And then when you public it next year, you're starting to layer on other parts. You used to ship the PMICs to that customer for a processor baseband kind of prospects for getting back more material in that product, as well as some of the new products you're working on with the MEMS and/or touch.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So in terms of our second-generation sensor and follow-on, I think we're in a good position on those. In terms of the motion sensors and so on, it was apps, previously, where progress was. Well, we've got some products and we've shown it to multiple customers, our top customer being one of them. So they are interested in these parts. But as I've said, the final decisions won't be made yet. In terms of the power management IC, I think we're in good position in terms of the interface, power management IC. We're not quite sure about the apps, applications processor PMIC. But I think that dynamic there is probably likely not the change next year in terms of where we are today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: 2 questions, actually. First one is on -- can you give us a sense, in your consumer business now, what -- roughly what percentage of your business is power management devices versus the sensors? And how do you expect to see the non-power management products become? And could you quantify how you expect to see them become a bigger part of the business going forward?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. Actually, for competitive reasons, we really prefer not to give any indication of what the -- how much of the revenue comes from power, how much of the revenue comes from our sensor products. And the reason is really simple. Since we do have concentration, essentially, any kind of breakdown we give is too indicative of what our average selling prices are. So I'd say that it's still -- without giving any numbers, I'd still say that it's dominated more by power than by sensors today. And that will be the way it is for next year as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit, Tun, about what you're seeing in terms of ASPs across the overall product portfolio and how we should think about sort of ASPs going forward, maybe if there is some key drivers one way or the other?
Tunc Doluca: We're not really seeing any major -- if you look at the ASP as a whole company, we're not really seeing major shifts in that. But I think I've said in the past that ASPs are not really a very good indication for our business, it might be for other companies. Because we -- the standard deviation of our selling price is just so high that trying to make that in metrics that we follow, it just doesn't work for us. I mean, so tens of millions of things that are less than $0.20 and then we still have ASPs that are more than $50, but there are not so many of them. So we really -- we're focused on making sure that we have competitive winning products and the price really takes care of itself. It's -- so therefore, it's not something that we've focused on a lot. As long as we can get the returns on investments that we want to get, then we go with it. But I think, in general, we really have not seen some big change or shift or high price pressures in the markets that we're participating.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I guess, going back to your comments where you do have confidence in growing the Smartphone business next year, does that necessitate design wins in the midrange phones? And I ask that because it seems that this year, rather than last year, Samsung is building new phones for the midrange as opposed to last year where they dropped the G S II to the midrange. If that being the case, is there time for you to get the design wins in the midrange for next year to be impactful to the business? And is there enough content, is there enough margin in the net business to be interesting and allow you to grow the business?
Tunc Doluca: Well, it's a combination of a lot of things. I mean, there is content. Obviously, it's less than the content in a high-end smartphone. But there is content there that is available to us. We also have new technologies that are -- that we hope to be able to bring in line next year. An example was the motion sensing products. And as I said when someone else asked, we're also working with other customers as well to bring more revenue in. So the reason that we're optimistic about calendar year 2014 is because of all of these, because exposure to more customers, introducing newer technologies, and also expanding our footprint into more platforms, including midrange phones.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I think you had about 15% to 20% growth in Industrial in the quarter, but you did note that days of inventory through distribution increased. I was wondering if you could perhaps provide us the point-of-sale increase in the Industrial market.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. The point-of-sale overall was up slightly. So we did see some growth there in that market, but we also did see -- obviously, from a rev rec point of view, we saw on a -- we recognized [indiscernible] on a selling basis on international. So that restocking did provide some help as well.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then my follow-up question is regarding your prospects for growing the Smartphone business in calendar '14, how much does that rely on perhaps adding new customers or gaining content at customers outside of your #1 customer?
Tunc Doluca: Well, it relies on both. And I'm trying to predict which one is going to be larger than the other. It's going to be really tough because we don't know end consumer use of any particular product that's made. But our strategy is to do both of those things, and I think that they -- both of those will contribute to growth next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aashish Rao from Bank of America.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Tun, a question for you, then I have a question for Bruce. Dialog Semi has been highlighting share gains at Samsung. I mean, they themselves are trying to wipe customer concentration issues. Do you see them competing for the same sockets in Samsung? And if you have to compete, what would be the impact on margins because clearly, they're operating at about 12% or so, which is less than half of where you are?
Tunc Doluca: Well, in my discussions with the executive that runs the Mobility business for us, Chae, the -- in my discussions, that company doesn't really show up that much in our conversation. So we must be in pretty different phone platforms with each other, so we're not seeing it, again, in the market, is all I can say right now. So we don't really have enough information or interaction to be able to answer that question very well.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then Bruce, quick question. I mean, a couple of years ago, you had set a target of distributors growing to about 35% to 40% of sales. Could you remind us what it was in fiscal '13 and how you see it trending with the change in mix that's currently occurring?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. It's -- right now, it's been about -- and it's been pretty steady at about 30%. I think, when we had Industrial weakness kind of in the back half of last year, it gets down to maybe 28% or so. In this quarter, I think it went up to 31% with the growth in Industrial, so -- but it's been pretty constant around that range of 30%. And I think, from our point of view, our target was probably 30% plus. We thought maybe we could get a little bit over 30%. But to be candid, right, from our balanced business, right, our other businesses have done very well as well, and so that's kind of held that kind of percent of revenue down a little bit. So I think overall, I think we're still very pleased with our Distribution business. We're pleased with the relationship with ABnet, with the kind of the demand creation and the number of customers and converting that to POS revenue. And so overall, I think we're happy and it continues to be an important part of our go-to-market strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike McConnell from Pacific Crest.
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Looking at the -- over the last 2 or 3 quarters, that 80-ish kind of hit to the Consumer business, I just want to be clear, do you feel this is strictly unit driven or was this also anything to do with content?
Tunc Doluca: So I'll take that question. So in terms of the reductions that we saw in revenue, the -- obviously, a vast majority of that is because it's unit driven. It is true that our content is slightly less on the S4 than it is on the S III, but the amount of reduction that you've seen is completely dominated by the number of units or the number of phones that are being sold rather than the dollar content, slight dollar content reduction from the S III to the S4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from B. Riley.
Craig A. Ellis - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Bruce, going back to your prepared remarks, you noted that there was an inventory charge in the fiscal fourth quarter. Can you quantify what that was? And as you guided to gross margins in the outlook quarter, what's the assumption for that charge? Does it reverse or does it stay there?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So we don't disclose that exactly. I think most people know we usually model around $5 million a quarter. It was certainly materially above that this quarter. So it probably costs us a point, especially when you compare it to the prior quarter which was actually below our modeling assumptions. So quarter-over-quarter, that probably cost us about a point. As far as going forward, it's really dependent on -- once that charge gets taken, that inventory gets written down, it doesn't get written back up until that product ships. So going forward, it's really about what's the demand looking like on the products that are -- the good products that are still in inventory. And to the extent that business, our Industrial business and overall business continues to be well, there shouldn't be any significant increase, but that's always difficult to predict. So obviously, this quarter's inventory reserve was, as you would expect, more about the inventory correction in our Mobility business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Steven Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You guys have done a pretty good job here on the handsets despite the near-term inventory shifts. And it's been -- as you position it from sort of unique way of doing your integration across functional blocks, it's been mostly folks on handsets. Are there other verticals that you're taking that same various integration to?
Tunc Doluca: Well, the answer is absolutely yes. We've got -- when we talk about -- for instance, let's take them one at a time. In Industrial, we said half of the business is ASSPs and vertical markets, the other half is going through the horizontal markets. I mean, in pretty much all of those vertical markets, like utility meters and the medical products, in all of those Industrial segments, we have a high integration plan where we provide a lot of functionality on a single chip and it's very compelling to those customers, so -- in Automotive as well, that's another area. Our transceivers, some of our products were Keyless Go, they're all high-integration parts. Very similar in Communications. We're using the same philosophies. How can we take a customer's problem and give a complete solution to them, whether it's in a single highly integrated chip or maybe even multiple highly integrated chips. Do the same thing in Communications, again, in small cell base station products. Our transceivers for that, products for optical communications are very high integration, almost single-chip solutions for an entire module. So clearly, we've really taken this from being a handset strategy to being a strategy in every one of our markets over the past 3 or 4 years. So the strategy that we believe will work because what -- that's what the customers are asking for.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: So coming back to the midrange versus high-end part of the market, so the high-end part sounds like it was weaker than expected for June and going into September. Did -- and you're exposed to the midrange as well. Did you see upside on the midrange or did you see those orders come down as well?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, this is Bruce. I think those phones were in line. And when we look at the new phones that we're in, say like the S4, many -- I mean, those are still relatively smaller volumes. So I don't think that was the -- a major part. It was really the legacy S III, Note II coming down off of strong shipments in Q3.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then as the -- for the midrange, as you try and do a little bit more focus there, can you quantify it all what, in percentage terms, perhaps what your content is in the midrange versus high end? And do you run into any different competitors in that part of the market than you do on the high end?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. I think I'd rather not quantify what it is. The competitors that we're faced with in terms of that, they're really not that much different than the midrange. The competitors are very different in the low end, but that's not where we're playing, so that's really not relevant. But it's really the same set of types of competitors. And there's a new group in the midrange that I think most of you know about. I mean, especially in the midrange, they don't sometimes need all of the functions that we provide. So sometimes, they would break up the solution and use discrete functions. And in that case, obviously, there are some competitors that come in. But whenever we're providing a sensor technology and so on, there's -- it's the same competitors that we see in the high end. When you go just the power-type solutions, you do run into more competitors that are providers of discrete solutions. So in those cases, we look for customers and applications that value our integration and go after those. So that's our strategy there.
Venk Nathamuni: Great. Thank you, all, for those questions and thank you, operator. This concludes Maxim Integrated's conference call. We'd like to thank you for your participation and for your continued interest in Maxim.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Venk Nathamuni - Managing Director of Investor Relations Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tunc Doluca - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Christopher Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Gabriel Ho
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Venk Nathamuni, Managing Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Maxim Integrated's Fiscal Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Venk. I'm pleased to review our third quarter financial results. Revenue for the third quarter was $605 million, flat with the second quarter. Our revenue mix by major market in Q3 was approximately 49% for consumer, 25% industrial, 14% communications and 12% computing. Our Consumer business was up strongly due to strength in smartphones as our largest customer build inventory for the launch of a new platform. Industrial was flat as strength in automotive was offset by a decline in other vertical markets. General purpose industrial was up slightly. Looking forward, Q3 orders were strong. Our Communication business was down due to our Networking and Datacom segment, and Computing was down as expected across all businesses. Gross margin, excluding special items, was 63.5%, up from 61.5% in the prior quarter due to higher factory utilization, lower reserves and one-time items. Special items in Q3 gross margin were intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Operating expenses, excluding special items, were $216 million, flat with the prior quarter and consistent with revenue. OpEx was slightly higher than our forecast due to higher profitability, driving higher profit-sharing bonus. Special items in Q3 operating expenses included acquisition-related charges, partially offset by the gains on sale of buildings. Q3 GAAP operating income, excluding special items, was $168 million or 28% of revenue. The Q3 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 18% compared to 19% in the prior quarter. This includes a $3.5 million catch-up benefit for the R&D tax credit for Q1 and Q2 of fiscal year 2013. Special items in our Q3 tax provision include a $4 million catch-up benefit for the R&D tax credit for Q3 and Q4 of our prior fiscal year. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.45, up from 42% -- $0.42 in Q2. This is 7% higher on flat revenue due to higher gross margin and flat operating expenses. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, cash flow from operations was $212 million or 35% of revenue. Inventory was 110 days, up from 101 days in the prior quarter, as we build inventory in advance of an upcoming product launch by our largest customer. Our current plan is to reduce inventory days after the product transition is complete. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalog distributors, decreased slightly from 53 days to 51 days as channel inventory in dollar terms declined by 6%. Net capital additions totaled $38 million in Q3, down for the third consecutive quarter. Share repurchases totaled $66 million in Q3 as we bought back 2.1 million shares. We also paid $70 million in dividends to our shareholders. Finally, in Q3, we issued $500 million in 10-year bonds at a coupon of 3.375%. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $543 million in the third quarter to $1.57 billion. Moving on to guidance. Our beginning Q4 backlog increased to $386 million. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q4 revenue of $610 million to $640 million or up 1% to 6% from Q3. Gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated at 61% to 64%, which is our long-term model. Q3 fab utilization increased to 80%, with the Q4 benefits of this higher utilization offset by a return to normal inventory reserves and no favorable one-time items. Other variables that may influence Q4 gross margin include product mix and changes in inventory. Special items in Q4 gross margin are estimated at $8 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Q4 operating expenses, excluding special items, are expected to be up around 1%, less than expected revenue growth due to continued tight spending controls. Special items in Q4 operating expenses are estimated at $4 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential items that may occur during the quarter. It is also worth noting that we will have increased interest expense this quarter due to the overlap in our new $500 million debt and prior $300 million debt, which is paid off in mid-June. Our Q4 and future tax rate, excluding special items, is estimated at 15% to 20%. For Q4 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we exclude a range -- we expect a range of $0.45 to $0.49. Net capital expenditures in Q4 are expected to be up from Q3, as we invest in new manufacturing technologies. Our share buybacks may increase based on market conditions, given the availability of funds from our recent debt deal. Finally, our Board of Directors has approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.24 per share, approximately a 3% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I will now turn the call over to Tun to further discuss our business.
Tunc Doluca: Thank you, Bruce. Good afternoon to all our participants. We appreciate your interest in Maxim Integrated, and thank you for joining our call. Let me start by highlighting 3 key March quarter financial results. One, revenue was above the midpoint of the company's guidance. We witnessed improvements in business conditions across multiple end markets and strength in our Mobility business, ahead of the new product launch from our largest customer. Two, gross margins increased 200 basis points sequentially and approached the high end of our target model. This was driven by higher factory utilization and improved operational efficiencies. Three, higher revenue and margins drove $0.04 of EPS upside over the midpoint of our guidance. Our earnings per share for the quarter was $0.45. Let me next provide additional details on our just completed quarter with an overview of lead times and bookings. During the March quarter, our delivery lead times remained steady and customer order lead times were roughly flat from the prior quarter. Bookings increased during the quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio well above 1. Industrial market bookings were strong in the March quarter, and this trend continued thus far in April. I will next provide some color on our major markets. Let me start with consumer. We expect our June quarter consumer end market revenue to be flat to up slightly as our largest customer is starting its major product transition to the recently announced Galaxy S4 smartphone platform. We began shipping S4 products ahead of the launch, and this accounted for the majority of the revenue upside in the March quarter. We are well positioned here, with multiple Maxim products sold into this platform. Our high-integration interface Power System-on-Chip is used on all these new smartphone models. Therefore, we're agnostic to who supplies the baseband and apps processor in the smartphone platform. We're uniquely differentiated due to the breadth of our analog IP, depth of our systems expertise, proprietary high-voltage process technology and agile design execution. The apps processor PMIC will be manufactured by other suppliers in this generation. In addition, we have expanded our product portfolio to include gesture sensors in the Galaxy S4. We are first to market with this technology and provide a differentiated solution based on a fab ending single infrared LED illumination source. We bring to bear our traditional strengths in high-performance mixed signal and ultra-low power consumption. This enables these gesture sensors to be always on and opens the door to new use cases in mobile devices we have not yet imagined. To round up our S4 wins, we have a building block chip in every model as well. We're also excited about extending the adoption of our power management and sensor products beyond smartphones into tablets and hybrid devices. Our strategy is to continue to invest in our Mobility business along 3 vectors: first, diversified technologies beyond power, such as optical, motion and other types of sensors, touch controllers and audio; second, win designs across a wide array of product platforms, such as smartphones, tablets, hybrids, e-books, et cetera; and third, secure additional design wins at multiple customers. Consequently, we remain positive about our prospects for continued growth from the smartphone and tablet end markets. Second, let me discuss the industrial market. We project June quarter Industrial revenue to be up strongly. We experienced a robust pickup in orders from the automotive end market, as well as broad-based improvement from the general purpose industrial categories. In automotive, the sequential strength is driven by production ramps of multiple automotive infotainment design wins and continued adoption of our high-speed serial link products. Additionally, we see strength in our tuners and power management products for infotainment applications. Longer term, we expect continued momentum for our Automotive business as we have secured design wins in multiple technologies such as power management, RF tuners, serial link interface and battery management systems. These wins are across multiple segments such as infotainment, powertrain and advanced driver assistance systems. Turning the focus to distribution, it is important to note that Industrial has a broad customer base, buying primarily through the distribution channel. After rising slightly in the December quarter, inventory days in the distribution channel decreased quarter-on-quarter in the March quarter. Days of inventory was 51 days at the end of the March quarter versus 53 days at the end of the December quarter. As such, distribution inventory continues to remain well below our target model. As I have stated before, we have a differentiated strategy within industrial with approximately half our business focused on targeted vertical markets that require ASSP solutions, while the other half is focused on the general purpose market. The ASSP approach entails providing highly integrated products in select end market segments, such as automotive, smart meters and medical, for which we develop System-on-Chip or SoC solutions. In the June quarter, we expect strong growth in this ASSP business. The general purpose analog segment, which accounts for the other half of our Industrial business, consists of high-performance analog building block products. This segment is served predominantly through distribution and is highly correlated to the macroeconomy. We're well positioned in these building block products since we had a meaningful pickup in bookings from distribution during the March quarter and we have lean inventory in the channel. So we're in good shape in the vertical markets with ASSP solutions and in the general purpose market, with strengthening orders and lean inventories in the channel. Third, let me discuss communications. We project revenue to be up during the June quarter. We expect an increase in business from the Networking and Datacom end markets, while the base station end market is expected to be roughly flat sequentially. We're seeing strength in cable infrastructure products sold into one of our top communications customers. We also expect revenues from the Networking and Datacom segment to increase as we catch up on March quarter delinquencies to some short lead time orders. In the base station end market, we expect revenues to be flat in the June quarter, as small cell deployments moderate following the strength in business in the March quarter. The macro base station segment is also expected to be roughly flat. We have technology to deliver highly integrated solutions across a broad range of communications product lines, such as power management, optical and RF transceivers. This will help drive system level benefits that enable next-generation networks with improved coverage, capacity and lower power consumption. Fourth, in the computing market, revenues will be flat sequentially. We forecast an uptick in business from the server end market offset by a decline in our peripherals business. We expect revenue from the Notebook segment to be relatively flat. In closing, we remain excited about our prospects for growth from the smartphone and tablet end markets and believe we are well positioned for growth in the industrial, medical, automotive and communications segments. We will continue to focus on delivering winning products and technologies that provide highly differentiated solutions to our customers. Venk, you now have the call.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Tun. So that's the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Securities.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Bruce, at the midpoint of guidance, you're assuming gross margins declined 100 basis points. However, volumes will be -- it looked like they'll be up in the June quarter. And just judging by your mix, Industrial and Comm will grow faster than Consumer and Computing. So why would gross margins decline in June?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Romit. So once we get to kind of these levels of gross margin, we always kind of guide to our long-term model, which is 61% to 64%. So I think when we think about Q4 gross margins, you're right, we are going to see some benefit of the increase in utilizations in Q3, as we know that will roll over and will give us some help in the Q4 quarter. We do think there's probably just a little bit of downward pressure on gross margins this quarter. Inventory reserves came in a little bit low in the third quarter. We're assuming they come in at their normal level. And we had a couple of just one-time items that helped us in Q3 that we don't expect to repeat in Q4. So in general, we expect some downward pressure on gross margin, but the guidance we gave was just our long-term model.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And as a follow-up, Tun, I just wanted to get your impressions of the S4 ramp. I noticed that consumer came in stronger than you had originally guided, but the June outlook of flat to up is a little lighter than I was expecting.
Tunc Doluca: Well, essentially, what we experienced was, obviously, we had significant design wins, and I outlined that in my prepared remarks. We've got several sockets that we have across the whole platform, and we talked about all 3 of those. We wanted to make sure that we supported our customers very well. And essentially, whenever they requested deliveries from us, we decided that we needed to support them. And they wanted to be ready prior to their launch, so that resulted in us ending up shipping to them what they requested from us and pulling some of that into the March quarter actually, into the month of March mostly. And that kind of increased the amount of -- the revenues that we had for them in March. Essentially, we shipped it by about a month or so early, so we shifted it from one quarter to the other. So essentially, that's why you're seeing what you saw in terms of our guidance for June. Now, if you actually looked at the combination of the 2 quarters, then our guidance really is not -- it's just as it would've been expected in normal seasonality in terms of the strength. So I think, it really weren't -- wasn't that big of a surprise knowing what we knew internally as to how our largest customer wanted to do their product ramp for their new platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Christopher Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Chris Hemmelgarn on for Blayne. First question, did you break out smartphones as a percent of revenue this quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So this is Bruce. Generally speaking, they've been in the kind of the high 30s. I think this quarter, just because of the launch of the S4, which Tun talked about, they hit -- I think they hit -- they may have touched 40%.
Christopher Hemmelgarn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. Just kind of a quick follow-up. Tun mentioned that you guys were largely agnostic to -- given that you could sell a variety of different apps processors. I could be wrong here, but I thought you might get a little bit different -- ASP is dependent on the GS4, dependent on which build it was specifically. I just wanted to check on that. And additionally, if -- assuming that is the case, you know any guidance into where you're seeing strength in the Qualcomm AP or the Samsung model, or just what you're seeing there?
Tunc Doluca: Well, as I said, our products are used across all the platforms. Therefore, it's really not that easy for us to tell actually which ones have -- what percentage of the phones are built with which applications processor. So I'm afraid we're not going to be able to help. Even if we could, we probably shouldn't be helping. But in general, our products are being used across the platforms now for basically for all 3 of those sockets.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: And just to clarify, to your point, in the S3, there was a difference between different geographic versions of the phone. In the S4, we have consistent content. We have all 3 chips across all geographic versions of the S4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Gabriela Borges on behalf of Jim. I want to follow up on your commentary on general purpose analogs. You mentioned another quarter in channel inventory declines, but also that given that level of demand and orders are improving, I was hoping you could give us some color on what you're hearing from distributors in terms of willingness to restock.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So this is Bruce, I'll take that. So we definitely saw within the third quarter, we saw our kind of general purpose up slightly, and we expect that to be our kind of our core industrial to be up again in the fourth quarter. From a distribution point of view, and if we really focus on the U.S. and Europe, because that's where the kind of the bulk of our industrial business sell through the distributors, both end market bookings and resales were up strongly in both the U.S. -- the U.S. was probably up in high single digits quarter-over-quarter, both resales and end market bookings, and Europe was up probably mid-double digits, both resales and market bookings. Obviously, Europe had the -- was coming from a lower base. But overall, we saw, I think, good strength in our industrial bookings in the quarter. We continue to see that. As far as your question specifically on restocking, we're not seeing that right now. They're taking off the ordering product based on higher resales. But like our days of inventory showed, they actually went down. Inventory actually went down from 53 to 51 days. So again, I think right now, it's all being driven by end demand, and we're not yet seeing a restocking.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And as a follow-up, if I could, I'd like to get your thoughts on the outlook for small cells this year. What kind of visibility do you have in the deployment in the second half of the calendar year? And how they occurred more so as a portion of the Comm segment?
Tunc Doluca: So I'll take that one. So in terms of small cells, what the -- we've had some good design wins and some revenue in previous quarters. And what's essentially happening right now is that what we're observing is that the customers, meaning our customers, as well as the service providers, are kind of analyzing or reviewing all their options in terms of improving coverage and capacity for their customers. So it's in a bit of an analysis mode as far as we can tell for them to kind of understand how they should build out their systems. And clearly, they do have various methods of providing service to their customers. So from our viewpoint, what we see is that we have developed products and technologies that can really benefit from small cells being used very extensively. Those benefits, we've demonstrated because our customers have been interested in our products. But exactly how this is going to shape out, we're going to have to wait and see right now. But we believe that from a -- from our point of view, it looks like the architecture of using small cells distributor, especially in metro areas, seems to us like it's a better architecture. But in the end, it's a decision that's made by the service providers. So we're essentially have developed the technology, have offered it, the design wins are there, but how it's developed is not really that clear to us right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aashish Rao from Bank of America.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Tun, for the past 2 years, Maxim has only focused on the high-end smartphone opportunity where you've been able to offer a very differentiated solution. But growth here in some of these premium smartphones is slowing significantly, and 2 major vendors noted the same this week. So just wondering if you see a need to refocus your strategy towards designing chips for the $150 to $250 smartphones, which are expected to be the biggest growth driver over the next 5 years.
Tunc Doluca: Well, clearly, our initial strategy was with the resources that we had. We have to make sure that we deployed them in a way that it gave us the best return on investment. And that, in the early years, basically was to make sure that we service properly the high-end market. However, when we look at how the market's going to grow, we do agree that there will be growth in the midrange or even low-end smartphones. And we do have products that we've developed or are developing that can address some of the needs in those markets as well. But in every case, we have to make sure that we're focused on adding value. So we seek those sockets where customers need something that we've got that our competitors can't do. And when we find those, we actually have not been shy, and we have developed products that will go into all types of smartphones, whether it's the highest end like an S4 platform or other midrange or lower range smartphones. So I think that there will be growth in that space, and we've definitely been watching it. We're just focused on making sure that we can add value.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. So even if there's a slowdown, do you think you have sufficient design wins to help offset any slowdown in this premium smartphone space?
Tunc Doluca: Premium, yes. And also remember that in the prepared remarks I talked about, when I said we're working on 3 vectors, one of those was also to diversify our product or technology base. And that applies not only in high end but also in the midrange smartphones, and it applies in all other kinds of smartphones as well because our belief is that many of the features that are today in a high-end smartphone do eventually migrate into the midrange and low end as well. So all those products will be available for other segments of the smartphone market.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Cool. And then as a follow-up, Intel's launching its Haswell chip. And one of its major innovations to address the ARM challenges including this voltage regulator on die. I realize notebooks aren't a focus area for Maxim currently, but what is the risk that some of the mobile SoC vendors begin to do the same? Do you think they can do that? Or is it just too complex, they just don't have the scale, design and validation resources that Intel has to integrate something like this?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. Obviously, you're right in observing that we're really not that focused anymore on the notebook core power. I -- frankly, I have my doubts, whether in the long term, this is the right approach to integrate power all the way into the CPU module. And I think that because I got my engineering hat on, and it says that putting more heat where all this heat is generated is probably not the right thing to do, whether it's in a notebook computer or even when it's in a smartphone. So in my view, that the likelihood of that happening is not very high, especially I think in terms of putting it on monolithic dies is almost not possible. But putting it in a hybrid approach aggravates the heat problem, so I'm not sure that, that's going to be the right approach anyway.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda from ISI Group.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Bruce, so a quick question for you. Your backlog's up 9%. You talked about an acceleration of orders in March and into April, but the midpoint of the outlook is just up a couple of percent, I guess 3%. So I -- my question is why not a more positive outlook, given the strength you're seeing both from a bookings and backlog perspective?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I think as Tun talked about, we're guiding Consumer, our largest business, to be flat to up slightly. And within that, we're actually guiding Mobility to be flat, and we think some of our home entertainment products will be up. And so that's how we get the up slightly. And the main reason for guiding mobility flat was the reason that Tun talked about, which was the -- kind of the shipments to our largest customer in the third quarter ahead of the S4 launch. And then as they kind of work through that launch in understanding exactly what the timing of that ramp will be, we obviously work very closely with Samsung and try to understand what those requirements will be and forecast the most likely case. I do think it's worth noting that even with our largest business being flat, we're still guiding up 1% to 6% or 3.5% at the midpoint, right? And I think that's because of -- a lot of that strength that we've talked about is in the Industrial business as well, where we're seeing -- we expect that to be up strongly. Our strategy around the vertical markets, automotive, medical and smart meters, we expect all to be up strongly, and we're also seeing some strength in our core industrial. So I think that the strength in the Industrial business is allowing us, even in a quarter when we're -- when our largest customer is going through a product transition, we're still able to guide up 3.5%.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just as my follow-up, I know Tun, you said that it's hard for you to figure out exactly what your content is in each model, a version of each model. But just based on the comment that you have 3 chipsets across all geographies and you have the gesture sensor, it would seem that at a high level, you have higher content in the S4 versus the S3, or is there an ASP dynamic that I'm missing in this analysis?
Tunc Doluca: Well, we actually have -- what we decided to do is since the content that we have is actually used on multiple platforms like in other products like even tablets or Notes, for example, from Samsung as well, it's really hard for us to talk about ASP dollars for phone anymore because it is going into multiple sockets. And we, for competitive reasons, actually don't want to share what the socket content is. So I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to answer the question you're asking. But I do want to add something about the question you asked before to Bruce. If you do the arithmetic, since we were -- went over our guidance by 2 points in the prior quarter, if you move that over to this quarter, if we had shifted later, that makes our growth about 6% to 7% if you did that arithmetic correctly. So we see this, our growth is in line with what you would expect from a seasonal perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just to follow up on the bookings that you talked about, and it sounds like a lot of that strength is in industrial, I guess I assume, based on the guidance and the increase in backlog that a number of those new bookings are coming outside the current quarter, if you could comment on that. And just as we follow up on to seasonality, into the September quarter, obviously, a lot of that has to do with your customer sell-through levels. But typically, I guess, we should assume that normal seasonal behavior would be a fairly strong ramp within the consumer in the handset group.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So this is Bruce, I'll take that. So certainly, bookings were up. They were up across all of our end markets. And certainly, they were probably up the strongest in Industrial and in Consumer. That said -- and beginning backlog is up 9%. But let's remember, we actually started the last quarter with low beginning backlog, right? And we had higher returns than normal required in Q3, because of kind of the position we came out of December. So when we look at our beginning backlog for Q4 and we look at that against our guidance, we're about 62% booked right now. And from that point of view, that's about normal. We were a little bit low last quarter, so we're back into a normal range. So I would say our backlog is filling in as expected and kind of per normal patterns, and it's just a little bit of a -- compared to last quarter, the last quarter was -- we're actually a little bit low. This quarter, we're at a normal level.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Right. So in other words, you need fewer returns this quarter as compared to last quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: That's correct.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Right, okay. And just as a follow-up to that, with regard to the handset business, any updates for us with regard to your efforts to diversify your content outside your largest customer? Is there anything we can expect this year that's meaningful or anything that you guys are comfortable talking about?
Tunc Doluca: I think, first of all, we clearly have been working with multiple customers in this field. We've got design wins with them as well. I think it is a little bit early to be very specific. So in general, I don't really want to talk about these until maybe they're seeing it in the tear-down that's done for the industry quite often. But I can assure you that we've definitely been working with a lot of customers and winning them as well. But our challenge remains what we've said before. If you do operator chart of who's got market share, the other customers are really small compared to the top dog. So it's -- the results we get financially, which is what matters in the end, is really going to depend on how successful these customers are where we've won designs at. And the specifics, I'd rather not speak about because our customers also don't want us to talk about these things because it reveals what their strategies are ahead of publicity on their products.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms -- and since you're not going to comment on any specific content in the S4, how about this question: Do you think that your sort of total revenue opportunity in the S4 will be the same or more or less than it was in the S3, and why?
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think it's going to be pretty similar. And the reason I say that is because we have, as you know, some of the sockets we've not been able to retain, in particular the applications processor power management IC. But we have added other functions in the phone as well that we won that are new for us, where we had no revenue before. So I don't really see a significant enough difference. Having said that, it's really hard to predict because we -- in the previous platform, our revenues per phone were all over the place, and we kept talking about this as well. So from a design win perspective, I think we're in good shape. Getting it quantified exactly as to what our average dollars were, it's not very easy. So -- and I don't think we can say much more than that. I don't think we gave out an exact number in the past, and we're not going to give an exact number in the future either.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: And, Chris, this is Bruce. Another way to think about that is if you look at Samsung overall, right? And our ability to grow our business, not only in their phones but also in their tablets, the Notes and their tabs, we expect Samsung overall to continue to grow. So from that point of view, and that's really how we look at it is how are we doing at that account, and we believe we're continuing to do well there.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And so for my follow-up question, well, it just sounds like we're just dealing with a little bit of a June quarter revenue that got pulled into March. Going forward, if we look into the September quarter, do you think that all of that sort of inventory build at your top customer will be worked through and we would return to, I guess, a normal seasonal growth in the Consumer segment? And then can you also just remind us what we should be thinking about or what would be a normal seasonal sequential growth in the September quarter would be?
Tunc Doluca: First of all, it's -- we really don't have visibility into how -- and 2 things, basically, what Samsung's plans are in terms of how they're going to -- how aggressively they're going to roll out the product. And the other thing that we don't really know, unfortunately, is what the consumer acceptance level is going to be for the new product. So when you put those 2 together, it's really difficult for us to forecast even 3 months out, which is what you're asking about, what kind of demand changes we're going to see for smartphones. Obviously, it's a great growth area and opportunity for the company, but it also has this uncertainty in it that you always have to live with. In terms of seasonality, I see Bruce has picked up the sheet that's got that number on it, so he'll give it to you.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, I mean, Chris, obviously, the June and September quarters are always our strongest, up kind of mid single digits from that point of view. But again, as we've said in the past, it's very tough to -- when the variance is greater than the mean, it's tough to peg down to a seasonal. I think it is dependent exactly on what Tun said, and what is the consumer acceptance of this platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tun, I just wanted to make sure that, a clarification to Chris's question, when you talked about total revenue opportunity, was that on a per-phone basis or was that over the life of the entire progress? Because the S4 is expected to sell significantly more units than the S3, at least on our models.
Tunc Doluca: Well, we're -- I think that the way we answered the question was really about the whole -- what we expect for that customer. And it's not even just the phone. As Bruce pointed out pretty clearly, it's the phone, it's other platforms like the Note, tablets that they make. So I was really commenting about the opportunity size for us at our largest customer, not really being specific about the phone model.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And then guys, you always do a good job on the gross margin line. I'm just kind of curious, given how strong your position is at the high end of the smartphone market with Samsung, as you think about going after future growth opportunities, Tun, is there sort of a revenue at the device level below which the margin profile doesn't suit what you're trying to do? Or help me think about how gross margins will start to trend if you need to go down the stack of ASP's defined growth? Or is your integrated model as such that even at those ASPs, you can still put together pretty healthy gross margins?
Tunc Doluca: So essentially, we've picked the target gross margin for the whole company, 61% to 64%. And at those margins, we believe we can grow the business. So we thought that was a good balanced level. So we're going to go after basically segments or products where we can get the best return on our limited resources, which is engineering. And what I'm expecting is that our executive management pick the product areas that are the right one, and they're going to have a mix of gross margins. It's not going to be fixed. And I've always been -- I always steer away from giving a lower limit because that's where the margins end up. When you say we're not going to go below this number, that's what the business units begin to gravitate towards. So essentially, my direction to them is pick the products in the markets where we add enough value to create -- have returns that are the best returns for our limited resources in the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Let me just drill down on the utilization rates a bit. Bruce, I think you said you -- the front end was utilized 80%. Can you talk about if that's internal -- was that the internal utilization or does that include the outsourced manufacturing also? And then could you also comment on the back-end utilization, where those rates and how long does it take to ramp up capacity there?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. The 80% number we gave, which is where we were in the third quarter, that was for internal. And so those are the ones we track obviously to the extent that we have still about 50% of our fab outsourced. We view that clearly as a variable cost and therefore, utilization isn't as critical from an overhead absorption point of view. Internally, we're still kind of running in kind of the low 60s from a utilization point of view. That's a little bit misleading, because we have a whole series of kind of test platforms out there that kind of cover our entire product line. But from that point of view, I think we have adequate capacity from a test point of view. Recall in fiscal year '12, we've spent some capital dollars to add a new test floor at our facility in Cavite, Philippines. So I think we're very well positioned on the test side.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the infrared gesture recognition product that you have, is that a product for your largest customer only? Do you have design wins at other customers with that product?
Tunc Doluca: Actually, I have to admit that I don't know the answer to that question. We do -- we have introduced this to other customers, and I'm quite certain that they're going to be very interested in it. But if you asked me specifically, do I know if we'll win another customer, I don't. So we'll get back to you.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, I'll follow up with that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I don't want to continue to focus too much on this topic, but if you look at the largest customer and the socket you lost with the applications processor, was that lost on the -- was it internally or externally? And the reason I'm asking the question is because there's this great fare in the investment community that you're going to continue to lose sockets internally at Samsung. So if you could address that, that would be great.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So we know that we don't have that socket. I don't think it's appropriate for us to really comment on who essentially won it. But in terms of our design win opportunities at Samsung, we definitely have introduced a lot of new technologies to them. So we essentially have to win every socket on the merits of our products, and that has not changed. I mean, that's been the same for the last 5 or 6 years, and it's going to be that way going into the future as well. So what we find ourselves needing to do is to make sure that we've got products that are a lot of value added to the customer, and we essentially have to battle it out on every socket. And I think that what we're finding out is that we can always find new technologies, new product -- new classes of products that we didn't even have before, and we'll continue to win those sockets. And in the power management space, we've got a lot of IP in the company that many of our competitors, including chipset vendors like Samsung internal or Qualcomm or Broadcom, don't have. So I think that the company does have -- meaning Maxim, does have valuable IP that our customers value. And I think they're going to use us as long as we can supply that value to the customer. We are told that we know we're much faster than many of our competitors in getting this IP on a single chip, and our breadth of know-how in doing a lot of different functions is not matched by any other competitor. So I think we're in good shape. But the pressure is always there. I mean I have to accept that, too.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Tore, this is Bruce. Just -- we actually feel good that we now have this, what we call, this interface SoC or interface power management chip on every platform, right? We think from that point of view, we've identified an area where, as Tun said, we provide unique IP and a solution that Samsung is using across all of their platforms, plus the ability to integrate in the gesture sensor, future opportunities from a motion sensing point of view. I think we're -- again, we have to go to the areas where we can add value. The good news is there's a lot of growth in those areas and a lot of opportunities for us as a company.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's fair. And shifting gears, as my follow-up, the Industrial business is expected to be up quite a bit in the June quarter. Is that just a market bouncing back or do you actually have some market share gains or some new platforms that you're penetrating?
Tunc Doluca: Well, I think it depends on which fields you're looking at. I think in the general purpose fields -- I mean, in general purpose products or building block products, obviously, we do have a lot of good products. But the changes in that market or in those types of products don't occur very quickly, so it's really more correlated to what's happening in the overall economy of the world. But if you look at the other fields, more vertical product lines, we do have good wins. And we see particular strength in automotive, which I talked about in my prepared remarks. We also see strength in our metering business. So we -- what we feel we're seeing is in the ASSP markets, the signals come a lot quicker as to whether you're growing the business because of market share gains or not, and we are seeing that in that field. It is harder to absorb that in the building block area because it's a very slow-moving market. So on that one, it's hard for us to pin it down on areas that we're really winning.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from RBC.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You guys have been just moving a little bit away from sort of the demand drivers and looking at the cash flows that the company creates. Can you give us an idea of your priorities going forward? In the past, you've been pretty acquisitive looking for technologies. It does seem like you have a pretty broad suite of technology now. Do you still see those same opportunities in the market? And how should we think of your use of cash going forward?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Tun?
Tunc Doluca: Yes, let me talk about the technology, and Bruce can talk about the cash. So from a technology standpoint, we still do have our eyes open for technologies that are available to us to acquire instead of organically develop. Your observation is absolutely correct. It has slowed down. I think we hadn't done a major deal for 1.5 years now, maybe even longer. And your other observation is also correct. We've kind of rounded up what we needed in the past 4 or 5 years. But having said that, I've never been nave enough to say that we've got everything we need. Therefore, we still look around and look at tuck-in acquisitions where we can add either talent or kind of fill up our product portfolio with technologies that our customers say they need into the future. So acquisitions, tuck-in acquisitions have not come to an end even though we've gone through a dry spell. So when we see something, we want to be ready with enough cash on hand to be able to acquire technology that we need. And on the rest of that, I think, Bruce, you can comment.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Doug. So obviously in addition to kind of growing the business through these tuck-in acquisitions, obviously, we'll continue to pay our dividends, we're strongly committed to that. We're going to pay off the note in mid-June, right, the $300 million note, so we'll pay that off in mid-June. And then we're going to continue our buyback program, and that's always been a matrix-driven program. But I think kind of given the availability of funds, you may see that increase, dependent on market conditions, of course. But we think that's another opportunity to return cash to shareholders and drive value.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great for the color there. And Tun, one more for you, if I could. When I look at the markets in high-performance analog, it's quite often that technology change takes place and you've had to exit markets as the performance is no longer there. Are you seeing, in any of your markets, a situation that you can actually possibly go back and reengage in a market because the criteria in that market has changed? One that comes to mind for me is the fact that we're seeing notebooks reach down to such a low power level that it's almost becoming powered by a product similar to something we might see in a handset.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, we're -- okay, so you started the question as if it was general, but I understand now you're talking mostly about notebooks.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: No, it's both. But I'm just using that as an example to try to demonstrate the question.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. No, I think nothing's forever. I mean if we have a market that we've found no way to add value and exit, and then something changes and we can see that we can add value, we will absolutely go back and look at it and potentially reenter that market. So it's -- we'll make the right decisions depending on what the conditions are. The example you gave is a good one, and I'm glad that you picked that one actually because there are notebook-like products that are coming out, that are powered by processors that are not Intel processors, and their power requirements are quite different. And when the architecture looks more like a tablet or a smartphone and we can add value, we definitely will go after those sockets. And I think there are some that have come out, if you look at a tear-down, you probably would see Maxim products in them. So absolutely, we're -- we always have to have our eyes open and not write the market off just because it didn't look right at the time. It turns that now, it's a good market where analog and mixed signal performance is valued, we'll hop right back in there.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Gabriel Ho: So this is Gabriel Ho for Ambrish. Let me ask a question. Just a follow-up on the Sensors business, can you let us know what is your sensors as a percentage of Consumer segment?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So this is Bruce. So sensors today is very small. Obviously, it's just ramping today with the S4. So as a percent, it's small today.
Tunc Doluca: So I think, so if you take sensors, we can divide it and let me add a few more things to what Bruce said. It's -- Bruce is absolutely correct in terms of our optical sensors, it's pretty small, because it's just starting. But I think that it's got good potential for the future. We see many other things we can do actually with the technology we've developed. In motion sensors, in the Consumer space, we've got very small to almost nothing in terms of revenue. We have -- we're pretty much where we expected to be after we did the acquisition of SensorDynamics. We have successfully brought up the MEMS technology internally. We developed our first 3 degree of freedom products and introduced them and are shipping them actually to a customer now. We're well on our way with our first 6 degree of freedom products. These are -- this is where we have real performance differentiation we've demonstrated and confirmed that, by a few customers that really liked it. But it's kind of -- we don't talk about it right now because it's kind of early to talk about revenues because it's probably won't be before calendar year '14. So glad you asked this question. I wanted to talk about this, and it gave me an opportunity to do so. So the sensor space is an important investment area for the company, and I think it really provides a lot of value to the end consumer of the product. And there will be a lot of demand for these gadgets that we make to be an extension of us as human beings. So that's why we're investing in it and not much revenues. So it's a great potential for us to grow in the future.
Gabriel Ho: So as a follow-up, could you let us know or give us an update regarding your smartphone content opportunity, including the sensors?
Tunc Doluca: Well, so our -- I mean that's a pretty wide open subject that you're asking about. But what we see is when we look at our available market for -- and that does include sensors and everything else, currently we're approximately like 15% in some of our smartphone opportunity. So I mean, from that, you can probably derive what our estimate of the market size is. And it is -- that's what we estimate for the analog mixed signal, including sensor requirements, in the smartphone area. So, I mean, you can calculate it back from there.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator. This concludes Maxim Integrated's Conference Call. We'd like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim Integrated.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Venk Nathamuni - Managing Director, Investor Relations Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer Bruce Kiddoo - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Romit Shah - Nomura Securities John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Aashish Rao - Bank of America Ambrish Srivastava - BMO Atif Malik - Citigroup Craig Ellis - Riley Caris Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Shawn Webster - Macquarie Mark Lipacis - Jefferies Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research Christopher Danely - JPMorgan David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products' reports and results for second quarter of fiscal year 2013 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Venk Nathamuni, Managing Director, Investor Relations.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, and welcome everyone to Maxim Integrated's fiscal second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that, future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce Kiddoo: Thanks, Venk. I will review our second quarter financial results. Revenue for the second quarter was $605.3 million, down 3% from the first quarter. Our revenue mix by major market in Q2 was approximately 46% for consumer, 25% industrial, 15% communications and 14% computing. Our consumer business was down in all markets. Industrial was up slightly as weakness in general purpose products was offset by strengths in medical and smart meter vertical markets. Our communication business was down due to our telecom business and computing was down due to our notebook business. Gross margin, excluding special items, was 61.5%, down as expected from 63.4% in the prior quarter due to lower factory utilization. Special items in Q2 gross margin were intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Operating expenses, excluding special items were $216 million, up slightly from the prior quarter due to the full quarter impact of our annual compensation adjustment. Special items in Q2 operating expenses included the normal acquisition-related charges, plus charges for impairment of manufacturing equipment, restructuring and contingent consideration. Q2 GAAP operating income, excluding special items was $157 million or 26% of revenue. The Q2 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items was 19% compared to 21% in the prior quarter due to higher international mix of business. Special items in our Q2 tax provision were a result of this change in business mix. The Q2 tax rate does not include any benefit from the R&D tax credit, which became law in our fiscal Q3. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items was $0.42, down from $0.47 in Q1 due to lower revenue and gross margin. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter cash flow from operations was $255 million or 42% of revenue. This increased significantly over the prior quarter due to our annual employee bonus paid in September and a reduction in accounts receivable. Inventory was 101 days, down from 103 days in the prior quarter. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalogue distributors increased slightly from 51 days to 53 days due to lower resales. In dollar terms, channel inventory declined by 1%. Net capital additions totaled $51 million in Q2, down for the second consecutive quarter after significant investments in the prior fiscal year for long-term manufacturing capacity and new facilities. Share repurchases totaled $50 million in Q2 as we bought back 1.8 million shares. Finally, in Q2 we paid $70 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $105 million in the second quarter to just over $1 billion. Moving on to guidance. Our beginning Q3 backlog declined to $353 million. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q3 revenue of $580 million to $610 million or up 1% to down 4% from Q2. Q3 gross margin, excluding special items is estimated at 60% to 63%. Q2 fab utilization declined slightly due to lower demand and inventory management, impacting Q3 gross margin. Other variables that may influence Q3 gross margin include product mix and inventory reserves. Special items in Q3 gross margin are estimated at $8.5 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Q3 operating expenses, excluding special items are expected to be down 1% to 2%, consistent with revenue due to tight spending controls. Special items in Q3 operating expenses are estimated at $4 million for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential items that may occur during the quarter. Our Q3 and future tax rate, excluding special items is estimated at 15% to 20%. This is lower than our previously estimated long-term tax rate due to higher international mix of business. Special items in our Q3 tax provision will include the benefit of the R&D tax credit for prior periods. For Q3 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.39 to $0.43. Net capital expenditures in Q3 are expected to be flat with Q2. Finally, our Board of Directors havie approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.24 per share, approximately a 3% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I will now hand the call over to Tun to discuss our business.
Tun Doluca: Thank you, Bruce, and thank you all for joining our call, and good afternoon. Today, we're conducting this conference call from two locations. Bruce and Venk are in San Jose, California. Every year I spent two weeks in each continent, discussing our company direction and strategy with employees and soliciting their inputs. Today, I happen to be in Munich, Germany, as part of this global office visit. Let me start by highlighting three key December quarter's financial results. One, revenue was near the midpoint of the company's guidance range, despite the uncertain macro environment. This was due to the breadth of our products and the diversity of the end-markets that we serve. Two, the company continued to control operating expenses as OpEx increased very modestly, despite the full quarter impact over annual merit increase. And three, our tax rate declined by about 200 basis points sequentially, as we benefited from our international structure. We believe that the lower tax rate is sustainable and project a range of 15% to 20% in future quarters. Let me next turn to our just completed quarter and give you an overview of lead times and bookings. During the December quarter, our delivery lead times remain steady, but customer order lead times ticked up slightly from the prior quarter. Bookings decreased during the quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of less than 1. However, our bookings have improved appreciably since the beginning of the New Year. This resulted in a higher average weekly bookings rate in the first three weeks of the current quarter compared to the average for the prior quarter. I will next provide some color on our major markets. Let me start with consumer. The March quarter is traditionally weak in consumer. However, we expect above the seasonal trend and project consumer end-market revenue to be up, driven by strength from our mobility business. Our strategy is to continue to grow our mobility business by selling a diverse array of technologies across the diverse array of product platforms. To that effect, we have expanded our technology portfolio beyond power, such as sensors, touch and IO, and into platforms beyond smartphones, such as tablets and hybrid devices. At the Consumer Electronic Show earlier this month, we showcased several optical sensor products such as Ambient Light, Proximity, RGB, Infrared and Gesture Sensors for smartphones, tablets and hybrids. These sensor products feature accurate sensing with excellent signal-to-noise ratios and combined performance with lower power consumption. Overall, we remain positive about our prospects for continued growth from the smartphone and tablet end-markets. Second, let me discuss the industrial market. Our shipments were up slightly quarter-on-quarter in the December quarter. This result was better than industry since we improved delivery performance to customer request dates. We project March quarter industrial revenue to be down slightly as strength from the automotive end-market is offset by decline from the general purpose industrial categories. In automotive, the sequential strength is driven by production ramps as well as new design wins of our serial link products, which are beginning production at several customers. Additionally, we continue to gain traction with our RF tuners and power management products for automotive infotainment applications. Industrial has a broad customer base, buying primarily through the distribution channel. Following a few quarters of sequential declines, inventory days in the distribution channel increased quarter-on-quarter in the prior quarter. Days of inventory was 53 days at the end of the December quarter versus 51 days at the end of the September quarter. However, distribution inventory still remained below our target model of 65 days. I would like to point out that we remain excited about our industrial business. Let me refresh you on our differentiated strategy within industrial. Roughly half the business is focused on targeted vertical markets that require ASSP solutions, while the other half is focused on the general purpose market. The ASSP approach entails providing high levels of integration in select end-market segments such as automotive, smart meters and medical. Here, we develop system-on-a-chip or SoC solutions for specific applications. We believe we are well positioned to continue our growth momentum in this ASSP business. Turning to the other half of our industrial business, the General-Purpose Analog segment features high performance analog building blocks. This segment has served predominantly through distribution. This business is highly correlated to the macro economy, which should enable us to fully participate in a global economic recovery as and when it unfolds. I would also like to take this opportunity to highlight the five-year anniversary of our global engagement with our distribution partner Avnet. Since the commencement of our partnership in the December quarter of 2007, the Avnet collaboration has enabled us to engage with over 5,600 new customers and delivered significant growth in design wins. The revenue resulting from distributor design registrations has grown steadily. This revenue grew 133% in fiscal '11, 59% in fiscal '12 and is expected to grow over 77% in fiscal '13. I will quote, Harley Feldberg, President, Avnet Electronics, Global Marketing; he said, although the market environment has not been our friend, our Maxim sales over the last few years have clearly outgrown the balance of our business. As a result of all these factors, we believe we remain well positioned in the industrial market. Third, let me cover communications. We project revenue to be down during the March quarter. We expect an increase in business from the base station and femtocell end-markets, offset by weakness from traditional telecom. We have seen market strength in indoor small cell deployments mainly in the form of 3G consumer femtocells, with momentum gaining for enterprise femtocell deployments. We continue to play a key role in the development of this market with our high performance, high integration, RF transceiver solutions. In the December quarter, we saw a strength in both orders from our existing femtocell engagements as well as new design win activity. Maxim is positioned to capitalize on the growth of small cells, as this technology develops over the next several years in the consumer, enterprise and outdoor markets. We have technology to deliver highly integrated solutions across a broad range of product lines, such as power management, optical and RF transceivers. This will help drive system-level benefit that enable next generation networks for improved coverage, capacity and lower power consumption. Fourth, in the computing market, revenues will be down significantly with a decline in notebook computers. In closing, we remain positive about our prospects for sustained growth from the smartphone and tablet end-markets. And believe, we are well positioned for long-term growth in the industrial and communication major markets. We will continue to focus on delivering products and technologies that provide highly differentiated solutions to our customers. I'll now turn the call back to Venk.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Tun. That's the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. Operator, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Securities.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities: Just looking at the guidance, you guys have a very good track record of making your numbers, so forgive me for asking this question. But the turns requirement goes from $200 million in the December period to I think $240 million, $245 million in the March period. Can you help us get comfortable with a step-up in turns for this quarter?
Bruce Kiddoo: You're right. We're currently at about 59%, both going into the quarter compared to, say, 64% a year ago or so. Our largest customer, obviously everybody knows they sort of manage inventory and bookings in the December quarter, and then that business typically increases in the March quarter. And as we've indicated, we're actually forecasting consumer to be up in the March quarter and consumers are our high-turns business. And I guess, the final point there is, as Tun indicated, we have seen strong booking so far quarter-to-date. So while there is a little bit higher turns than normal, we are confident that kind of based on that mix of business and our history and the ability to turn and have product staged from a supply chain point of view, we're comfortable in our guidance. And as you said at the beginning of your question, we take a lot of pride in hitting our numbers and guiding to what we think the most likely number is.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities: And then just, Tun, a question for you, with the expanded product portfolio you talked about, sensors and touch and audio, all these things going in the mobile. How do we think about the impact of your average content per phone this year and what impact that might have in driving the mobile business?
Tun Doluca: As I said, we've got some new technologies that we introduced and those technologies are received well by our customers. So those will absolutely be able to help us to increase our content and maybe more importantly diversify the technology that we sell in this market from really being predominantly power to other components inside of the handsets. In terms of the ASPs that we get per phone, we really prefer not to comment on that, because it really varies a lot from phone-to-phone and it's really difficult to pin it down frankly. In addition to that we are also finding some of the components we sell are now going into different types of equipment, the same product might sell into tablets, it might sell into notes or which are kind of between a tablet and a phone. And therefore it is getting more difficult for us to exactly pin down where these products are going. So, Romit, we kind of preferring not to talk about, what ASPs we're getting per phone, because it doesn't make sense, there is so much variation in it now.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities: Last question, just you mentioned design wins for new model launch is in mobility. I guess as you look at the highest volume opportunities for Maxim. Are you pleased with the level of design wins as compared to what you got in the previous generation?
Tun Doluca: If you look at the design wins that we're getting, they're good compared to the previous generation. And I said they're also not just power now, which is nice. And we're glad to see also that the major supplies that we sell into is also doing well in the market, so those are all positives for us. And those are the reasons that we're really optimistic about this year and the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Maybe as a follow on to Romit's question, Tun, as you think about kind of the non-power area in the consumer market, how much revenue could that be as a percent of the total bucket by the end of this year? And Bruce, as sort of the non-power products start to grow is there any sort of margin implication that we should be thinking about?
Tun Doluca: Well, these new wins we're getting, obviously are incremental to power, in terms of the totaled available in a phone, if you include all of the components we're talking about, include all the optical and all of the other components we mentioned, I mean, yes, almost equivalent to what you get in power. So they're sizeable, but we will not be able to get all of that in one year by the way. So we talked about optical sensors, we talked about motion. I think we're going to see significant revenues from optical increasing this year, but if you look at motion for example that's probably most likely in 2014.
Bruce Kiddoo: And to your question, John, you're question about margin impact, whenever there is innovation and we're delivering products that are new to the marketplace, and I think you're going to see around some of these optical sensors some highly innovative products. Generally, when we're delivering value to our customers, we're able to maintain a good margin on that business. And so I think to the extent that we're moving beyond power. I actually think sensors, our audio, generally that's a positive thing from a margin point of view, and fundamentally allows us to maintain the margin structure that's kind of 61%, 64% that we've been able to achieve very consistently over the last couple of years.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And then, Bruce, as my follow-up, you talked about fab utilization declining slightly in the fiscal second quarter. Kind of curious, are we now at a trough in utilization, and how much of a hit to margins are you taking because of under-utilization today?
Bruce Kiddoo: We do think this was the low point certainly from a fab utilization point of view. The F18 or 180 nanometer qualification in San Antonio was successful, that is ramping, and started to ramp in the Q2, the December quarter. It's going to ramp significantly in the March quarter. So we do expect utilization to increase in the March quarter from a fab point of view. I think you saw the impact of that, right when we kind of went down 200 bps in the December quarter. We're in essence that the midpoint guiding gross margin flat in the March quarter, and that's really because, you still sort of have that bottom from a utilization point of view in December, which will put some pressure on gross margin, that's offset by the increasing utilizations in the March quarter. So overall, we've got the gross margin flat, but clearly utilizations are improving.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Covello from Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs: This is Gabriela Borges on behalf of Jim Covello. I wanted to ask about the consumer part of the business, I was hoping you could expand upon the better than seasonal expectation for 1Q. Is that a broad based customer dynamic, and are there any Maxim specific drivers in the quarter that you think can help buck the trend?
Tun Doluca: So in the consumer market we're projecting growth, which just kind of not normal in the general marketplace for this. Essentially we're expecting increase, driven from our major customer. They've gone through the inventory corrections basically in the December quarter. And as a result of that we're expecting to get more revenues as they sell-through the smartphones and the note, and several other models in this quarter. The other pieces which are small enough for us are actually declining, what we call that home entertainment and appliance. But our consumer business is now very highly dominated buy mobility. So we're really being helped by the fact that the inventory corrections are over for Samsung and we're seeing ramps again from them for their major lines of phones.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs: And then just as the follow-up, if I may. Last quarter you mentioned that distributors were reluctant to begin restocking, given the uncertain macro environment. I was hoping if you could give us an update on what you're hearing from distributors today in terms of inventory?
Bruce Kiddoo: The days of inventory actually did go up from 51 days to 53 days, but that was actually really driven by retails going down, inventory in absolute dollar terms actually declined by about 1% in the quarter. So we're still hearing some level of caution from our distributors, certainly from an inventory point of view. That said, we are seeing some good retail forecast, primarily in our industrial markets through distribution, really which is the U.S. and EMEA, where our partner there is Avnet. So from that point of view, we're starting to see some pickup in end-demand and resale. I don't think they're going to restart significantly. I think they're going allow inventory, they'll manage that along with the increase in demand at this point in time. So I don't think we're seeing a big restocking. I think they're still cautious at that point of view at this time. And now we're just kind of waiting and see if there is continued momentum with what we're seeing early in the quarter around in resales.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aashish Rao from Bank of America.
Aashish Rao - Bank of America: Tun, when you look at the smartphone supplier landscape, most of the other suppliers are in the 45% to 50% or so gross margin range. What are the long-term risks of Maxim being able to maintain the current 60% or so levels, especially given the shrinking pool of handset OEMs?
Tun Doluca: Well, this is all really a function of whether if supplier can provide the types of features and the types of benefits that those customers want. And what we're finding is that we as a company really have the technology and we have the design capabilities to be able to provide these technologies. And if you're really the main supplier for these types of performance, then you can continue to get the types of margins that we're used to. If you look around most of the suppliers that have are not able to get the types of margins that we are, they're usually building block type suppliers and there is more sources for those. Whereas if you look at us, most of our revenue in this space is coming now from these highly integrated, very complex products that are difficult to do. And we're successful because we have the broadest library of IP. We have industry-leading integration capabilities in this space. We have very fast development cycle times, even though these are very complex chips. And we've also build this trust between us and our partner customers over years of working together and successfully delivering the products that we need to. So if we continue to do that we'll be able to get to the level of margins that help us out. And I think the main difference between the companies you're comparing us to is the fact that we're doing very specialized complex ICs and most of the other companies that are in the market are essentially building, building-block type products.
Aashish Rao - Bank of America: And then one question also, when I look at your outsource wafer mix, I mean, it used to be like 10% four years ago, now it's probably 50% or so. How has this changed affective to production cycle times, and is this a reason that could be causing the tickup in customer order lead times? I mean can you talk about how you managed this change internally and any actions that you can take to reign in the customer order lead times?
Tun Doluca: First of all the customer order lead time uptick was very slight, and you can get this pretty easily, if there is a mix change in the ordering patterns. I mean, for instance, because of the inventory correction that Samsung made, if they reduced their orders that quarter, they had very short lead times and the others customers and longer ones, so that things like that have an effect on order lead times. We really wouldn't read anything into the slight changes that we mentioned. The other part of your question was is our manufacturing in our partner fabs is that changing of our cycle times? It really isn't. I mean, internally and externally we're achieving pretty good cycle times from our wafer fabs. So that really is not affecting our manufacturing cycle time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO: Tun, could you just talk about the progress of the integration SoC approach in the non-mobile segment? And then where do you see that percentage in calendar '13 versus calendar '12, based on design wins. And then I have a follow-up as well, please.
Tun Doluca: So if you look at our major markets, in each one of these markets we actually have some efforts in terms of providing highly integrated products to our customers. We already spoke a lot about the mobility market. But if we turn to other markets like industrial, there is some verticals that we will do benefit from the types of integrated products we can make. And good examples are in the smart meter applications. We provide very highly integrated products. We also do so in financial terminals. In automotive we're providing these highly integrated products, for example, for receivers, for satellite, for power management products to power the infotainment systems. We're also providing such products in the comms market. I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, where we make transceivers that really convert RF-to-Bits and vice versa in small base stations and sent-to applications. Similar products in our fiber communications products, very high integration that not only do the analog transmissions, but also can do all the calibration on chip with onboard microcontrollers and so on. So what we're seeing is that in many areas, in communications, in automotive and so on there is a need for the types of products that we make. And we're seeing customers really asking for these solutions from us, because they're really asking for partners, instead of compliment suppliers. In terms of the percentage of our business that's highly integrated, that's been steadily rising and it was in the mid-teens, maybe in 2007. It's increased significantly. And if you look at because of the mobility business has grown significantly as well, we've gotten all the way to the mid-40s or so in recent quarters, in terms of highly integrated products from coming and adding to our revenue. So we're pretty happy with our progress in the space, not just in mobility but in all of our other markets as well.
Ambrish Srivastava - BMO: Then my follow-up was on the actually unrelated. You talked about diversification away from power. Could you please address diversification of customers? And so these, new wins whether in tablets or in sensors, are you getting it outside of Samsung or they are mostly with Samsung?
Tun Doluca: Obviously part of our strategy was to be able to diversify as much as we could our customer base as well. But as all of you know two suppliers that really dominated that market in recent years. So that made it a little bit difficult for us. If you look at our diversification, some of it is really extending into other types of mobile products in our largest customer like a note or a tablet at that customer. But also some of it is design wins at other customers, but only time will show, which models and which customers are going to be successful. So we're doing our best to be able to sell through multiple customers, but in the end, the market determines where consumers are going to determine who is the more successful one. So as I said some of our wins in diversifications within through largest customer, but some of them are at other customers as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citigroup.
Atif Malik - Citigroup: Your top consumer customer stocking about 50% year-over-year smartphone growth this year, and I wanted to know what this means for the full year outlook for your consumer business and outside of that top customer if you can talk about your penetrations in terms of content and share it with other customers.
Bruce Kiddoo: First of all, I think part of your question was what's their outlook for the smartphone business for next year. Actually, it's really difficult for us to project that. It's tough to see which models are going to succeed, which customer is going to be the ones who take market share and so on so. In the past, and most likely in the future, we're really going to reframe from talking about anything but the current quarter in terms of forecast, in terms of giving numbers. Your other question I think already answered, it was asked by the previous caller, unless they misunderstood it, maybe you can restate the second question?
Atif Malik - Citigroup: Just wanted to know outside of that top customer, can you talk about your positioning at the other handset makers and customers?
Tun Doluca: Well, we've got activities going on with all of the handset customers that are on the list frankly. And if you'll look at all of those customers and we've got various wins in them. But in general, we respect that these customers really don't like us talking about our design wins in their particular phones. And we essentially have to wait until some tear down, tells investors and our competitors actually as well, where we've won stock. So I'm afraid, I won't be able to comment on where the wins are, at what customer until we see them publicly in a tear down. And the good news is that these things get tear down reports almost instantly when they get into the market. So it's easy to see.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from Riley Caris.
Craig Ellis - Riley Caris: A little bit loner-term, Bruce, you mentioned that utilization looks like it probably bottomed in the December timeframe. And it sounds like, it moved up as we go through this quarter about a flat year-on-year profile. Can you just help us with some of the gives and takes as we think about gross margin dynamics from here, whether its activities with new fabs or fabs that are coming out or anything that would be related to mix?
Bruce Kiddoo: I mean, I do think in the near-term it is all about utilization. That's the largest single factor. And as we've said, right, as the fabs, I think the December quarter was sort of the low end. That even independent of demands, because we've now got S18, fully 180-nanometer process, fully qualified in San Antonio, so that's starting to ramp, so I think that will provide a benefit for the March quarter and going forward as well. Certainly, to the extent that demands picks up and specifically around industrial, and so kind of the early momentum that we're seeing now, certainly, we should get that continues bode well because of most of our industrial is done internally, up in our Oregon fab. And certainly to the extent, we see a recovery overall in the industrial business that will be helpful from a gross margin as well. The other items, as far as inventory reserves and mix, they aren't the as big of a contributions to sort of the quarter-to-quarter variances in gross margin. And I guess it's not to leave out the backend guys, I think we're also looking for improvements in that utilization as well. As we move forward certainly in the March quarter, as we sort of reduced inventories in the December quarter, and we managed due to this lower demand environment.
Craig Ellis - Riley Caris: And then the follow-up question is for Tun. Tun has spend a lot of time on the consumer business, I have one follow-up issue, think about growth year, this year and we think about Maxim's skull to grow better than his peer group. We should think about growth in consumer this year, is that growth going to be driven more by power management, or will it be driven more by the new products, the sensors and the audio codec's that moving into your portfolio and being dissented by your customers?
Tun Doluca: Well, that's really actually not that easy to predict. But I would venture to guess that we will have some significant additions because of the sensor products this year. But as I said to previous caller, essentially I think again this year the power will be the largest portion of our sales. Again, this somewhat depends on, which models are successful in the market, because in some phones or tablets or phablets, we've got more power content, in others another we have more additional sensor products. So it kind of also depends on which model is going to be successful. I'm not trying to be evasive here, we really just exactly don't know, which one of these models are going to be the big hits.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Question first on the consumer side, in general if you guys give the percentage that Samsung represented of sales and then I guess as we look forward a little bit the last two year's have been very hyper seasonal, which is pretty typical in that business with the June and September quarters rising significantly. Anything that would smooth that out or be different this year, new products coming to the mix, et cetera that we should be aware of thinking as the year progresses?
Bruce Kiddoo: What was the first half of your question, I was listening to the second.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Samsung percentage of sales, if you're willing to give it for the quarter?
Bruce Kiddoo: No, as you know from our 10-K point of view we disclosed that annually, and as Tun indicated many of our customers don't like to for us to give that information out. So no, we won't disclose that. And as for as that business continuing to grow overtime, certainly our view is for the reasons that Tun talked about, right, I mean, we do expect to continue to grow our mobility business. We have a significant, both increased technology on increased platforms both that our largest customer and other customers, and it's certainly our goal long-term to continue to grow our business at our largest customers from that point of view. So I think at a high level we're optimistic to peg exact numbers, as Tun said that's very hard to do.
Tun Doluca: I think, if I heard you right, you were also asking about is there anything special in seasonality that we expect to see? Did I get that right?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: With the sensors coming on et cetera, I know that the seasonality of new product launches from your customers obviously drives revenue but given that you have the sensor portfolio ramping up et cetera, I didn't know if there is any difference in timing.
Tun Doluca: I think it will still follow the seasonality of our customer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie: Couple of clarifying question, actually on the restructuring charge that you took in the quarter, what exactly was that? And does that affect your equipped capacity in revenue dollars?
Bruce Kiddoo: So the restructuring charge, the bulk of that was related to the impairment of some factory tooling. It was primarily in the testers and handlers' point of view, and this was really just on some older products where the end-demand has declined.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie: You said that your utilization rates were or had bottomed in December. Can you share with us what your utilization rates were? And then I had another quick one on tax.
Tun Doluca: Yeah, fab utilizations were around 72% which was down just a couple of points probably from the September quarter.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie: And then the guidance for tax for the March quarter, the 15% to 19%, is that inclusive of the catch-up effect and if so, what would the June effective tax rate be?
Bruce Kiddoo: The new guidance we gave of 15% to 20% does not include the catch up. So because that's sort of a one-time event and as an indicative of kind of our long-term trend, we'll exclude that as a special item. We do expect that to be roughly around $7.5 million, so that it will be about a five point benefit to the GAAP tax rate, but that's not part of, as I said. We'll exclude that benefit from the 15%to 20%. On a go-forward basis, the R&D tax credit gives us about one point benefit on a quarterly basis. So that 15% to 20% tax rate does take into account sort of the go-forward benefit of about 1% on the tax rate, but does not include the catch up. Does that make sense?
Shawn Webster - Macquarie: The GAAP guidance you gave of $0.39 to $0.43 includes at $7.5 million benefit?
Bruce Kiddoo: Yes, it does. And that's why the GAAP guidance is the same as the GAAP ex-SEI. We have our normal intangibles in there, but we get the benefit of the one-time catch up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: The question on the Gesture product, can you give us a sense of where you are and the design cycle and design win cycle, when the product goes into production systems? And also can you give us a sense on the relative opportunities you think there isn't it in the Gesture product versus the seven optical sensor package, that you started shipping last year.
Tun Doluca: So the Gesture products essentially, we've made this product. We've developed them. We sampled them. There is active design wins going on. And essentially, it's an interesting technology, obviously, for our customers, because they're actively working, I mean, to designs. In terms of the size of the opportunity, we actually are better-off not sharing that because it's very competitive information, in terms of what they sell for and so on. But it is a very nice technology. And as I said our customers are highly interested in these products.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: And is it going into production systems this year? Is that what you meant when you said you had active design wins?
Tun Doluca: Yes. So we expect revenue from these Gesture Sensors in calendar year '13.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies: And then a follow-up question if I may. Tun, you talked about improving orders in January versus December, and I'd missed it, if you'd quantify it that would be great. But other than that the question would be, we've heard this from some other companies, is this people just coming back from vacation or holiday and starting to order again or do you think something else is going on?
Tun Doluca: We actually did not quantify how much bookings had improved. We just said that it gone up appreciably from the previous quarter. We think that it's really not in our customers just coming back from vacation, kind of broke it down, I think in terms of mobility businesses and especially our largest customer, they've done their inventory correction and now they need parts. So they are ordering those. And I think in the other markets, we're also seeing some strength, especially from distributors and so on. So it doesn't feel like it is just then coming back from vacation or holidays.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: I wanted to ask on inventories. I know you talked about it a little bit, but did you say how much your distributor inventories changed in dollars or days? And then can you also comment on, whether you think destocking has been happening at OEMs and by any particular end market?
Bruce Kiddoo: The days of inventory actually, we had increased two days. They went from 51 to 53 days out in the channel. But that was really due to the denominator, right it was, resales went down. The actual inventory in dollars actually went down 1% from that point of view. So we have seen that basically, I'll say a very little change. And to your question, we haven't really seen any kind of active restocking at this point in time. I think there seems some uptick in end demand. So we're seeing that into those forecasts from a resales point of view, but I think people are going to wait and make sure this is a solid trend before they start restocking.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets: And then just as a follow up, can you give us any thoughts on first OpEx trends over the next three or four quarters as we look out to the calendar year? And then secondly kind of what your priorities are for roughly $250 or $300 million of cash you'll generate after dividends this year?
Bruce Kiddoo: I think from an OpEx point of view, you've seen we've done a pretty good job, right. OpEx was up very, very modestly in the December quarter, even though we had kind a full quarter impact of our annual merit process. This quarter, we're actually going to take OpEx down 1% to 2% due to the just tight spending controls and actually in line with the decline in revenue. I think going forward our plan is about growing OpEx at some rate slower than revenue. I think we're going to be very cautious. We will continue to invest in key technologies. We will continue to invest in our growth opportunities. I mean, we're a technology company. We live up off of innovation. So we will do that. And that said, we are being kind of very active from our portfolio management point of view. You probably noticed that we sold off a video processing product lines at the end of year. We sold off two businesses last year, so I think you'll see from a modeling point of view, I think you can assume we'll continue to a good job managing our OpEx. We'll try very hard to grow at slower than revenue. And not to get out in front of any expected upticks in the market. As far as cash goes, I think we're going to continue to maintain the uses of cash that we have and that is we'll continue to do our tuck-in acquisition. We haven't done one in a while. That's not to say, we're not out there looking. We still have an active funnel and so we'll continue to do that and look for opportunities there, still strongly committed to our dividends. Obviously, we increased that 9% last year. We're still at about a 3% dividend yield. And then finally, the buyback, and looking forward sort of our metrics approach to buying back our stock. So as a company, we're still strongly committed to returning the cash to shareholders. We have our target of 15% to 20%. We were 21% in the last fiscal year. This year, year-to-date, I think we're right around 20%. So that commitment we're continuing to follow through on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Feeney from Longbow Research.
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research: One question more on the mobility side, so you talked about new design wins in tablets and hybrids. So I guess, the first question, if these are new and so I wouldn't imagine significant revenues are going to come along. But perhaps you could give us sense of how much you expect that to develop into, say, by the end of the year? How notable that would be? And then secondly related to that given your wins in hybrids, does this signal perhaps a renewal of interest in notebooks. I mean, particularly the ultra thin variety of notebooks.
Bruce Kiddoo: Well, I'll take the last question first. When we say hybrids, we're really just talking about those handhelds that are kind of really large phones or really small tablets. And the comments would really not related to notebook computer class, or I'd call them more like products with keyboards, I guess are notebooks, so that's the family that we're talking about, when we say hybrids. The amount of revenue we get from each one of these, it really varies from model-to-model. And even though, we've won these designs as I know, you're trying to predict how much revenue in each class we would get, but that's really hard for us to do. And as I said before, and there are cases where we've got the same product actually going into multiple versions of these types of parts. So it's really tough for us to predict, what the volumes are going to be of these three classes of products. But I mean large-size phones are selling very well. And traveling in Europe right now, and I see it on people using them, they looked too large to me, and I preferred the smaller screen sizes. But they are pretty popular. And we've got design wins with those models, as well as those ones that are tablet or somewhere in between. So to really cut to the chase, it's really tough for us to be able to tell which ones of these are going to be successful.
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research: And then the follow-up on the industrial side, you've mentioned now a couple of times signs of returning momentum. I'm wondering if you could be more specific about those signs or what you're seeing in order trends, perhaps by the type of industrial market, and perhaps any insight you might have into the end demand of some of the larger customers with whom you deal directly.
Bruce Kiddoo: So I think a couple of areas we've talked about sort of how we split our industrial business. Half of it is in some verticals and the other half is general purpose. Within the verticals, we think our automotive business we expect to be up nicely in the March quarter and we've seen the bookings to support that. And so I think we're positive out there. On the general side, I think we're clearly seeing the bookings coming out of and really when we think about our industrial business, that's really a U.S. and Europe are the two largest areas where our partners is Avnet there. And again I think we're seeing some good orders coming out of those markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Christopher Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: Given the current mix of business, what should we be thinking about as a normal seasonality going forward after the March quarter for the rest of the calendar year?
Bruce Kiddoo: It's real hard for us to predict that. I think Tun had the famous comment on an earlier call that when the variances is greater than the main, it's really hard to say that's something you can peg to. So from that point of view, when we look at, say, like the March quarter, right, if you just look at the numbers on a five-year average is down 5%. That said, it goes from anywhere from a down 17 to an up 7. So from that point of view, there is huge variance. Generally speaking, when we look at the June quarter, that's June and September, are usually our better quarters out of the four. But so much is determined on what's happening from a macro point of view.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: So if we assume that if you look at your calendar Q2 or fiscal Q4 is usually up in the mid-to-high single digit. So could you assume that we'll get back above the revenue that you guys had in Q1 of this fiscal year. Can we assume that gross margins would go back into the 61.5% to 62% range? Is there anything else that would be changing that dynamic?
Bruce Kiddoo: I think what really is going to drive the gross margin is utilizations. And as we've said just getting the S1A qualified in San Antonio and ramping is probably the biggest factor. The second factor will be an uptick in industrial business. So that will help about the Oregon factory. And so those are the really the two key things, obviously, as revenue increases, that's helpful, but it's sort of a mix of revenue matters as well.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of David Wong from Wells Fargo Securities.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities: Can you give us an idea of what percentage of your revenues in the December quarter were from the smartphones specifically? And when you said you expect consumer to grow because of mobility, but then noted things outside smartphones, do smartphones grow or do smartphones go down in the March quarter in your expectations?
Bruce Kiddoo: So we talked about consumer was 46% of revenue and smartphones are probably about three quarter of that or so. So there is still major increase there. As far as consumer being up in the March quarter, certainly as Tun kind of indicated in his prepared comments, we do expect to see some growth in the smartphone area. Our largest customer does their inventor correction in the December quarter and both across all of their platforms, whether it's smartphones or hybrids or tablets. We're expecting to see growth there as well, so definitely growth in smartphones in the March quarter.
Venk Nathamuni: That concludes the call. Thank you, operator. This concludes Maxim Integrated conference call. We'd like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim Integrated.
Operator: Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-10-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Venk Nathamuni Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tunc Doluca - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ryan Carver - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Sameer Kalucha - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Fiscal 2013 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Venk Nathamuni, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Maxim Integrated's Fiscal First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Venk. I will review our first quarter financial results. Revenue for the first quarter was $623 million, up 3% from the fourth quarter. Our revenue mix by major market in Q1 was approximately 47% for Consumer, 24% Industrial, 15% Communications and 14% Computing. Our Consumer business was up strongly due to smartphones. Industrial was down due to broad-based weakness. Our Communication business was down to our Fiber Optics business, and Computing was down due to our notebook and peripherals businesses. Gross margin, excluding special items, was 63.4%, up from 63% in the prior quarter. Special items in Q1 gross margin were intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Operating expenses, excluding special items, were $213 million, down slightly from the prior quarter. The one month impact of our annual compensation adjustment was offset by spending controls. Special items in Q1 operating expenses included the normal acquisition-related charges, plus a minor impairment charge for buildings held for sale. Q1 GAAP operating income, excluding special items, was $182 million or 29% of revenue. The Q1 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 21%, compared to 20% in the prior quarter. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.47, up from $0.45 in Q4 due to higher revenue and gross margin. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, cash flow from operations was $137 million. This is lower than normal levels, as we pay our annual employee bonus for the prior fiscal year in Q1. Inventory was 103 days, up from 99 days in the prior quarter, as we focus on improving delivery performance to our customers. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalog distributors, declined from 53 days to 51 days, well below our target of approximately 65 days. In dollar terms, channel inventory declined by 2%. Net capital additions totaled $57 million in Q1, down significantly from Q4, as we are completing investments in long-term manufacturing capacity and new facilities. Share repurchases totaled $65 million in Q1, as we bought back 2.5 million shares. Finally, in Q1, we paid $70 million in dividends to our shareholders. This is a 9% increase over the $64 million paid in the prior quarter. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments decreased by $31 million in the first quarter to $925 million. Moving on to guidance. Our beginning Q2 backlog increased to $400 million. Based on this beginning backlog and lower expected turns, we forecast Q2 revenue of $595 million to $625 million, or down 2% from Q1 at the midpoint. Q2 gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated at 60% to 63%, down from Q1 due to lower utilization. Q1 fab utilization was down as expected, due to a process technology transition impacting both Q1 and Q2 gross margin. Q2 test utilization is expected to be down, due to lower revenue and planned inventory reduction due to the uncertain environment. Other variables that may influence Q2 gross margin include product mix and inventory reserves. Special items in Q2 gross margin are estimated at $8.5 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Q2 operating expenses, excluding special items, are expected to be up around 2% sequentially. The increase in OpEx is due primarily to higher compensation costs for the full quarter impact of our annual merit process. Special items in Q2 operating expenses are estimated at $4 million for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential items that may occur during the quarter. Our Q2 in fiscal year '13 tax rate, excluding special items, is estimated at 20% to 22%. For Q2 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.39 to $0.43. Capital expenditures in Q2 are expected to increase slightly over Q1 due to investments in new technologies. Finally, our Board of Directors has approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.24 per share, approximately a 3.7% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I'll now hand the call over to Tun to discuss our business.
Tunc Doluca: Thank you, Bruce, and thank you all, for joining our call, and good afternoon. Let me start by highlighting 3 key September quarter financial results: One, revenue came in above the midpoint of the company's guidance despite the tough macro environment. This was driven by continued strong growth in our mobility business. Two, gross margin was near the high end of the target model of 61% to 64%. Gross margin increased 40 basis points from the prior quarter to 63.4%. Three, the company continued to control operating expenses, given the uncertain macro environment and held OpEx roughly flat. As a result, operating margin rose 150 basis points quarter-on-quarter to 29%. We delivered higher earnings per share than projected. Let me next turn to our just-completed quarter and give you an overview of lead times and bookings. During the September quarter, our delivery lead times remained steady, but customer order lead times declined slightly from the prior quarter. Bookings increased nevertheless, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1. Our guidance reflects our forecast of the normal, end-of-the-year inventory adjustments at our top customer, as well as the uncertain macro environment. I will next provide some color on our major markets. Let me start with Consumer. We expect this market to be flat, as Maxim's increased dollar content in Galaxy S III and ramp of other smartphone models at our top customer is offset by their typical end-of-the-year inventory adjustment. As we stated during our recent Investor Day event, we sell our Power SoC chipset for the Galaxy S III which provides all power management, charging and USB multiplexing requirements, as well as the power management for the applications processor and in some models, the baseband processor. Beyond smartphones, we continue to gain significant traction at multiple customers in tablets, as recent wins for battery management, USB multiplexing and power management are expected to be ramping up in production during the December quarter. Finally, we won new designs for our sensor and display power products across several smartphone and tablet models at multiple customers. These products will also be starting production in the current quarter. Second, let me discuss the Industrial market. We project December quarter Industrial revenue to be down, driven by broad-based market weakness. Industrial has a broad customer base, buying predominantly through the distribution channel. Inventory in the distribution channel declined sequentially, with days of inventory at 51 days at the end of the September quarter, well below our target model. This market tends to be highly correlated with macroeconomic trends and is thus experiencing weakness at this time. As discussed during our Investor Day meeting, we're executing our strategy of analog integration in select industrial end-market segments. One example is in the smart metering segment. Here, we introduced our Zeus system-on-a-chip, or SoC, which combines highly accurate measurement, multiple layers of security, and processing horsepower to support multiple advanced communications protocols. Zeus provides a platform for any embedded smart grid equipment that needs to measure, to communicate and to do it securely. We continue to expect long-term growth in the smart meter segment, as more meters convert from using discrete solutions to using SoC solutions. In the Medical segment of our Industrial business, we announced we will be demonstrating at Electronica a vital signs monitoring shirt that enables lower cost and more convenient heart monitoring. While we are not selling medical shirts, this shirt does showcase our ability to define and then provide system solutions with medical partners. It measures 3 lead electrocardiogram signals, body temperature and activity levels and transmits this information to smartphone -- to a smartphone using a Bluetooth connection and is powered by a rechargeable battery. All diagnostic tools are packaged in this shirt that is comfortable to wear. According to industry research, the market for wearable devices will reach more than 100 million units annually by 2016. These devices will enable greater detail of tracking, monitoring and care, often through connections provided by mobile phones. Third, let me cover Communications. We project revenue to be flat during the December quarter. We expect a slight uptick in business from the base station in femtocell end markets, offset by weakness from traditional telecom. Longer term, we expect strong adoption of small cells, as most major operators are either deploying, or committing to deploy femtocells, with small cells expected to be rolled out starting in 2013. Maxim Integrated has a leading market share in femtocells due to high integration and high-performance transceiver offerings. Our strategy is to leverage our success in femtocells to the small cell market. Our Communications customers' customers, who are the network operators, care about delivering a next-generation network that has improved coverage, capacity and consumes less power in the process. Our capability to deliver highly integrated solutions across a broad range of technologies, such as power management, optical, and RF transceivers will help drive system-level benefits that enable these networks of the future. Fourth, in the Computing market, revenues will be down significantly with a decline in notebook computers. In closing, we're undoubtedly in a period of uncertainty in the macro environment, in which we have no control. We will focus on levers we do have control over at Maxim Integrated. First and foremost, deliver products and technologies that provide highly differentiated solutions to our customers; and second, control spending during periods of softness, but not at the expense of future growth. I will now turn the call back to Venk.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Tun. That's the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. Operator, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Securities.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Bruce, could you talk a little bit about smartphones in Q4? You mentioned that Samsung would burn inventory this quarter. I'm curious how your other handset customers are performing?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. In the December quarter, our smartphone business is going to be up slightly and fundamentally, that's -- Samsung is going to go through its normal inventory correction, but that's being offset by strength for their current products and some new offerings this quarter. Our other smartphone customers are going to be up slightly this quarter.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just switching gears. Tun could we get some more color from you on the rollout of small cells next year, which regions specifically are you seeing the rollout and could you give us a sense of how much content Maxim has in one of these devices?
Tunc Doluca: Sure. So let me give you a little bit of a background on femtocells as well. So most major operators are deploying our -- or committing to deploy femtocells. And we expect small cells models, essentially technology-wise, to be pretty similar to femtocells. And we expect initial rollouts starting probably towards the end of 2013 and I'm talking about calendar year here. And maybe broader deployment starting in 2014. And we think that the small cell is -- they're expected to be trialed in Asia first, in Korea and Japan, and then eventually get deployed in those regions in 2014. In Europe and North America, rollouts are likely to be trialed a little bit later, maybe in the 2014 period, and possibly go into production in 2015. So that's kind of a landscape of it. It's really too early for us to talk about what our content is going to be in these things. But essentially, we're pretty confident this is going to happen in small cells. Because we already know that in femtocells, we're already in production and shipping these products, and customers are deploying them, essentially mostly to hang on and protect their customer base.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just to follow-up on smartphone. Can you talk about new wins? How many of those wins are you getting sort of multiple sockets with the PMIC. So you, I think, at the Analyst Day, you said you could get from 1 to 3, are you finding that you're getting multiple PMICs per phone or is it more just very customer-specific still?
Tunc Doluca: So from a design win standpoint, there's a high level of dependency on the model. And this is true for many customers, not just our top customer. And in some regions, we get multiple PMICs. There may be up to 3 and then there's maybe a little -- a few more other sockets that are small. And in some regions, depending on what baseband is being used, for instance, we might get one PMIC. So it really varies from model to model, and obviously, from customer to customer. Beyond that, we really prefer not to report on how many wins there are and how many wins per socket. And I think I'm going to leave it at that. So it really depends on each model.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. As I look at your guidance here, I think it's fairly good relative to most of the folks out there. Can you talk about how that impacts seasonality as you look into the calendar first quarter? Normally, you're -- we're seeing a lot of folks guide down pretty significantly and then maybe that sets them up for an up quarter, but can you talk about your seasonality now in context of the current environment and also in context of your success?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. This is Bruce. So I think when we look at our guidance for the December quarter, it's basically a reflection of the current market conditions that we see across all our end markets, right? Where we're seeing Consumer is basically flat. We see Communications flat as well. And then we see Industrial and Computing are down. And so overall, we're down 2%. And if we looked at just kind of the past 4 years, 3 out of those 4 years were down as well. So from that point of view, we're actually pretty close to, if you'd call it, normal seasonality. But how you get there is very different. And I think when we look out to the March quarter, I think it's very difficult, at this point in time, to predict what's going to happen there. I think we know that we haven't been able to rely on normal seasonality for probably 2 or 3 years at this point in time, given that we constantly seem to be in this period of uncertainty. So I think from our point of view, our guidance for the December quarter, and I think you know this, Steve, but, I mean, we guide to what we think is the most likely outcome, right? We're pretty -- history says we're pretty good at it. That said, we guide to a range for a reason, because there is uncertainty out there, but I don't think there's anything in our December guidance that will influence our March guidance. We're going to ship what our customers want in December and we'll ship to what they want in the March quarter as well.
Tunc Doluca: One thing I want to reiterate, I think we've said this before, when you look -- when we analyze the seasonality data, when you look at the data, when you look at the results, you will see that the standard deviation is bigger than the mean. So when you have that, essentially, it's really tough to predict the next quarter. You can say what it was in the past, but since the variances are larger than the means, it's really difficult to be able to predict the future from that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vernon Essi from Needham & Company.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could elaborate a little more on your sensor offerings that you're shipping right now. At your analyst event, you didn't get too deep into what you're doing in there. I'm just wondering what those products are right now?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. Okay. So essentially, what we -- and I mentioned in the prepared talk that we were getting some more production ramps for our sensor products. Most of these products are either optical sensors, some of them are a new technology called gesture sensing, for example. And in that mix, there are also some touch sensor wins that we have that are relatively small, frankly. So those are the basic sensors type products that we have. These do not yet include our gyro or MEMS sensors. Those products are still in the pipeline, in the development pipeline, and we're getting ready to introduce them next year. But in essence, it's those, touch, optical, proximity, as well as gesture sensing type products.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it's fair to say that these were sort of exclusive to the SensorDynamics assets?
Tunc Doluca: Correct. These are the products that we developed at Maxim on the non-motion side of sensors.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: On the sensor side, are they -- do any of these optical sensors integrated right now or are these mostly standalone?
Tunc Doluca: Most of these products are not integrated into other PMICs. They're standalone. But in some cases, we have multiple sensor functions on a single piece of, either package or silicon. I mean, it's easier to integrate, obviously, gesture or proximity with light sensing and so on. And typically, these products are hard to integrate into the PMIC because they need to be on the phone. They need to be somewhere on the top and close to the glass, which doesn't work out for the rest of the chip. So that's why they're separate right now.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And Bruce, just a quick follow-on here, you gave a couple of reasons for the gross margin guide being down sequentially, utilization, mix and a few other things, what would be the top ranking reason behind that?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. It's, by far, the primary reason is the utilization. When we look at that, right, we knew our Q1 fab utilization was going to be down as we transition from S4 to S18. It was down and that has an impact both on Q1 and in Q2. And then in the back end, in our test facility in the Philippines, we're seeing lower utilization there, both just due to the lower revenue and just a desire to take down our inventory a little bit. And so -- and that, the back end, primarily is -- about 75% of that hits the current quarter from a variance point of view. So it's really utilization.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the Comm business, I mean, the data points have been kind of all over the place. You're faring better, base stations are actually growing for you. I was wondering if you could talk about just kind of the health of the wireless base station market and where you're seeing opportunities, maybe if you could break out geographically, may be the easiest, or by technology or any way you could describe it would be helpful.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. On the base station market, you're right, I mean it's going to be -- we're projecting it to be up slightly in the current quarter. It is and it was pretty much flat in the last quarter. So there are really not very strong signals here. And frankly, base stations is kind of in the mid-single digits level of business for us. So we're really not a good bellwether to be able to give feedback or any indications of which markets are strong and which markets aren't. I think those questions are probably better suited for some other FPGA companies.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Blayne, and so where we're seeing actually, when we talk about being up slightly, that uptick is probably driven more by our femtocell business right now, which is we're seeing some quarter-over-quarter increases there.
Tunc Doluca: So it's not really the infrastructure side.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. And then Bruce, I think you mentioned that you factored in fairly low turns, but I can't remember if you mentioned what it was, but if you can talk about what you baked into this guidance and then kind of what gets you to the high and low end of there, where you see the most variability within your segments?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. The backlog as a percent of the $610 million midpoint is at 66% right now. Just last quarter, it was 63%, so we were assuming a little bit higher turns last quarter than this quarter. The reason we're expecting those a little bit lower turns is, one, as we know, our biggest customer has inventory correction and they actually do that in the month of December. And so you don't see as much turns as you normally would in a quarter because of that. And then also, we're just being, kind of recognizing the uncertain environment, and are people going to take the opportunity at year end to do factory shutdowns, et cetera. And so we just kind of built that into our guidance and our lower turns assumption as well. As far as the range within that, it is dependent on, clearly, what people's expectations are as far as how does the cell phone market do in the quarter and do you start seeing any confidence in the distis to restock or do we start seeing any pickup in the Comm side from the infrastructure side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The first part of the question is, relative to the distribution of your clients within smartphones, specifically, how confident are you that your smartphone business, outside of your #1 customer, will grow in aggregate in 2013?
Tunc Doluca: How confident are we? So, I mean, we do know that we have design wins at multiple, maybe every single customer that's out there. The difficulty we have is really in being able to tell which model and which customers are going to be successful. So it's really difficult for us to give a confident type of reply to that. All we can do and all we've done is make sure that we've got some level of penetration and design wins at customers other than our current top customer. So I think time is going to show, but it's really difficult to say from now which phones will sell really well. And we have a similar situation with tablets as well, I mean, we've got -- we've had wins. And if you think back 2 years ago, we said we had 40 or 50 design wins. And we knew we had the wins, and if at that point you'd ask me, are you confident you're going to get all that revenue? I would have probably said yes. But it turned out that only one customer was successful. So that's why I'm a little bit gunshy in saying how much confidence we have, in order to be able to tell which models are going to succeed and what our content is in each one of those.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. As a follow-up, this one is in regards to the Korean market in particular. Obviously, a lot of focus on vertical integration at the Korean OEMs and also sort of nationalistic [ph] use of indigenous suppliers. What gives you confidence that you're in a good position to continue to grow in Korea despite some of these other smaller secular trends that might actually provide headwinds in future years?
Tunc Doluca: Well, we already compete today with a lot of power management IC suppliers, as well as chipset providers. And we know from history that this really is a very competitive business. And it is -- it's realistic to assume that we will not win every single socket at our customers, including our top customer, frankly. But we have built a successful mobility business, and I attribute this to a combination of 3 things. We do have a very broad IP portfolio, number one. Number two, we are structured internally to be able to develop these products faster than others, and this is something that we notice by looking at our competitors. And we have the deepest analog integration experience. We're organized by market, we got common manufacturing platform, we believe, better design automation tools, et cetera. So we really intend to maintain or to extend, whenever possible, our lead, in order to provide these highly differentiated products and put as many barriers as we can. But having said all that, we know from history that it is competitive. And some competitors are going to be able to do some of these functions. So we have to fight for every socket.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse.
Ryan Carver - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Ryan Carver in for John Pitzer. So just looking on the smartphone market, you talked about potentially your integration capabilities within this space. What other functions, thinking about sort of a standard smartphone or a standard tablet, but what other functions could you guys integrate into your current offering near-term and how much of that integration is driving your growth plans going forward in this business versus sort of unit increases within the market underlying it?
Tunc Doluca: So if I look at the smartphone market and smartphones, we have opportunities -- we also have opportunities where we do differentiate about selling products like I mentioned, for sensors, for example, which are, are not really generating a lot of current revenue, but we do see that as an area where we can differentiate and make better products than our competitors. And one of these examples is actually in gesture sensing, which is a good area, we believe, for us, because we've come up with some pretty clever solutions in that field. Inside of -- but I think your question was more about the PMICs or power SoCs. But if it's about that, then there are possibilities, depending on how customers are configuring their systems. We've always talked about touchscreens as another possibility. We also see opportunities in making -- integrating in functions like sensor hubs, for example, as another area. And clearly, we've invested in, by buying a company, the ability to make motion sensors or gyros for these applications. So that's another area where we can participate. And obviously, when you talk about analog, there's also audio possibilities for the company, both in terms of really special speaker drivers, as well as being able to do codecs and so on. So it's an amazingly rich analog content, there's amazingly rich analog content in smartphones. And I hope I was able to relay to you some of them that we see today. And I don't know what tomorrow's going to bring. But it seems like these smartphones are kind of becoming a hub for people, where they're trying to do much more than we're traditionally used to. And I bet there's going to be applications that we don't even know about yet that are going to have some kind of analog requirement.
Ryan Carver - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: It sounds like you guys have some good upside from a content increase in those -- in that market. I guess another question, going back to sort of the Comm sector, and maybe I'll ask a different way, I think. If you look at sort of the base station market today, and you said it was a relatively low percentage of your revs, is that because that the unit volume within that market is low and you guys have a high level of penetration? And I guess thinking of it that way, when you look at the growth potential in the Comm space, how much do you foresee small cells being able to outpace, sort of, the large cell from a unit perspective. I mean, is it simply a matter of the units are so much larger in small cells versus base station? Or are you guys actually getting increased content in these areas in terms of share content?
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So let me see if I can answer that in a short period. So our share of all the analog content in the infrastructure base stations is actually not that high. The biggest analog content there is most likely in data converters. And we don't have much content there. So our revenue per base station module or RF board, I don't know what you want to call it, is really not that large, frankly. Most of our content is in some RF products. It's in power. It's in monitoring and control functions. So they're not really -- most of it is not in the signal path area. So that's why we're not really a good bellwether for that market. Now, we believe that in small base stations, small units, first of all, we think that the volumes are going to become higher. And we have more opportunity there because we're not trying to displace incumbents that already have pretty good positions with the main customers. And we have the ability to integrate many of these analog functions that are in the signal path. And that will enable us to get a larger share of market on the RF transceiver side. So that's really what our focus is, mostly in these small stations. There will be other smaller opportunities for power supply and so on. But 2 things will happen, the unit volumes, we predict, are going to be higher in terms of base station count. And we will be getting a bigger share -- it's a virgin territory, we're not really fighting with incumbents.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Bruce, the first one is a clarification. When you talked about managing for a lower inventory in the quarter, are you referring to on-hand inventory or channel inventory or both?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: That statement was in reference to on-hand inventory. So from our point of view, we were at 103 days. Our target model is 100 days, kind of plus or minus a few days in order to really maximize delivery performance for our customers. But at 103, we're sort of at the high-end of that plus or minus, and so we like to bring that down a little bit and so, I think, so we're really talking about internal. I think in the channel, we're at 51 days. We actually think we would like for that to go up. We think it's at too low of a level. But that's not in our control, that's the distis. And to date, they haven't felt the confidence in order to begin restocking.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, Tun, my follow-up is for you and it's more on the product side. You had mentioned in prepared remarks, you're seeing some good tablet design wins. Can you talk about whether those design wins are with existing customers or if they're with new customers. And when I say existing, I'm really referring to your smartphone customer base. And then can you also provide some follow-up color on the PC/Computing business. I thought, for Maxim, that was much more of a financial terminals-centric business, but it sounds like the notebook business is a bit of a headwind as you look out to the fourth quarter.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So your first question on tablets, the design wins that I talked about are -- I'm looking at my notes here, and most of those are actually with other customers other than our top customer. So they're really either newer design wins or they're products that are -- have started production last quarter. And I can't -- even though I can't give specifics, I think we're going to have to wait until teardowns for you to be able to tell where we're at. I think it's fair to say that they're not with the existing customer, top customer that we have right now. Your other question, I think, was about weakness in the computing field, right?
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's correct. I think you mentioned notebooks and computing, but I thought for Maxim, computing was more financial terminals-centric, ATM and point-of-sale devices, et cetera.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So in that segment, we have various markets and obviously, you have servers and financial terminals, we have storage and notebook as the primary areas in that field. And what we're really seeing is that if you looked at the prior quarter, I mean from Q4 to Q1, these other markets, like terminals and storage, were up and when you look at the quarter we're in, just like looking at what our order rates have been and so on, what we're seeing is that those markets that were up, they're going to be slightly down from the prior quarter. But on average -- the average of the 2 quarters are probably about flat. So that's some color on segments other than notebook/PCs.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: And Craig, our Computing was about 14% of revenue right now, so it's definitely our smallest market. And within that, the notebook/PC is about 5% of revenue. So it's a very small amount, but it's actually still the largest of -- because those other markets Tun mentioned are all less than that. So to the extent that there is still weakness in notebook/PCs which we're seeing, now that will be the kind of the key driver that kind of pushes down our Computing business in the December quarter. And then as Tun indicated, in some of these other markets where we had a good Q1 for financial terminals and data storage, we're seeing a little bit of an offset in the December quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Gabriela Borges on behalf of Jim Covello. I want to ask about linearity in the quarter. Could you talk about what you saw going through September and then also what you've been seeing quarter to date?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So I think from a linearity point of view, it was normal. I don't think there was anything unusual. It's not a big driver for us within the quarter. Our business is pretty broadly diversified. And so we don't have real distinctive linearity within a quarter. But both in the September quarter and what we're seeing so far, quarter to date, there's nothing unusual about the linearity and I think that to the extent that our order pattern today is reflected in the guidance that we're seeing, specifically around how the Consumer and Communication businesses are probably going to be around flat and the Industrial and Computing businesses are going to be down in the quarter. The order flow reflects that.
Gabriela Borges - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And as a follow-up, if I may. Nice job on the cost controls in the quarter, could you give us an update on how we should think about modeling OpEx going forward and what your priorities are for R&D?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I think we indicated that the December quarter will be up about 2%, and really that's at, say, roughly $4 million. $3 million out of that $4 million is just the full quarter impact of our merit process. I think in this uncertain environment, we're going to work very hard to continue to control OpEx and have any increases, try to match or be under revenue changes quarter-over-quarter. We will continue to invest in our growth businesses, absolutely that's -- and from an R&D point of view, we think that's critical to maintain our growth, long term. That said, we're going to be very active, I think, continue from a portfolio management and really look at where we're investing and follow the invest, harvest and divest strategy. You saw a little bit of that in our last fiscal year and that's something out of the 60 to 70 product lines that we have, we're always looking for those that are -- the returns are not what we originally thought and are there opportunities to reduce investment there.
Tunc Doluca: So we're maintaining our long-term model of being in the low 30s for OpEx and, obviously, it will go up and down depending on how the business goes, but that continues to be our long-term model.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the gross margin profile into 2013 and obviously, that's going to depend on business conditions and where the revenue run rates are. But I know you're moving some products within the fabs and you could perhaps talk about some of the structural things that could create headwinds or tailwinds for gross margins as we go into next year?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. So our long-term model, 61% to 64%, I think we've done a very good job managing within that model. Though really, the only thing that moves it materially over 100 bps is utilization. And currently, we're running at some lower levels right now. And so from that point of view, we've guided to the low end of that range at the midpoint. I think going forward to the extent that, long term, the business grows and our utilizations will increase, I think that will help us maintain our margin model while we continue to invest in high-growth markets. So I think long term, I think the fact that as utilizations go up, as we continue to drive into our 300-millimeter fab, our fab partner, which was about 30% of manufacturing activity in the second quarter -- excuse me, in the first quarter, was 300-millimeter. And we continue to drive integration, right? I think that's another big area where, to the extent that we can add value to our customers, right? And we differentiate our products. We're able to capture value, capture margin with those highly integrated products.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Right. And as a follow-up, on the topic of utilization, I mean, a lot of your customers that, I guess, aren't doing as well as you guys are, over the last cycle, who do have a lot of excess capacity and obviously would like to be aggressive. Does that matter to you guys? I mean, historically, it hasn't been an issue for you, but do you see any changes in the competitive landscape going forward by some of the changes that are going on in the market right now?
Tunc Doluca: You said customers there, but I assume you meant competitors.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I'm sorry. I meant competitors. Yes.
Tunc Doluca: So hopefully all our customers are doing well, that's what we want to happen. In terms of the competitive -- the areas that we compete with other competitors, where we really can't differentiate our products is where most of the pressure comes in, in terms of pricing, for instance. And our strategy has been and is going to continue to be to find product areas where we have enough barriers to entry, so that we can make a different product that's more desirable from our customers and be able to control our pricing that way. And we have a product portfolio that's highly proprietary and especially in the recent years, we've been able to distance ourselves from almost all of our competitors in terms of being able to make these solutions instead of making really discrete building block complement-type products. And that enables us to be able to have better control of our pricing. So our general strategy really is not to be the price leader in our markets. And we really want to be the value leader in our markets. And that really enables us to be able to compete very well in the marketplace by having these highly valued products for our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney from Longbow Research.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: I was wondering if you could go back a bit to the Industrial discussion and if you could perhaps give us a break out, if you do, between your sort of traditional investor opportunities, automotive and then perhaps, somewhere in the energy group. The reason I ask is because I'm trying to compare what you guys are seeing and experiencing in terms of orders and outlook versus others that are more exposed to traditional Industrial. So if you could first put that in perspective, that would be a great help. And then secondly, perhaps compare your opportunities versus what the industry might be able to do as a whole?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I'll take the first half and I'll let Tun take the second. So overall, for the quarter, Industrial was 24% of revenue. As far as kind of the, some specific markets there that we've called out: Automotive, we talked before is about mid single-digit; and then the utility and then smart meters is just a little bit less than that, probably in the 3% to 4% range. Beyond that, it's a lot of general-purpose industrial, right? Control and automation, security, electrical, military, other industrial and so those are the big parts of our Industrial markets, which do go through distribution. And so really, when we look at sort of the automotive, smart meter, I think that's where we've been able to outperform on the Industrial side. I think in the general-purpose industrial that goes through distribution, I think it's much harder there to outperform the industry and I think our results have been basically in line with what we've seen from many of our peers.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. And if you -- the second part of your question was longer term. What is different about our strategy than others? So first of all, this is a market which really very highly values the performance of the products, and really, to service that need from customers, which are usually pretty small in size. And they kind of are forced to use standard products or component-level products in many of their system designs. We have strategy from several business units to make products that are general-purpose and in areas of interface, in power management, in data conversions and so on, that are what you would call traditional, standard analog products. Now, to supplement that, and that market grows at a certain rate, to supplement that, what we've done is we found areas in Industrial, and Bruce mentioned a few of these, like in the smart meters, in medical equipment, we found these places where we can actually provide products that are more highly integrated and be able to satisfy the needs of most of the customers and be able to provide solutions for them to make their design, their job a lot easier, and then be able to make their solutions sizes smaller and so on. So our long-term strategy is really twofold: One is to continue to make these products that are building block type products, because, A, they sell on their own, and B, they provide us with the IP that's required to put into our highly integrated products. And then find select markets inside the industrial space, select segments, where our high integration strategy works and basically that's the true -- the two-prong strategy that we're using. And I named a few of them, did I miss any that, Bruce, you can remember? Smart grid, medical, those are the big ones. Automotive is another one, I did miss one. Where we can put together these highly integrated solutions that the customer really values.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: Right, great. Given that nice summary, I'm wondering if you have the visibility of design wins today, given the weak macro environment, that you think will allow Maxim to outperform the industry, say over the next 12 months, or you feel like macro situation is really going to have to improve more substantively for those efforts you've been making to allow you to outgrow?
Tunc Doluca: This is a fairly slow-moving market. And if you look at design win activity, it seems like we're going to win these designs, because these companies really have to think long term. And if you really want to understand if these macro environments are having a big impact on what's happening currently, I think you'd have to look at whether these end customers in these big industrial markets, for example, or meter market and so on, are downsizing their R&D. That would give you an indication whether there's less projects or less possibilities. But we really have not seen that. So I think our opportunities are still there. And they're going to continue to be there because the world needs more products. They need more solutions to solve big problems as we spoke about at our Investor Day.
Operator: And we have time for 2 more questions. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I want to ask one on the handset space, just based on what you've said your split is between integrated and nonintegrated. It seems like you could be servicing close to 200 million cell phones this year. Is that in the right area and can you also explain whether your integrated products address midrange and low-end handsets. Do you have lower-cost versions? How much of the handset market can you address?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Okay. I'll take the first. So we find it, actually, very difficult to actually know the denominator there, as far as the exact number of handsets that we're selling into. Because in many cases, you may sell 1, 2 or multiple chips within to a single model. And so we haven't found one chip that goes into every phone, and therefore we can determine what the kind of total number of units are. So from that point of view, and we've actually worked hard to try to figure that number out, but that's not one that we can determine easily.
Tunc Doluca: So by the way, I don't think we actually said what our highly integrated chip percentage was. So in the smartphone market, we think it's in about mid-60s percent or so. And the second part of your question was about, what about, smartphones extend all the way from really high-end phones to all the way to now phones that are kind of borderline between a feature phone and a smartphone. So we call that the low, low end of smartphones. So we are winning more low-end smartphones. But we really are careful about which, where we have to invest our R&D. Because obviously, in a very low-end smartphone, there are fewer analog functions. We, again, at the investor conference, we showed there were 80-plus analog functions in a high-end smartphone. That number is much less in a low-end smartphone. And the value we can add and the ASPs we can get per phone, are far less. And we are limited by the number of engineering resources we have in terms of being able to support all the needs for our customers. So we try to pick and choose the ones that really are areas where we can add the most value to the customer, whether it's in a low-end phone or in a high-end smartphone, that doesn't matter that much for us. But if you did look at our profile, most of our business is going to be in the high-end phones, in smartphones, not in the, what I call the low, low-end smartphones.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Great. Just as a quick follow-up, can you -- we're running out of time, so I'll let the next person ask.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Chris Danely from JPMorgan.
Sameer Kalucha - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Sameer Kalucha calling for Chris Danely. I'm curious, if you could remind us, on the inventory, you mentioned a decrease in the channel, 51 days. I'm wondering where did it bottom in the '08, '09 timeframe? And then maybe as a follow-up, what is your -- what are your thoughts on how the customers are reacting to this low inventory environment? They are planning to keep it low given the uncertainty or do you think there's a possibility of a snapback like we saw in the '09 timeframe?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. So it's actually interesting. We hit our low point from a channel inventory, actually during the recovery, when we were -- when business came back very strongly and we were supply-constrained. And I think it got down to about 52 days, kind of the low 50s. So it's kind of where it is at today. I think, long term, they're clearly going to restock, all right? Our target model is 65 days. Whether they get all the way back up there, maybe that goes or comes down to 60 or something like that. It's certainly going to be something higher than the 51 days that we're at today. However, I think, given the uncertain environment and given the fact that we all have short lead times right now, I don't see a lot of conviction on the, by the distis in order to start restocking. And so I think until they get more comfort with the macro environment, I don't think you're going to see that restocking. And then when they do, we'll just have to wait and see whether they kind of follow old behavioral patterns, where they try to restock very quickly, or whether they are more conservative this time. It's very tough for us to predict their behavior.
Tunc Doluca: And remember that this is a very broad customer base and we don't speak with them directly. So it's hard for us to be able to interview them, so to speak, and figure out what's going on through their minds. So frankly, for the broad market, the mix that we look at is the PMI. So you're not getting a lot of lead time on what's happening and when it's going to happen.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator. This concludes our conference call. We'd like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim Integrated.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Venk Nathamuni Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tunc Doluca - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey A. Schreiner - Capstone Investments, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Elizabeth Howell
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Venk Nathamuni. Please go ahead, sir.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Maxim Integrated Products Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website or available from the company without charge. Now, before we discuss our results and guidance, I'd like to remind everyone that Maxim will be hosting its 2012 Investor Day Meeting in New York City on September 5. Details of the event and registration information are available on Maxim's Investor Relations' website at maxim-ic.com/investorday2012. We look forward to seeing you there. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Venk. I will review our fourth quarter financial results. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $605 million, up 6% from the third quarter. Our revenue mix by major market in Q4 was approximately 43% for consumer; 26%, industrial; 16%, communications; and 15%, computing. Our consumer business was up strongly due to smartphones. Our industrial business was up slightly due to automotive and Control and Automation. Our communication business was flat, as an increase in base stations was offset by weakness in legacy businesses. Computing was up due to our notebook business. Gross margin, excluding special items, was 63%, up from 60.4% in the prior quarter. The increase was due to improved variances from higher fab and end-of-line utilizations. Part of the increased utilization was due to inventory build to meet seasonally strong demand in consumer. Special items in Q4 gross margin were intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Operating expenses, excluding special items, were $214 million, flat with Q3. Employee benefit year-end accrual credits offset higher employee profit sharing expense. Special items in Q4 operating expenses included a $22 million impairment for buildings held for sale, plus the normal acquisition-related charges, offset by a reduction in the payroll tax accrual. Q4 GAAP operating income, excluding special items, was $167 million or 28% of revenue. The Q4 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 20% compared to 24% in the prior quarter due to normal variations from our international structure. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.45, up from $0.33 in Q3 due to higher revenue and gross margin and a lower tax rate. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, cash flow from operations was $190 million or 31% of revenue. Inventory increased to 99 days from 89 days in the prior quarter, within our target range of 90 to 100 days. We are at the high-end of our range due to an inventory build to meet seasonally strong demand in our consumer business. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalog distributors, declined from 57 days to 53 days, well below our target of approximately 65 days. In dollar terms, channel inventory declined by 1%. Net capital additions totaled $78 million in Q4, as we invested in long-term manufacturing capacity and new facilities. Free cash flow was $115 million. Share repurchases totaled $56 million in Q4 as we bought back 2.1 million shares. Finally, in Q4, we paid $64 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $20 million in the fourth quarter to $956 million. Moving on to guidance. Our beginning Q1 backlog is $393 million. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q1 revenue of $605 million to $635 million or flat to up 5% from Q4. Q1 gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated at 61% to 64%. Variables that may influence Q1 gross margin include utilization, product mix and inventory reserves. Special items in Q1 gross margin are estimated at $9.5 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Q1 operating expenses, excluding special items, are expected to be up around 3% sequentially, approximately in line with revenue growth. The increase in OpEx is due primarily to higher compensation costs for our annual merit process and employee benefit accrual credits in Q4 that will not repeat in Q1. Special items in Q1 operating expenses are estimated at $4 million, again, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential items that may occur during the quarter. Our Q1 tax rate, excluding special items, is estimated at 20% to 22%. For fiscal year '13, we are expecting a tax rate, excluding special items, in the same range. For Q1 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.41 to $0.45. Capital additions in Q1 are expected to decline over Q4. Finally, I am pleased to announce that our Board of Directors has approved a 9 percent increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $0.22 per share to $0.24 per share. This is approximately a 3.8% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I will now hand the call over to Tun to discuss our business.
Tunc Doluca: Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call, and good afternoon. Let me start by highlighting 3 key developments: one, gross margin increased 260 basis points from the prior quarter and exceeded our guidance. Our gross margin was better than expected because of higher factory utilization and lower manufacturing costs. Two, in response to the macro environment uncertainty, we tightly controlled operating expenses and held OpEx flat. As a result, operating margin rose nearly 500 basis points quarter-on-quarter to 28%. Due to the combination of higher gross margin and operating margin, we delivered better earnings per share than projected. Three, our Board of Directors approved a 9% increase in quarterly dividends from $0.22 to $0.24 per share. We continue to aggressively return capital to shareholders. Let me next turn to our just-completed quarter and give you an overview of lead times and bookings. During the June quarter, our delivery lead times remained steady. The customer order lead times declined slightly from the prior quarters. Bookings decreased as well, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio slightly below 1. However, weekly bookings have improved in the first 3 weeks of July and were at a higher average weekly run rate than the June quarter. I will next provide some color on our major markets. Let me start with consumer. We expect this market to be up, led by continued strong growth in our mobility business. The strength is driven primarily by the Galaxy S III production ramp. Here, we sell our Power SoC chipset that provides all power management, charging and USB multiplexing requirements and powers the applications processor. And in some models, also the baseline processor. Our dollar content in this new platform is meaningfully higher than in prior successful smartphones due to higher levels of complexity and integration. Beyond smartphones, we have secured additional design wins for power management and battery management in new tablets. We continue to execute on our long-term strategy of analog integration with sensor fusion. Recently, we introduced an array of optical sensors for mobile devices with as many as 7 sensors integrated into 1 compact optical package. These products measure red, green, blue light levels; ambient light; proximity; infrared; and temperature, all in one package, and provide the latest example of Maxim delivering on our vision of sensor fusion. We started production shipments to a Tier 1 customer during the June quarter, with volume production ramping in the current quarter. Second, let me discuss the industrial market. We project September quarter industrial revenue to be up slightly. We expect growth in the smart meter and automotive segments. In smart meters, we continue to experience increased demand from the China power meter customers for our highly integrated solutions, as these customers produce for the China market and also win export designs. In automotive, we see strength driven by entertainment applications and distribution of video content inside the car. We are expecting some new near-term production ramps with our battery charging and monitoring ICs used in several electric vehicle systems. The control and automation segment within industrial has a broad customer base, buying predominantly through the distribution channel. Inventory in the distribution channel declined sequentially with days of inventory at 53 days at the end of the June quarter, well below our target model. Over the past few weeks, we experienced an increase in orders from our distributors, as we believe distributors are beginning to order at levels that match end consumption rather than reducing inventory. Third, let me cover communications. We project revenue to be flat as orders from the base station end market are returning in line with end consumption after a strong uptick in the June quarter. We expect growth from the networking end market, offset by weakness from the traditional telecom market. Fourth, in the computing market, revenues will be down, with growth from financial terminals more than offset by a decline in notebook computers and peripherals. In financial terminals, we're experiencing strength from the China point-of-sale market, as the design win at a major Chinese customer is continuing to ramp into volume production with our secure microcontroller. In closing, during fiscal year 2012, we've continued to execute very well despite an uncertain macro environment. Looking back, we completed many key changes in the company, and I would like to remind you of 5 of these accomplishments: one, we completed the alignment of our business unit groups along our major markets. This alignment provides better planning, coordinated product development and marketing, and clear market ownership for each senior executive. Two, we aligned all our advanced manufacturing process and package development, electronic design automation and disrupted key technology development activities in a unified group led by our Chief Technology Officer. Three, we advanced our supply chain performance, reduced our delivery lead times and are meeting customer requirements far better than any time in our history. Our flexible manufacturing strategy enabled us to ramp production of our newest high integration products at breakneck speed, and we successfully delivered on customer promises. Four, we completed the acquisition and integration of SensorDynamics, opening up a great market opportunity for sensor fusion products. And last but not least, we've continued to grow revenue better than our peers, thanks to successful execution of our strategy. In fact, much of our revenue growth during the last 3.5 years resulted from successful development and design wins of high integration products across multiple end markets. That concludes my prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back to Venk.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Tun. That's the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I had a question just on your guidance. The expectation for low single-digit growth, it's better than some of your peers', but it's below what I think you would normally do for the September quarter. I know this is a big quarter. It's supposed to be a big quarter for consumer, you said it would be up. Can you quantify how much?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So Romit, this is Bruce. I think from a guidance point of view, we said our consumer business would be up strongly. I don't think we ever quantified that exactly. We also indicated industrial would be up slightly, but I think that was tempered somewhat by the economic uncertainty out there. The comm business being flat and computing, down. I think those together sort of get you to the kind of a flat to up 5%.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I would've expected industrial to just be up slightly. I mean, I don't think Q3 is supposed to be a strong quarter for industrial. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Generally, no. You're correct.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So is the -- what's -- I guess, what is the biggest change this quarter in the segment? Is it the computing piece being down? Or would you expect communications normally to be up a lot more?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I would say generally, we would expect comm up a little bit more, computing is down, it's unusual for the September quarter, as well.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And you mentioned notebooks being down, how big is notebooks as a percentage of your business?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: It's not a large percent, but it was up, reasonably strong in the June quarter. And so now that -- and we're still very selective in where we ship there. So we had 1 design win that sort of ramped, and now, we're going to see that fall off a little bit in the September quarter.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, it's about mid-single digits percent or so.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji from UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Parag for Uche. Just a follow-up from the previous question. Since you indicated that in the industrial end market, you are shipping to demand, if I understand that correctly. So going forward, what kind of seasonal back end we should see in the industrial business?
Tunc Doluca: Well, first of all, I think that we -- what's happening today in the industrial business is really very far from what happens typically because of all this uncertainty. What we notice is that the customers in general are very cautious, and so -- were the distributors, by the way -- I think that's why they reduced their inventory throughout last quarter. So we really expect distributors to be cautious. And what we're seeing is what they're ordering from us, it's pretty much what their end demand is. So I think the general caution is continuing in that market. And we're not seeing order patterns that would indicate that theyre actually replenishing, we're building back up to our normal models of 65 days of inventory. I think that until some of this global uncertainty is quelled, I think we're going to be in this pattern of caution throughout the broad market.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And the second question is about your consumer business. How do you -- I mean, are you able to see any diversification beyond your traditional call-in customer? And also, you indicated wins on tablet platforms. I assume it was those are on Android, is that right?
Tunc Doluca: We -- it's not just on Android. Let me answer the tablet question first. There are some other operating systems as well. So pretty much as we've said almost 1.5 years ago, we've got a ton of tablet wins, but it's really difficult for us to figure out which one is going to be successful. So that -- beyond that, we can't really predict what kind of revenue growth that's going to help us with. We, actually -- in terms of your question about the smartphone market, we have design wins at other customers and content, pretty much at all of the smartphone suppliers. But essentially, you're right. Our concentration is with this 1 customer currently, and that's because mainly 2 customers have been very successful. So if other customers are also successful, I think our -- we will be able to diversify our customer base because the design wins are there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crdit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Bruce, just getting back to the gross margin line, you talked about a couple of tailwinds in the June quarter. At the low-end of your revenue guidance for September, revenue would be flat, but the low-end of your gross margin would be about 200 basis points lower. Might I take it that some of the onetime benefits in the June quarter added up to about 200 basis points of margin improvement. Is that how we should think about it?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: No. I think the guidance we gave, the 61% to 64% is our -- that's our long-term model. And if you recall, prior to this kind of recent downturn, we always sort of guided at the 61% to 64% range. I think when we look at some of the items, and really, the 1 tailwind that we had in the June quarter was the kind of a seasonal inventory build. That probably was -- probably just 40 bps or so, less than 0.5%. It wasn't a huge number there. So when we kind of look at the Q1 gross margin, I think -- I don't think that's going to be a big impact to it. I think the couple things that may impact it. We'll actually probably see our fab utilizations down a little bit. And that's just strictly because 1 of our older manufacturing processes is ramping down faster than we are able to ramp up our newer process technology at our internal fab. So I think that will provide a little bit of pressure on us. But that said, revenue was up, and it really all depends on sort of what the end environment from the -- whether some of this macro uncertainty clears up and allows the utilizations to go up further.
John W. Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Makes sense. And as my follow-up, Tun, you said in your prepared comments that bookings for the first 3 weeks of July have improved to a higher average in the weekly run rate for the June quarter. How broad based was that improvement? Or was that mainly what you've been seeing in distribution as if kind of made the decision not to bleed inventory any lower and at least order at a rate that equals end demand or was it broader-based than that?
Tunc Doluca: No, it was broader-based than that. I mean, clearly, we did see the distribution uptick that you mentioned, but it was also from other markets as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Generally, your largest customer goes to an inventory adjustment at year end. How do you see that playing out this year? Because we have not really seen a big inventory buildup, although sell-through trends are not -- been somewhat slower due to macro pressures. So how do you see that trend playing out this year?
Tunc Doluca: Well, first of all, that inventory correction usually occurs in November and December. We're pretty far out from November and December. And how much inventory they build or if they build any at all will be determined by how successful they are with their newest platform. So it's very difficult for us to predict that from this point. But it is likely that there will be some kind of inventory correction, but it's tough to say how big it's going to be. Last year, for instance, it wasn't a very large number. The year before, I think it was pretty significant.
Vivek Arya - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And as a follow-up, Tunc, we have seen some of these traditional digital players, Qualcomm, Broadcom, enhancing their power management offerings. Qualcomm has made some acquisitions recently. I understand that they are probably at the lower end of the market, you are at the higher end of the market. But at what point does that become a threat for you either in the share gains or pricing? Or is it too early to say that?
Tunc Doluca: I mean, if you look at our performance, you can clearly see that we're competing with multiple suppliers. We are competing with the chipset suppliers that you mentioned. But we also compete with traditional mixed-signal companies as well. In terms of our competitiveness, we've demonstrated that we do make the best Power SoCs in the industry compared to anybody else, and we've got the best combination of performance, as well as integration. And you might ask, why is this and is this really sustainable? Three reasons should be pretty evident. I mean, we have a very broad analog IP portfolio. The second one is that we really have the deepest analog integration experience of all of our competitors and the chipset companies. And we're really structured to be able to develop products faster than others, so that's the third reason. In other words, we're organized by market, we've got a common manufacturing platform, we've got -- advanced our design automation. So for all these reasons, we believe that we have a significant lead. And yes, other companies, including chipset makers, obviously, are going to advance as well. But we're not standing still either. We keep adding new capabilities to the company. I just mentioned one of them, sensor capabilities, for example. And there's even more that are coming that we haven't even talked about. So I think that, obviously, we always have to stay ahead, but we definitely have the firepower to do that successfully.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Schreiner from Capstone Investments.
Jeffrey A. Schreiner - Capstone Investments, Research Division: I was wondering, the strength within mobile that you've been seeing, is that really being driven more from unit growth or the content increase that you've referenced within the Galaxy S III design?
Tunc Doluca: Well, we can definitely say that our content has increased. The products that we sell into that design are far more complex and they got much more functions, and it's actually a chipset, it's not a single chip that we sell. So we know that's the case. To determine whether it's more units, you really need to look at market shares of these customers that are competing for that, and you can see that, that platform appears to be very successful and is being accepted well in general. So it's a combination of the 2, the one that really gets us more excited is the fact that we've increased our dollar content for smartphone.
Jeffrey A. Schreiner - Capstone Investments, Research Division: And what is the average content in a smartphone right now?
Tunc Doluca: It's still in a range. I mean, in some smartphones, we still do sell building block products, so if you're looking at those types of phones, it's in the sub-dollar range for sure. And when you get to these very complex phones, you're talking above $5 or $6.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Jim Schneider calling in for Jim Covello. I was wondering if you can maybe address -- on the consumer electronics space outside of handsets, what you're seeing in that market now, are you seeing the same kind of sluggishness along with our broad macro economy or are there any specific design wins or new kinds of products that you're ramping in, in the back half of the year?
Tunc Doluca: Can you repeat the question first, I missed the beginning?
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's about consumer electronics outside of the handset space.
Tunc Doluca: The amount of revenues we get from outside of the mobility space is pretty small. And it's -- the biggest portion really used to be LCD TVs, and that's not that large anymore for us. But it's really -- we get all kinds of products we sell for battery management, some power ICs, some USB chips and so on. But usually, it's really not a very significant portion of our overall consumer sales.
Jeffrey A. Schreiner - Capstone Investments, Research Division: Fair enough. And then I'll follow up on the computing segment for a second. You talked about a decline in the September quarter. Can you maybe talk about whether that decline is being driven by inventory drawdown in the channel or your OEM customers? And do you expect that to come back up potentially in the December quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, this is Bruce. Our computing business, and specifically our notebook business, is a small percent of our business today. And so, from that point of view, in -- our quarterly trends are really driven more by activity at the few select customers we still sell into, and not really representative of the overall market. So I think our decline in the September quarter is really just based on the activity where we had a strong quarter in June, and it's just kind of balancing out in the September quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: I think you said your utilizations were up for fiscal Q4. I was wondering if you could quantify that for us, I think it was 76% in Q4. And also what your mix of external wafers was in the quarter? Then I have a follow-up.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. It was -- in the third quarter, we were at 76%, and for Q4, we were right around 80%, so it was up and that -- and it was close to what we thought. As far as external, it's still right around 50%. About half is -- of our fab activity was outsourced.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then as a follow-up on the consumer business and the growth outlook going forward, it's growing quite a bit as a mix of your business. I was wondering if you could share your thoughts and if that's going to get to, let's say, 50% of your business from what you can tell in terms of the initiatives that you have in place or if you're going to try and cap it or grow the other areas to contain the consumer segment to be at a certain level?
Tunc Doluca: Well, the short answer really is, what it's going to grow to, it's hard to predict. It depends a lot on the success rate of our customers, as much as ours do. Currently, when we look at our higher growth market, we're talking about the summation of computing and our consumer markets. And that's actually remained relatively constant because computing has declined and we built a mobility business where we believe we can add more value than in computing. So from that standpoint, it's been relatively constant if you add those 2 up. And we have significant investments that we've made in industrial and comms. And we think that in those markets, with these investments we've made, we'd be able to grow them as well and continue to try to keep the balance. So we want to adhere to our balanced business model. I -- we really believe that's the way to grow the company, as well as provide stability for the company in the long-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel Nicholas.
Tore Svanberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, just a few questions. First of all, can you -- I mean, you talked about like your backlog, but I assume that's for the June quarter, so any indication on how backlog is firming up so far this quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. We went in and we have about 43% still to go from a backlog point of view. And so actually to be clear, right, so the beginning backlog was at 63% of revenue. And that's about consistent with what we've seen in prior quarters. So I think from a churns point of view, I think we're in a normal position compared to prior quarters.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Very good. And my follow-up, I'm not sure if you covered this already, but do you have an update on the percentage of products that are now integrated?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. That number has went up. It's probably right around 40%.
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So if you look at it from an annual standpoint, last year was in the high-30s percent, fiscal year '12.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Assuming we get back to some semblance of normality in the December quarter, can you just talk about what sort of typical growth would be in the December quarter and how you would expect your utilization rates and margins to trend in that type of environment?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. I think for probably the last 2 or 3 years, we haven't had a normal seasonal quarter yet. And so, I think it's probably too early to predict what the December quarter will be. That said, when we think about utilization rates, as we ramp the new manufacturing process at our San Antonio fab, I think as the demand environment improves, I think as the distributors begin to restock, I mean, I think all of these have the opportunity to drive utilizations higher. We said we are at about 80% in this last quarter. A year ago, we were probably closer to 90% from a utilization point of view. So I think there's continued levers that will help kind of support our gross margin and keep it in our target range while we continue to kind of strongly grow the top line.
Christopher B. Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And for my follow-up, fee for the year ago utilization rates were 90%. Is 90% about as high as you will let utilization rates go before you start being on new capacity or will they get any higher? And if you could continue and talk about, could we see a new high in margins if you get back to that 90%, 95% utilization rate range?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. I think from a mix point of view within the factories, I think it's hard to get sustainably above 90% because you're never going to kind of run every line fully. And so I think 90% is probably a reasonable level for us to estimate and plan for. Obviously, from a flexible manufacturing strategy, we continue to manage both our internal capacity and external capacity. And in fiscal year '12, we actually made some investments in our fab to allow us to run our newest process technologies internally and maintain that balance. As far as gross margins, I think you've seen over the last couple of years, we've actually done a good job and for the most part, lived within the high-end of our range with the exception of when utilizations dropped. I think we believe that, that's the right range and that we would rather kind of focus on above-average top line growth while staying within our 61% to 64% range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney from Longbow Research.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: Question on the Skype TV opportunity that you talked about. You had mentioned a possible opportunity for this to develop in the summer of next year. I was just wondering if it's still on track for that.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So I think from the Skype opportunity, we have the design wins in the peripherals. We didn't get all the design wins in some of the initial implementations where it's built-in to the vessel. I think it's still pretty early for that market, so let's see how it fully plays out.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then a follow-up, on the notebook side. So you see a design win you had earlier tailing off this quarter. Is that a business that you expect to continue to decline? And if not, what kind of R&D investments are you making there? How do you view that part of the business strategically at this point?
Tunc Doluca: So on that notebook side, we really look at any opportunity that we think we can make a differentiated product that the customer will value. We will put engineering resources onto that. But having said that, I can tell you that the resources we allocate today are not very high into that market. They're much, much smaller than we do in many of our other markets. So it's really not a huge investment area for us, unless we find a socket that's interesting. And this particular design we had was in an area where we could add value and the number of competitors were fewer without naming what it was, that's all that I want to say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about the diversification of your handset business. You've talked about some design wins outside of your top customer. Could you give us a bit of progress on that? And how much of that we see in the September quarter guidance, and how much we can expect that to ramp this year.
Tunc Doluca: So within -- I assume you're asking about diversification within smartphones, right?
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Yes.
Tunc Doluca: So in terms of that, what we have done -- I mean, we've really worked very diligently over the past, I'd say, 2 or 3 years and really developed products that worked with multiple customers' phone designs. Because each customer has a little bit different architecture in terms of how they do battery charging, for example, or how they sequence their power. And we've really developed our products for multiple customers and multiple platforms. And many of those designs we've actually -- have won. So it's really a matter of more customers. The market share is being distributed differently for us to be able to diversify, but within the smartphone market. So it is something that we actively try to drive to get design wins at multiple customers. And as I've said, we've been successful at getting the design wins, but all the volume we expected did not. We couldn't realize it, and that's why we're pretty concentrated right now. And we continue that strategy, we've got products that we've designed, again, for multiple customers to make sure that we are in a position to benefit if the market share shift around.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And I guess as a follow-up, could you talk a little bit about how -- as the mix shifts between the different businesses, either due to different growth rates or due to seasonality, how that affects the mix within your gross margins, basically that -- this sort of incremental margins in the different product areas?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. This is Bruce. The mix side of various end markets actually doesn't have much impact. I think when you think of our range of 61% to 64%, maybe the mix can move it 100 bps up or down. But really, if you think about our end markets today, our consumer business and really our mobility business, as we've indicated, is reasonably close to the corporate average. So as we've seen that business grow, and over the last couple of years, we've continued to stay within our range and really in the upper half of our range. So we don't see a big impact from a product mix point of view on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blayne Curtis from Barclays.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Not to keep going back some old business, but as you look back here, against consumer business the last 5 years, I think it's been down last 4, last 5. And probably aligns pretty well with that of your largest customer there. When you look at this year, I think you have a bit more diversification, you have a content story that's pretty meaningful and a large SKU. How do you look at that business into December and is this year a bit different, given you have some offset?
Tunc Doluca: You said something at the beginning which we couldn't hear with Bruce?
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm saying your Consumer business has been down sequentially I think for the last 5 years, and -- it'll obviously align to your largest customer there. When we think about this year, are there any offsets? You have a content story, you've diversified a bit. Just the puts and takes there.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So Blayne, you're talking about the December quarter?
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Okay. Yes, I think from our point of view, right, obviously, we have a large customer that's going through a large platform ramp right now. I think December is, in a very large part, going to be how well they do in the marketplace. Certainly, they're doing well. I think some of the early returns are positive for that platform. But I think it's too early to call what the ultimate success will be. I mean, I think, as you know, this is a customer who plans for success, right, so they're going to make sure they have sufficient product in the channel to support that success. So I think, as Tun indicated earlier, I think there's some level of kind of year-end inventory balancing, it's probably reasonable to expect. I think it's just a question of the level of that. And I think it's solely dependent on their success in the marketplace.
Blayne Curtis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just quickly, the follow-on on the content stories, obviously, sensors, year-end volume. Was is it really next year that you'd start to see material revenue there?
Tunc Doluca: In terms of sensors -- or let's just divide it up. I mean, we've got senses for -- motion sensors and we also have sensors for optical and so on. So some of the revenue for the optical sensors and the products I mentioned in the prepared remarks, those are already beginning to show even their small levels right now, but I'm quite confident those are going to grow. In terms of motion sensing, yes, that won't be until our fiscal year, probably, '14 for it to be significant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I guess, first of all, in the handset sector, what's your sense for finished device inventory out there among your various customers? And is that different than what you've seen in prior years?
Tunc Doluca: So without really getting into the numbers, in terms of inventory that we can see -- and now, let me be really clear about this. The only inventory that we can see is, we do a little poll of the customers, and we can see inventory of our products at a customer and we can see inventory of their phones that they built. But we have no visibility into the inventory that's in the retail channel. So our information about retail is pretty much 0. So in terms of what we're seeing for phone inventory, it's really been flat for a pretty long time now. So this is at the manufacturers themselves, including compound inventory for Maxim. So it's been flat for -- I'm looking at the data now -- almost 1.5 years. So I think -- but I want to make sure everybody understands, our visibility is only into the manufacturer. We don't know beyond that, we have no information.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, can you give us a little more color on what's going on in automotive. Are any of your customers de-stocking component inventory there? What are demand trends like and -- into the end of this year and next year?
Tunc Doluca: Yes. So automotive, remember that this is an area where we're really growing. We're in a growth phase right now. And it's pretty hard for us to be able to be the bellwether for what's happening in the automotive market. All I can really say is what's happening with our products, and our products have been in a consistent ramp mode. And that's typical. When you're small, you're basically gaining market share and growing that way. So for us, it's been a successful growth story, especially in entertainment and video distribution inside the car, as well as new ramps that are starting for electric vehicle battery management-type products. So other than that, it's really difficult for us to be able to say what the stance is for car companies.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from Caris & Company.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Bruce, you indicated that you planned for on-hand inventory to be higher in the quarter, but the channel was low. If you look at the end of the current quarter, would you expect on hand channeling this very low?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, I think it's harder. I think we -- we thought it was going to be flat in the June quarter, and actually it declined about 4 days from 57 to 53. What we're seeing now is really folks kind of ordering at consumption. And so that would tend to keep, say, inventory levels stay flat. At 53 days though, we know that's low, and so, I wouldn't be surprised if it actually went up a few days. But I don't think at this point, we're seeing a kind of a robust restocking. I think we're seeing it selectively where I think in certain geographies our distributors, they let it get too low, and they're starting to restock selectively. But overall, we're still seeing a relatively cautious outlook from these guys.
Craig A. Ellis - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And what about on hand?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Oh, on hand for us, I -- my sense is we'll probably see that come down a couple of days. The one thing that we are looking at doing is, as Tun said, as far as one of our FYI '12 success stories is we've gotten much better from meeting our customers demand from a supply chain point of view, and so that's probably added a couple of days to our inventory level. Certainly, worth it from the ability to meet customer request dates. So I think those are the 2 things. So I think it probably comes down a little bit as we shift into a strong seasonal quarter and a little bit of inventory just to further improve the delivery performance to our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wong from Wells Fargo.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you give us some idea of what percentage of your total revenues are smartphones, and what percentage of smartphones do go to a single customer?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So as far as the percent, it's still in the low 30s. It probably went up a little bit. So it's probably closer to 33%, 34%, somewhere around there. As you know, from a customer reporting point of view, we are required to do that in the 10-K, which you'll see coming out -- certainly, within a month. We'll be filing our 10-K and we'll report the -- our any 10% customers at that time.
David M. Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And my follow-up, over the last couple of quarters, you've been quite successful in holding down your R&D expenses. Are you able to continue to save cost on the R&D line or should we expect to see R&D start to rise from here?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, I think in general, like we've talked about this quarter, we have our merit increase that happens in the September time period. So that kind of rolls over into the December quarter as well. We are very aware of R&D spending and R&D as a percent of revenue and trying to be as efficient as possible. And so, I think you've seen where we've continued to invest, where we need to invest it from an innovation point of view, but also looked at from a portfolio management point of view, and we've divested some product lines where we thought it made sense. So I think there's some natural inflation in the R&D lines, just from salaries and the like. But at the same time, we're working very hard to manage our overall R&D efficiency.
Tunc Doluca: Okay. I think let me add to that, if I may. Our stance continues to be conservative and cautious for next year. When I say next year, I'm talking about fiscal year '13, which we just started. So in general, we're working hard to make sure that our operating spending doesn't grow. And definitely, our goal is to grow it less than our revenue. So that's the general stance we've got for next year. Now, if something changes and our revenues really grow faster, we'll look at whether we want to invest any more or not.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda from ISI Group.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A question for you, either Tun or Bruce, you noted that July orders have been trending higher on a weekly basis versus the June quarter average. Anything more you could add on the profile of the orders in June when you started to see the weakening in the calendar second quarter and perhaps, was it a modest weakening of the orders or something relatively significant? And then I had a follow-up.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I think April is actually a good bookings month for us. I think May and early June slowed down. I think there was a lot of macro uncertainty, headline uncertainty that sort of hit and people sort of tempered their bookings on us and we saw that. And then, sort of in the back half of June and in July, to date, we've seen sort of a resumption of I think some reasonable booking patterns.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Excellent. The second question I had, I think you mentioned that lead times -- your quarter lead times I think have been running 6 weeks or slightly higher. And I think last quarter, your customer lead times were running 8 or 9 weeks. And you said that latter metric had been adjusted lower. Can you tell us what that number is now? How much closer are customer lead times to your quarter lead times?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, we're right about -- the customer order lead times are right about 9 weeks, maybe a hair below versus, like you say, about 6 weeks or maybe a little bit below that for what we can deliver to customers. So I mean, I think we've seen some decline in the order lead times. But again, there is still that, say, 3-week gap between what we can deliver to customers and what they're ordering at. And I think that from this point of view, they're just comfortable at where they have their MRP set.
Sumit Dhanda - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just 1 quick housekeeping item. I think, Bruce, you talked about smartphones as a percent of business and you said that's absurd. I just want to make sure that's smartphones and not consumer as a percentage of the business?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. That was the -- what -- let's just call it, in general, cellphones, primarily, smartphones. Yes, it's about 1/3 of the business. Overall, we -- our consumer business was 43% of revenue in the June quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Furlong from Miller Tabak.
Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: A question for you on the tablet, I'm assuming there are tablets that are -- new tablets are going to launch in the fall kind of time period. And with those, in either dollar content or volume, do you think that could potentially offset the weakness -- the potential weakness of your largest customer that everybody's expecting in the December quarter?
Tunc Doluca: Well, the short answer is no. I mean, one is a very large number and one is a small number, so -- in aggregate. So it's -- we will still be influenced a lot by what the extent of any inventory correction, if there is any, in our major customer.
Brendan Oliver Furlong - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then, the -- I had a question on your OpEx trends for the fiscal year. I don't know if I missed that on the -- early on the conversations. If you would give like a directional kind of guidance for the OpEx for fiscal year?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: No, we didn't give one for the fiscal year. We said the upcoming first quarter, the September quarter, would probably be up around 3%, basically in line with revenue. And I think Tun gave some color how, I think, overall we're looking to control OpEx very tightly. I mean it's up in Q1, primarily, because we have the issue around our annual merit process, and so -- but overall for fiscal year '13, I think we're going to work very hard to continue to control OpEx.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: First, just a clarification. Is -- did you guys say that your lead times to your customers shrunk a little bit? Your lead times, you were quoting from 6 weeks to slightly below 6 weeks?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: It's fundamentally flat. We've been at or slightly below 6 weeks for probably 3 quarters now -- 3, 4 quarters. So there's really been no change in that.
Mark Lipacis - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then, I think you talked a little bit about inventories to the extent that you can see them -- the limited extent you can see them at your handset customers being flattish. Do you think that's the case broadly across your customer base or do you think that the kind of more cautious behavior you're seeing at your distributors is also reflected at your OEM customers? And if so, what do you think it takes to get them to restock a little bit more? Is it your lead times going out or something else?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. I think in general, we look into the other markets from an OEM or ODM point of view, and again, as Tun said, this is just for the people we ship into, I think in general, the markets we've looked at it was relatively flat.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, it's correct. That's what I remember.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, in those markets. I think it's very difficult for us to forecast what it's going to take for these guys to start restocking. I think we thought there would be more -- there would be a level of restocking and distribution in the June quarter. Resales were up 5%, yet they continued to be cautious. And actually, inventory levels went down again in the June quarter. So I think probably the key thing is for these folks to get more confident about the overall economic environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If we look at the consumer guidance, up strongly I think is what you guided it to. Seems like if I put all the mix together to get to the midpoint of your overall guidance, that it still implies the consumer business wouldn't quite grow double-digits sequentially. I'm not trying to nitpick on anything, but considering the last couple of years, it's been up 10% to 15% sequentially, I guess, one, is my math in the right ballpark? And two, if it is, is there an offset to the phone business in that other roughly 10% of the consumer segment that's not phones that would be bringing that sequential growth rate down a little?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, so Ross, this is Bruce. I think, a couple of things: one, I think there is some uncertainty out there. And I think the second thing is, we are kind of in the middle of a very large product launch right now, and I think we're trying make sure we have a balanced forecast on that product launch and not kind of balancing both upside and any potential risks of how well that launch goes.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And as my follow-up, Bruce, you talked about CapEx coming down directionally in the first quarter. Could you give us any guidance to the magnitude of that? And then, potentially more importantly, just what your idea is for fiscal '13 as a whole for CapEx dollars, please?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I think it's going to come down, obviously, in the first quarter. It's hard to predict exactly how that ramp, how it's going to slow down. I think we still have some items that we have to finish off. I mean, I think overall, we've completed sort of the office, the facility investments. We completed the investments from a test capacity point of view. We still do have to finish off some of the manufacturing additions, the adding of the 180-nanometer capacity at our internal fabs. And we always have some technology investments that we need to make in our fabs and things like sensors and areas like that. So in general, for fiscal year '13, we expect it to come down and start heading down towards our long-term model of 5% to 7%. I think it's still a little early to call exactly where it ends up for fiscal year '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This one is digging into the composition of the communications business. It looks like after a fairly strong fiscal '11, communications in fiscal '12 declined on the order of 15% or 20%. I wanted -- I understand part of that is due to carrier CapEx and to your customers' customers. But I wanted to understand what your perspective is on, what are the elements of control within the communications business that you can drive growth over the coming years? And also, are there areas within comms that are still legacy areas that perhaps you'll deemphasize or divest over time?
Tunc Doluca: So from the businesses that we see growth in into the future, I'd say the 2 most important ones are small cells, the small cell base stations. And when I say that, it's a pretty broad range actually, they're all the way from femto to microcells. We firmly believe that, that is going to be a growth area in general and in terms of adoption and rollouts. And we believe that it's an area where we can add value because we do have -- it's a market where the -- our capability to integrate RF and data convergence and so on will be valued because they need low power and they need small solutions. So that's 1 area, in base stations. The other area that we believe we're going to have good growth opportunities is in general optical or fiber communications where we make much of the electronics, that interfaces signal processing to the optical itself, whether it's laser drivers or receivers and serializer and deserializer chips. So these 2 areas, I think, are probably -- we see them as the areas where we can add value and there's growth that's going to happen. We believe that there will continue to be growth in macro base stations as well, although that's not going to be at the high rate of these small cells that I mentioned. We still have some legacy telecom business, and those products seem to sell forever, and we'll continue to sell those, even though we really have -- we're not really investing from an R&D standpoint in them. So we're essentially continuing to sell products that were developed, some of them 10 -- some of them, even 10, 15 years ago. In terms of the other part of the question with divestitures, and it's -- it'd be too early for us to talk about any of those. But the major ones, we've done basically already, last year.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, Tunc. And then, my follow-up I think is for Bruce. I think in the past 2 10-K's, Samsung was about a 12% customer. Can you give us the number of what the -- what percentage is this year given that the K will be released shortly?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. Unfortunately, I can't disclose that early. And I think that's part of the K. I think it's reasonable to assume though that fiscal year '12 was a good year for our consumer business and was actually a weaker year for industrial and comm, so I think it's reasonable to expect the Samsung increases year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from RBC Capital.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Many of them have been asked and answered. But Tun, can you touch on what you're seeing in the competitive landscape? One of your, I'd call it, your largest competitor, TI, seems to have a much lower utilization rate today. And I think there's some concerns out there that they might need to get price-aggressive to do some fab filling. Are you seeing any signs of -- any early signs of that? And any thoughts you have towards what the market dynamics are looking like?
Tunc Doluca: So essentially, we -- if you look at the analog business in general, pretty much all of the high-performance companies are making proprietary products. So it's really difficult to replace products with one another. And especially in areas where we add value and there's not multiple suppliers of these functions, we really don't see any kind of out-of-the-ordinary erosion in pricing. Of course, when there are multiple suppliers and there's little differentiation between the products, those are the areas that we try to stay away from. And in those areas, I'm sure there's a lot of price competition going on, whether it's from the supplier you mentioned or from other suppliers that might be trying to vie for those same sockets. But our general philosophy has been to try to stay away from those areas and continue making value-add products. And in those areas, we're not seeing any abnormal price erosion.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And for my follow-up, if I could, just when you look at what is normal seasonal patterns to bookings, I know nothing has really been normal. What would your booking pattern for the balance of this quarter look like?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, Doug, as we've said, we haven't had a seasonal quarter, let alone seasonal linearity in quite a while. So I don't think I can give you a good answer to that. Sorry.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Elizabeth Howell from Raymond James.
Elizabeth Howell: Most of my questions have been asked as well, so I just have 1 sort of longer-term question. Regarding the 40-, 100-gig optical systems market, I think you only go as high as a 40-gig offering currently. When can we expect you, you'll move into the 100-gig space? And can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the 40-, 100-gig market generally? Some reports suggest companies are moving right from 10-gig to 100. And are you seeing the demand for the 100-gig solution or do you think that is a limited case right now?
Tunc Doluca: I think the best answer I can give you right now is that I need to look into that. I don't -- off the top of my head. I really don't have an answer for you, frankly. So maybe if you call back and we find out, we can give you an answer.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, I'll certainly follow up with you after the call.
Elizabeth Howell: Okay, great.
Tunc Doluca: All right, sorry.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator. Before we end the call, I'd like to mention again that we look forward to seeing you at the Maxim's 2012 Investor Day in New York on September 5. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We'd like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Venk Nathamuni -  Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Tun Doluca - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Venk Nathamuni, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator and welcome, everyone to Maxim Integrated Products Fiscal Third quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. During today's call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that these statements must be considered in conjunction with the cautionary warnings that appear in our SEC filings. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements in this call involve risks and uncertainty and that future events may differ materially from the statements made. For additional information, please refer to the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are posted on our website, all available from the company without charge. Now I will turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Thanks, Venk. I will review our third quarter financial results. Revenue for the third quarter was $571 million, down 3% from the second quarter. Our revenue mix by major market in Q3 was approximately 41% for consumer, 27% industrial, 17% communications and 15% computing. Our consumer business declined slightly, due to seasonal trends. Our industrial business was flat as distributors stopped producing inventory. Our communication business was down slightly due to continued weakness in base stations, partially offset by the end of the inventory correction in fiber optics. Our computing business was down across most segments. Gross margin, excluding special items, was 60.4%, essentially flat with the prior quarter. Unfavorable variances from lower utilizations were offset by lower spending and lower inventory reserves. Special items in Q3 gross margin were intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Operating expenses, excluding special items, were $214 million, down 4% from Q2. Salary expense declined in Q3 because Q2 was a 14-week quarter. Special items in Q3 operating expenses were primarily acquisition-related charges. The impairment of excess manufacturing assets and a gain from the sale of a building. Special items and discontinued operations were approximately $32 million in after-tax gain from the sale of our clock synchronization and next-generation 12-gig storage product lines. Q3 GAAP operating income, excluding special items, was $131 million or 23% of revenue. The Q3 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 24% compared to 26% in the prior quarter due to ongoing improvements from our international tax structure. Special items in the Q3 tax rate included prior period cost-sharing expenses related to our international restructuring. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items was $0.33, down slightly from $0.34 in Q2 as lower operating expenses and lower tax rate offset the lower revenue. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. During the quarter, cash flow from operations was $196 million or 34% of revenue. Inventory declined slightly to 89 days from 91 days in the prior quarter. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalog distributors, increased 1 day to 57 days. In dollar terms, general inventory declined by 4%.  Net capital expenditures totaled $44 million in Q3, as we invested in long-term manufacturing capacity and new facilities, offset partially by the sale of a building. Free cash flow was $140 million or 25% of revenue. Share repurchases totaled $29 million in Q3 as we bought back 1.1 million shares. Finally, in Q3, we paid $64 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $119 million in the third quarter to $936 million. Moving onto guidance. Our beginning Q4 backlog is $388 million, up approximately 6% from the prior quarter. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q4 revenue of $590 million to $620 million or up approximately 6% at the midpoint from Q3. Q4 gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated at 60% to 63%, improving due to higher revenue, associated higher utilization and strong spending controls. Other variables that may influence Q4 gross margin include product mix and inventory reserves. Special items in Q4 gross margin are estimated at slightly over $9 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. Q4 operating expenses, excluding special items, are expected to be up 2% to 3% sequentially, less than half of the revenue increase. The increase in OpEx is due primarily to higher variable bonus and moving costs for our new headquarters building.  Special items in Q4 operating expenses are estimated at $4 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential items that may occur during the quarter. Our Q4 tax rate, excluding special items, is estimated to decline to 20% to 24%. For our fiscal year '13, we are now expecting a tax rate, excluding special items, in the low 20s. For Q4 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.37 to $0.41. Capital expenditures in Q4 are expected to increase over Q3 due to investments in manufacturing capacity expansions and new facilities. Due to these items, we expect fiscal year '12 CapEx to be above our business model, 5% to 7% of revenue. We expect fiscal year '13 CapEx to return to our business model. Finally, our Board of Directors approved a payment of a cash dividend of $0.22 per share, approximately a 3.2% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I will now hand the call over to Tun to discuss our business.
Tun Doluca: Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. Let me start by highlighting 3 key developments. One, gross margin exceeded our guidance, and was virtually unchanged from the previous quarter despite the revenue decline. Utilization improved and our manufacturing organization did a great job controlling spending in a very challenging quarter. These resulted in better earnings per share than projected. Two, we continue to actively manage our portfolio by increasing investments in key product lines while divesting non-core businesses. In January earnings call, we have discussed the sale of our clock synthesis and synchronization product lines. During the March quarter, we also sold our 12-gig storage product line to PMC-Sierra. Three, business conditions and orders improved in all 4 major markets. Let me next turn to our just-completed quarter and give you an overview of lead times and bookings. During the March quarter, order lead times remained virtually unchanged from the prior quarter and bookings improved noticeably, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio comfortably above 1. Our delivery lead times were unchanged. I will next provide some color on our major markets. I will start with consumer. We expect this market to be up strongly, led by resumption of growth in our smartphone business, following a seasonally slow March quarter. Beyond cell phones, production has started of design wins in Japanese digital video and DSLR cameras, with our unique USB charging chip. And production is ramping of an e-reader that also uses our USB charger. We continue to execute our long-term strategy in the mobility markets. Let me expand on this. During our last earnings call, we had mentioned potential Power SoC design wins at 2 additional top-tier smartphone customers. We began shipping small quantities to both customers in the March quarter. Although we are currently designed into a limited number of handsets at each, it opens the door for us to proliferate our Power SoC to other platforms offered by these customers. We're extremely excited about the upcoming announcement of a new smartphone platform by one of our key Asian customers. Our dollar content in this new platform is higher than in prior successful smartphones due to higher levels of complexity and integration. We're also anticipating the launch of a new phone by another Asian smartphone supplier. It will be the first smartphone to ship with a Maxim Power SoC and audio codec inside. Second, let me discuss industrial. We project June quarter industrial revenue to be up slightly. We expect growth in the security and automotive segments to be offset by a decline at 2 specific medical customers. The largest segment of industrial is control and automation. this segment has a broad customer base, buying predominantly through the distribution channel. We believe that these customers and the sales channel have consumed inventories and are now ordering at end-consumption levels. In medical ultrasound imaging, we have several high-voltage design wins for switches and pulsers. These products have industry-leading performance and are manufactured on a proprietary high-voltage process we developed that was optimized for this application. Third, communications. We project revenue to be up slightly. The base station market is rebounding as inventory returns to normal levels. However, this is partially offset by continuing softness in traditional telecom. At Mobile World Congress, there was a lot of excitement about small cells. We've enhanced our leadership position in RF for small cells with a strategic investment in Scintera Networks, a leading provider of adaptive signal processing solutions for wireless communications. Maxim's state-of-the-art high-performance RF transceiver solutions, coupled with Scintera's novel analog pre-distortion technology, will offer superior small cell RF solutions. We believe our partnership will enable rapid deployment of power efficient, small cell base stations to cellular infrastructure OEMs and network operators. Fourth, in the computing market, revenues will be up, led by Data Storage systems and financial terminals. Here, we expect to benefit from Intel's Romley chipset rollout, as system vendors ramp new storage systems that use our 6-gig SAS expanded products. Additionally, we are seeing renewed strength in our older 3-gig SAS products, as customers fill the demand for increased storage capacity. In financial terminals, we have a design win at yet, another Chinese manufacturer that is now ramping into volume production with our secure microcontrollers. At the conclusion of my prepared remarks, I'd like to thank Vijay Ullal for his 22 years at Maxim. Vijay drove positive changes in our supply chain, led new market development and the acquisition of companies and technologies to name a few of his accomplishments. Vijay is leaving to pursue other opportunities. I congratulate Chae Lee for his promotion to Senior Vice President and he's taking over the reins of our mobility and consumer solutions group from Vijay. Chae has 24 years of industry experience and joined Maxim in 1999. He started our custom cell phone PMIC, now called Power SoC product line, established solid executive-level customer relationships and led the extremely successful Handheld Power Business Unit since its formation. Chae's combination of leadership and execution ability makes him uniquely qualified to spearhead our efforts in the consumer and mobility markets. I will now turn the call back to Venk.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, Tun. That's the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please begin polling for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Bruce, I noticed that gross margin was much better than my estimate for the March quarter but I missed the explanation as to why.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure, Romit. I think 2 things helped us here. One is, we worked real hard from a spending controls point of view, spending within the pad end of line supply-chain management, pretty much across all of the discipline there and so, we did much better from a spending control point of view and the team kind of really came through. The second piece there was utilizations were better than we thought. Bookings were strong for the quarter, reflected in our guidance for Q4. So those are were the 2 things. Really it was the return of utilizations and the strong spending controls.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And just sticking with gross margins. If I look at your gross margin -- if I look at your revenues over the last 2 years when they've been above $600 million, you've posted gross margin of at least 63%. And today, you're guiding a little bit over $600 million, and I think at the midpoint, 61.5%. It seems conservative. I'm just curious why we wouldn't see 63-plus percent gross margin if your revenues are in that $600 million to $650 million run rate?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I think the one thing you have to remember is as we're ramping up and utilizations are ramping up, there's always one quarter lag on the benefit of those utilizations. So as utilizations ramp, we were at 72% in Q2, we were 76% in Q3 and we expect that to probably get around 80% in Q4 for fab utilizations. As that ramps, there's always a little bit of a lag from the benefit on the gross margin side.
Romit J. Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Fiscal '11, where was capacity utilization running? Was it north of 90%?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: It was right around that number. But once we get around 90%, that's almost fully-utilized.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vernon Essi from Needham & Company.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Tun, I was wondering if you could revisit a scene that we heard a lot about a year ago and I haven't heard much of it since from some of the larger analog players and that's the 300-millimeter implementations. I know things probably haven't been favorable for that strategy lately but can you give us all an update on how that looks from your perspective going into this year, and how that might play out for the industry?
Tun Doluca: Sure. Well, I can talk more about how it affects Maxim more than the overall industry. But essentially, this was a strategy that we put in place, started working on, I'd say about probably 3 years ago and we qualified and began production last year in the fall of 2010 or so. Today, obviously, it is now -- we're producing more of our wafers in that technology. In fact, it was somewhere around 30% of our production starts last quarter, so it is helping us in 2 ways. Number one, it's helping us maintain the margin targets that we have. And number two, it's really providing us with a great deal of capacity that we actually need right now as we are ramping basically most of our smartphones, big chips or high-integration products. So it is an important piece of our strategy, and it is working really well for us right now for both of those reasons. In terms of the rest of the industry, I think one of our competitors obviously has this themselves as well. We're really -- it's difficult to comment about exactly how they're utilizing it and so on. But I can tell you that for Maxim, it's working really well right now.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And if I can just sort of dig into that a little deeper. I don't know if you disclosed this but what was your level of integration in terms of percentages this quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Vernon, this is Bruce. It's was about 35%.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then earlier, you had made comments and even in the last call, you made the same comment about the integration of an audio codec and I just want to be clear on this. Is this the same program you discussed the last time? Or are you getting incremental wins in the smartphone area with that? And then I guess furthermore, this is definitively on the same piece of silicon, this is not sort of a collateral cross sell win, correct?
Tun Doluca: Yes. So I assume you're talking about, on my prepared remarks, I mentioned a win. In that particular win, these were separate ICs. They were not integrated onto one chip. So we got wins for -- we essentially had wins for the Power SoC and we also got a win for a codec chip that we have and they're not on the same piece of silicon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about how operating expenses might look into the coming fiscal year. I mean, I think back in December, you talked about you had, I think, restrained the expenses a little bit to get through a more difficult quarter. Are you going to see any expenses come back in like for -- when can Maxim come back, something like that, that will make fee dollars going up a little bit as we get to the next fiscal year?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I don't think you're going to see anything out of the ordinary from an operating expense point of view. We'll have our normal focal increase in the September, the month of September. And so, our fiscal Q2 or the December quarter always sort of takes the step up. But I think if you look at the guidance we just gave at up 2% to 3%. So that gets you to a $218 million to $220 million range. That's still below where we were at in Q1 of 2012. So I think we've done a pretty good job of continuing to manage expenses. One of the areas that Tun talked about in his prepared remarks was around how we're kind of balancing investments in some of our key growth areas with portfolio management and the divestiture of other businesses that may not be as strategic to our long-term growth.
Jonathan Steven Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just for my follow-up question. I was wondering if you can comment on some of the next -- for the rest of the -- for this calendar year, how you sort of see growth for your consumer category. I guess the bulk of that's probably handset business? Because you said near term, it's recovering. I mean, is that going to be a double-digit grower this year, do you believe?
Tun Doluca: I can't make really, comments for way towards the end of the year. But the 2 effects that we're seeing right now, number one is obviously, we're entering typically, there's an increase in handset or smartphone sales that occur in the June quarter and in the September quarter. So we got that effect going on. And in addition to that, we are adding a couple of new production ramps with 2 new customers. Although those are a limited number of models but they still help. And the other effect that we're seeing is that the products that we now ship into the most modern phones have a lot more complexity and content. So that's also giving us a tailwind, because the average dollar content goes up as well. So if you include all of those things, as I said, we guided that our revenue would increase strongly especially in the June quarter. And that does mean double-digit-type growth that we expect.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Aashish Rao for Vivek. A question on handsets. Historically, you've had high exposure to the Korean lenders but you just highlighted 2 other designs ramping at 2 Asian vendors. Perhaps you could give us some color on your current handset customer mix? And how you see that changing over the course of the fiscal year '13?
Tun Doluca: Okay. So first of all, you're correct. We've got a very strong position at one Asian customer. We've added 2 more, as I mentioned. And those 2 were really not -- not both of them are in Asia, by the way. And those are just beginning. The way these relationships begin is that we kind of have to prove ourselves first, winning a couple of cell phone models and that's essentially what's happened and -- at these 2 new vendors I talked about. And what's happened recently was that we actually began to ship those models. So we had won the design but hadn't begun shipping. And as the year progresses, I expect those designs to proliferate to other models at those 2 vendors. The exact timing of when that's going to happen and what the volume is going to be is hard to predict. But clearly, a part of our strategy is to be able to supply to more than one large customer of ours. So from our viewpoint actually, that is going pretty well. So we're pretty strong at one, 2 more that we're adding right now. And we're also ramping at another Asian customer that we had some business in, but we believe we're going to get more content in some of their newer phones. [indiscernible] as I mentioned, they'd have the both codec win and the Power SoC.
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right, cool. And one more question, this one on computing. I mean, sales sure are down about close to 50% from peak. I mean, you've been exiting some other commodity notebook and desktop PC power management businesses. I think last year, you said your PC exposure was about 7%, 8% or so. Perhaps you can remind us what it's at currently and timing around when we can see the segment begin to grow again from your investment areas such as storage, servers, data centers and financial terminals?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: This is Bruce. I will answer the first half that. The notebook computers were about -- they're probably down to about mid-single digits right now as a percent of total revenue. So that has continued to drift down as we kind of reallocate resources to higher growth markets.
Tun Doluca: I didn't get the second part of that question, did you?
Aashish Rao - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. Like, I mean, do you expect computing to now grow in FY '13?
Tun Doluca: So the biggest piece there always is the PC piece. And as Bruce mentioned, we're really not very heavily investing in it unless we find some areas that we can differentiate. So I don't really think that, that's going to be a growth market for us this year [indiscernible] also.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Jim Schneider in for Jim Covello. I was wondering, Tun, I think you talked about you believe you're shipping at end consumption levels in some markets so as with some areas of industrial? Can you talk about maybe broadly speaking, across your end markets, any areas where you're thinking you're shipping most under consumption?
Tun Doluca: Yes. The comment that I made was mostly about industrial. So let me just go over it very briefly here. So in the industrial market, we were under-shipping in demands in the past as customers and distribution was reducing their inventory levels. We believe right now that we were really shipping at end-customer demand in those markets. However, those same -- the same channel and customers are really not replenishing the inventory that drew down. That's why we're not seeing a big increase in demand. So we believe that our orders and our shipments are pretty much balancing what their -- at their consumption rates in industrial. I also talked a little bit about communications, especially on the base station market. There was a pretty big buildup of inventory in that channel, and we believe that, that's now been consumed. And now, we're beginning to ship at the levels that the customers are consuming the end product. Whether that channel is going to rebuild its inventory or not, we don't really quite know. We don't know what their intentions are. In the other markets, like in mobility, I think they were pretty much shipping at the consumption levels and we -- when we look -- when we do our analysis and look at inventory levels in those other markets, they look to be pretty normal and there doesn't seem to be a desire from customers to actually increase their inventory level. So in those 3 markets that I've mentioned, we really were pretty much, shipping at the consumption levels of that equipment.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So it sounds like you're not under -- you don't feel you're under-shipping in any end markets at this point.
Tun Doluca: It doesn't feel like it to us.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then as a follow on, on the utilization question, can you just quantify for us what your utilization rate is today versus what it was one quarter ago, please?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. Fab utilization rate in Q3 was 76%. In Q2, it was 72%. And just as a reference point, in Q1, when we were at $636 million in revenue, it was at 89%. And as I said, as our business bookings continue to come in nicely, we expect that utilization rate to increase to probably right around 80% or so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can I just make sure I understand how the utilization rate metrics work? Because from earlier conversations, you outsourced some stuff to some offshore partners, foundry partners. How much is outsourced at the moment, if any?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. It's about half of our fab manufacturing production is currently outsourced to our 3 foundry partners.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I see. So Tun, you described your partners as shipping to end consumption. Is the increase in utilization rates designed to match that or are you anticipating to raise your inventory just to make sure that you have enough in case demand does come back strongly?
Tun Doluca: Well, we've -- if you look at our inventory days, they actually are below what we'd like to have in general. Bruce, it was 89?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: 89.
Tun Doluca: It was 89 days last quarter and our goal is really 90 to 100. But there's other variables that work into that, like how much of your inventory is coming from outsourced foundries versus in-house and so on. So our goals are really pretty simple. We want to have enough inventory so that we can support customers with about 6-week lead times. And we're comfortably able to do that right now. We're actually -- our delivery capabilities are slightly under that and they have been so for a couple of quarters. So we believe that our inventory levels are good. We have, as you can tell, we have available capacity in our fab, internal fabs and there is also some available capacity in the external foundries, strategic foundries as well. So our inventory positions are pretty comfortable and we have additional capacity available. So we can -- if the demand goes up higher, we're really able to support that. When we do our calculations, we think that we have fab capacity. If it all comes in the right mix, I have to give you that warning, to support up to almost $1 billion of revenue per quarter. So we're really in good shape in terms of capacity right now.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just one more question. In terms of the commentary you made about base station and wireline, do you have any insight as to what that may mean by region? So when you talk about basic and rebounding, obviously we know that North America seems to be doing better with some of the key customers there is in CapEx. But any comments or any insights you can provide toward our reach, that's going to be helpful.
Tun Doluca: Yes that's going to be -- I mean, it's pretty broad based and I don't have the specific data in front of me, so I'd rather not comment on it since it's not in front of me.
Uche X. Orji - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Let me just try something else on the regional mix as well. In industrial, when you were describing industrial exposure, what are you seeing by region on that front? And also, in your conversations with your customers, what do you think the inventory levels are related to history and I'm assuming its below historical levels and could you give me an insight as to whether this is going to be a new normal for inventory levels or what will be the categories for them to review this back to what maybe at the level it had been prior to the current restocking?
Tun Doluca: So let me just take the first portion. So this is -- you mentioned there when you talk to your customers and the truth of the matter is we talk to very few customers in the industrial market, very broad-based. And the main people that we talk to, to get market information is really the distribution channel. So it depends on what their intentions are going to be, because we're further removed from the customer in that space. But the general feedback we were getting is that they appear to be comfortable with the inventory levels that they carry. It's a little bit under what we actually would desire. Frankly, they're about in the high-50s and we really want it in the mid-60s is what we desire. But I think they are comfortable with suppliers being able to support them with products. So until something changes there and they get the feeling that there's any kinds of concerns on the supply side, I think they're going to pretty much, be at these levels. So it's all going to be determined by all of us in the analog industry and with the suppliers and whether we begin to extend lead times and so on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: On the tax item, looks like you're seeing better expectations for -- or a lower tax rate going forward. How much of that was related to the one-time, I guess, international tax restructuring and what exactly was that event?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. I think the move from sort of mid 20s to low 20s was primarily related to the same effect that caused the one-time charge. And really, what that one-time charge was in Q3, we added some new countries to our international structure, which would then allow us to get a greater percentage of our revenue at a lower rate. And because we're achieving this greater international participation in our structure than we originally assumed, we actually need to increase the startup cost-sharing accruals. So basically, think of it as we're getting more benefit from our international structure, therefore, we need to make sure that those original kind of cost sharing accruals reflect at that higher participation. So we have to kind of make some adjustments for some prior period accruals, and that's really what you're seeing from the one-time charge. That's a non-cash charge. It's really a provision from that point of view. And as we indicated, to the extent that we bring it down into the low 20s, it pays for itself very, very quickly.
Shawn R. Webster - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then a couple more questions. One is on the divested businesses. You had a gain on it in the quarter. Did those -- how much in revenues did those business units contribute and were they above your corporate average in gross margins, one. And then secondly, I was wondering, you said your backlog at the end of March, it looks like it grew roughly 6% sequentially. Has it continued to grow over the course of April?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So as far as the 2 businesses go, the storage next-generation 12-gig product line that we sold, if that the next-generation, we're actually just now ramping our 6-gig product line. And that product's life cycle is usually 3 to 5 years. So we don't expect, within the next couple of years, any impact related to the sale of that next-generation storage product line. As far as the clock synchronization product lines, the revenue impact to that was immaterial from our overall corporate revenue point of view.
Tun Doluca: And you also add the gross margins that we shouldn't -- that's no longer our business, so we should not be commenting about this gross margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: One question on the demand side of the equation. Can you talk about how much of your revenues came from disti and then the demand patterns in the distribution side of the equation versus the OEM side?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. About 30% of revenue was from the distribution channel. When we look at our distributors, they actually had a really good quarter. We saw the kind of the bookings on Maxim was up 26%. That compares with overall Maxim bookings of up 12%, so we had a good quarter from a distribution point of view. End market bookings, these are the bookings from the distis customers on the distis were up 10%. So we're continuing to see that strong end-demand that I think other folks have been seeing in the industrial market. I think from -- compared to the OEMs, Tun has given commentary around our mobility business. Obviously, we're being -- we're seeing that business up strongly. And so, we're seeing booking patterns that reflect that strength.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: As my follow-up, switching over to the OpEx side of things. Bruce, I think you highlighted that in the September quarter, I believe you said, is when you have your annual merit increases. Can you just remind us how we ballpark that as far as either a percent of revenues or total absolute dollars please?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes, it's usually about a couple percent impact for the full quarter impact.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple percent up sequentially?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then I guess, one last one if I could sneak in. Inventory reserve charges, what were they? Did you have them in the fiscal third quarter and do you expect to have any in the fiscal fourth, please?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. And just to make sure on that prior question, Ross, that 2% up, that full quarter impact is in December. In the September quarter, we only have one month of that, we only have it for the month of September from a modeling point of view. So from that point of view -- I'm sorry, what was the other question?
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The gross margin. I believe in the December quarter, you had significant inventory reserves as a headwind to gross margin. You thought you'd still have those in the March quarter. I'm just wondering, did they exist in the March quarter and do you expect them to exist in the June quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yes. We always have some level of inventory reserves. It's usually about right around 1% of revenue or so. That's the normal range. In the December quarter, they were significantly higher than that. I think we talked about it. It impacted gross margins by about 1 point. They came back down into the normal range in the March quarter and we, from a modeling point of view, we always just sort of assume that we'll have that same level.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I think one of the things you guys have talked about over the last 2 quarters was this initiative of taking some of the product out of foundry and bringing it into your internal fabs. I know that's been a project that's been around for a while. Was that a contributor to the March quarter gross margin upside or June quarter? And perhaps, you could tell us what the status of that is. Is there a future gross margin benefit we can expect from that initiative?
Tun Doluca: Sure. So just to bring you over to the same page. So the subject was that most of the demand coming for our mobility products coming in, our most advanced technology that's in production. And currently, we're producing most of those wafers at our strategic foundry partners. And we had an effort in-house to actually bring it up or qualify at a couple of our internal foundries so we could rebalance the load and increase the utilization of our internal fabs. So that product is ongoing. There was some delay in the qualification at our San Antonio fab but we are catching up and we expect to qualify that process this quarter. We really didn't ship any production wafers since it's not qualified in the March quarter. So that had no effect. So we didn't see the positive effect of what we would get by increasing our internal utilizations. We do expect that we'll qualify one of our internal fabs this quarter and we actually will begin to make starts as well. And in our second internal fab, we expect to qualify that by the end of the year. So we'll be able to source that process technology from -- 2 internal and 2 external fabs.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Is there a way of quantifying the gross margin benefit or the utilization benefit that you'd be able to get once that first fab is qualified, and then when it's complete with the second tab?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: We manage our capacity and our fabs to try to run around 90% utilization. And by bringing in the S18, which Tun talked about, basically what that's doing is that's replacing some older technologies that are falling off. And so, this is actually just really maintaining kind of the full utilization of our internal fabs. And so I think from that point of view, it allows us to operate our fabs at the most efficient level where we've been before. So I don't think this will increase our 61% to 64% gross margin target model.
Christopher Caso - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, great. And just one follow on, if I can. You talked about the content increase at one of those high-profile smartphone wins. As you look forward, is that something you expect more broadly across your smartphone exposure such that you think you guys might be able to grow a little faster than the growth we might see in the smartphone? And I guess, that has something to do with market share at that lead customer as well.
Tun Doluca: Yes. Our general direction is really to provide more and more functionality and complexity to our customers. And why do we do that? It's pretty simple. They want it from us because it makes it easier for them to design these phone platforms quicker. And it also saves them space on the overall PC board. And in many cases, also increases their battery life. So the direction is going to be in adding more and more functions and complexity to the products. And that should really lead to us being able to capture more of the ESP inside of each of these smartphones. The rate at which that progresses is going to be different at each customer. It's going to depend on how much they really want to trust us to be able to supply that. And obviously, it's going to be -- the leading customers are the ones that are going to be -- that have been with us for the longest, which is exactly what we're seeing right now. So we definitely have plans to increase the complexity and the content in these Power SoC products that we make. And that should, if we execute that strategy well, it should be able to increase our unit sales, as well as our market share because of the higher dollar content. I mean, just to give you an idea, I don't know if this was asked in a previous call or not, but we still believe we have a lot of runway in that market, where our share in smartphones, in terms of the analog available market, this is probably in the mid-teens, and we should be able to, with the strategy that I mentioned, more complexity in adding a few more OEMs be able to increase that going into the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The first question here is regarding the touch controller market for handsets. Yesterday, one of your competitors actually announced that they're exiting that market in light of increasing competition from both Taiwanese and Korean competitors. I wanted to just get an assessment of your view of that market. How that's evolved over the past several months with regard to competition.
Tun Doluca: Well, the touch market, I have to admit, humbled us a little bit. It is a very competitive market. There's multiple suppliers in it and the sockets turned out to be more sticky than we thought. And in some cases, we actually believe that we'd won the designs and it turned out that the customers -- and we reported on these design wins, by the way. And it turned out the customers wanted to reduce the risk. So they essentially -- they remained with the incumbent supplier. So that, from selling of a single touch unit that just does that function and that function only for a phone, we see that continue to be a very competitive market with a lot of pressure in terms of pricing and so on. But that is a technology now that we have in our arsenal. We have a very good technology and when the time comes and the customers are ready for it, it's a technology that we can put inside of our Power SoC products. So from a technology building standpoint, it's been good for us. And it is -- it truly is a product that performs well under very noisy conditions, which is the biggest concern of most of the handset manufacturers. But the market is -- it's pretty competitive as I said and I assume that it's going to remain that way for quite a while.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then as my follow-up, I think earlier today, Avnet actually made the comment that they were beginning to see some early signs of lead time stretching in certain components. I just wanted to get your take on whether or not you've seen that yet? And what your expectations are over the next couple of quarters, given what your customer conversations are indicating about the second half.
Tun Doluca: So when you say lead time extensions, you mean by the suppliers, I assume?
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Correct.
Tun Doluca: Yes, so we're -- I mean, in terms of in the analog field, first of all, we are not having any lead time extensions ourselves. That's the most important point to make. We do have enough capacity and we have enough inventory to be able to support our customers. We've not seen -- basically, I've read the summaries of some of our competitors in the field and they were not talking about lead time extensions for themselves. So it doesn't appear like there's a capacity shortage in the field, at least not yet. And it looks like suppliers are in reasonably good shape. How it will turn out 6 months from now, its going to depend on how the demand grows. But we're not -- we don't have any visibility that says that the lead times are going to extend in the near future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney from Longbow Research.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: One more question on the fascinating topic of smartphones. So the problems over at TSMC and the constraining upset that Qualcomm has talked about, I was just wondering if that had any impact on what you expect to see in terms of orders throughout the calendar year? And if there's any other spillover for you guys from that?
Tun Doluca: Yes. We actually don't really see an effect on us from the shortages. I assume you're talking about the shortages in 28-nanometer technology there. We have -- obviously, we did hear about it. We evaluated what the impact is going to be on Maxim. We took that account when we were giving our guidance for the quarter. But the impact really is not -- I mean, it's not perceivable in terms of the products that we sell. So we don't think that, that's going to have an impact on what happens at us in terms of our sales of our products, especially our Power SoCs.
JoAnne Feeney - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, excellent. And then perhaps on the automotive side, could you give us an update on how your demand is looking there and how your various products are proceeding?
Tun Doluca: So on the automotive side, essentially we had going into -- from the December to the March quarter, we had strong growth in the automotive field. We, in the near -- I mean in the future, in terms of this quarter and the June quarter, we expect increasing demand for our products, mostly coming from infotainment products that we sell into Japan, and also the ramp up of our some Keyless go products. So there's some areas we are definitely seeing more demand than others in that space. Long term, we continue to invest in this market. I think it's going to be a good growth market for the company because of all the technology we have to offer, but also for the amount of electronics that keeps increasing inside of each car. So corporate-wide, we have investment in the sensors field, especially in the motion sensor area. We have investments in infotainment products for power, for RF products, and as well as high-speed serial communications products. And finally, we have investments in battery monitoring technology. So all of those are going to be good opportunities for the company. And I'm really encouraged by the fact that our customers really do like the technology we have to offer. And that will result in growth for us in the long term.
Operator: And due to time constraints, we will take one more question. Our final question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from RBC Capital.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If I could start with Tun. You guys have talked about your strategy of higher integration products and you've been very successful with that in the wireless market. Can you talk about any progress you've made on taking similar strategy to tangential markets?
Tun Doluca: Yes. So if you look at our high integration product sales, about half of it is going into -- probably more than half now because of the great growth we've had in smartphones into the mobility market. We have made high integration products for other markets as well, obviously. And those products are also being successful. I mean, we've got them in SoCs that we sell into smart meters for example, it's a pretty good example of a success story that came to us, as you know through the acquisition of Teridian almost about a couple years ago. But we've been continuing to grow that business and the customers really like the fact that they can buy one product and be able to do all of the functions they need inside that application. Also in the smart grid area, we've got high integration products to do the power line communications. That's another field that's interesting from a customer standpoint. In automotive, customers keep asking for high integration solutions and we're absolutely trying to make those products for them. And they're asking for it because it really gives them a smaller solution as well as higher reliability because they can reduce component count inside of the car. So that's another space where we've seen the need for high integration products. In the comms market, we've invested very steadily in small cells and mostly in femto cells, where we can put an entire RF transceiver including the data conversion piece on a single piece of silicon. And in fact, in that market, we really -- in the femto cell market, we have the commanding market share for RF transceivers today. And all that technology we have can easily be put into micro cells or small cells that are a little bit different than femto cells, so that's another area that requires high integration. So we're pretty much seeing this across-the-board. And the market where it's probably going to come last and it's going to be the broad industrial base. But even in that space, we have some ideas about how to really deliver solutions to our customers and make their jobs easy. I mean that's basically the goal of the company. So I think essentially, this strategy that we've got of giving high integration solutions to our customers is being well received by our customers. And I think we're going to continue to make progress every year on how many design wins we're getting in all 4 markets, frankly, to grow our business.
Doug Freedman - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If I could, I'm going to give you a little warning. This is sort of a 3-parter since I'm up against the clock. You mentioned the femto cell market. Can you give us a sense of when the timing -- what the timing and the uptake of that is? And then you also had the acquisition of SensorDynamics. Could you give us an update on the progress of the gyro development there? And then the last part of the 3-parter is the Powerchip has been in the market with some rumors out there that their fab is for sale. Is that going to have any impact on you? Have you looked at that? Do you think you need to make $300 million asset investments?
Tun Doluca: So let me take them in the order you asked. Yes, so the first one was on femto. We have been in these designs and we have been shipping production units for this. And it's really how fast the ramp is going to be which is really unclear. I don't think I can make good comments about how fast that ramp is going to be. All I can say is that we have our first-generation products in production today and we're already in the process of preparing our second generation products, essentially for LTE solutions. Our current solutions are mostly for CDMA and 3G products, so it's really hard to figure out what the ramp rate is going to be. It's going to depend very heavily on what the service providers want to do. Because in most cases, they're trying to get subscribers who are outside of their coverage to stick with them, and that's how the femto or in some cases, give away femto stations to consumers. So not a good answer for you, but that's all I know right now in terms of being able to predict how fast the ramp is going to be. On the SensorDynamics front, we're actually making good progress. Our goals were really to make -- to begin to make these products or produce these products in our own facilities and we're making good progress on that. It will be some time before it's completely qualified because the current products that we sell are for the automotive markets and there's some qualification processes that are extensive in that market. We're also making good progress on making our first consumer gyro products. Those are going on very well and we've got some initial products that we're evaluating in the lab. So that's going very well in my view as well. So we're pretty much on plan is the short answer in the SensorDynamics front. Your last question was on Powerchip, the 300 millimeters supply. As you know, 300 millimeters, we don't do in-house, we all do it outside and at one strategic foundry, which is Powerchip. Whether -- I do, I have read and we obviously know by talking to them about their plans and any fail that they have doesn't really involve the fab that we're using. Therefore, we're in pretty good shape. Eventually, we have to look at all our options and see if we do have to add another source of supply and we probably will. But we don't really -- we're not in a position right now to announce when it's going to be and who it's going to be. But as soon as we make those decisions, we will let you all know what's going to go or what's going to happen.
Venk Nathamuni: Thank you, operator. This concludes Maxim's conference call. Thank you all for your participation and for your interest in Maxim.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-01-26 05:00:00) =====
Executives: Paresh Maniar  Executive Director, Investor Relations Tun Doluca  President and Chief Executive Officer Bruce E. Kiddoo  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Romit Shah  Nomura Securities Uche Orji  UBS (US) James Schiro  Goldman Sachs & Co. Craig Ellis  Caris & Co. Mark Lipacis  Morgan Stanley Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel Craig Berger  Friedman, Billings Terence Whalen  Citigroup 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays program, Mr. Paresh Maniar. Please go ahead, sir.
Paresh Maniar:  Thank you, Jonathan, and welcome everyone to our Fiscal Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. There are some administrative items that Id like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call. And in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, Id like to remind you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end market consumption of our products, anticipated tax benefits and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Its important to note that the companys actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. During the quarter, Maxims corporate representatives may reiterate the business outlook during private meetings with investors, investment analysts, the media and others. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business are contained in the companys SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2011. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, in keeping with the SECs fair disclosure requirements, we made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end of todays call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. I will now pass the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo:  Thanks, Paresh. I will review our second quarter financial results. Revenue for the second quarter was $591 million, down 7% from the first quarter. All end markets were down equally. Our revenue mix by major market in Q2 was approximately 41% for consumer, 26% industrial, 17% communications and 16% computing. Our consumer market declined due to normal year end inventory management. Our industrial, communication and computing markets were down due to overall industry weakness. Gross margin excluding special items was 60.5%, down approximately three points from the prior quarter due to lower utilization and higher inventory reserves. Special items in Q2 gross margin were intangible asset amortization and inventory write up post some acquisitions. Operating expenses excluding special items were $223 million, flat with Q1. Salary expense increased due to the 14th week, but was offset by lower acquisition and mass expenses. Special items in Q2 operating expenses were primarily restructuring charges and intangible asset amortization from acquisitions. Q2 GAAP operating income excluding special items was $135 million or 23% of revenue. The Q2 GAAP tax rate excluding special items was 26% compared to 23% in the prior quarter, which benefited from certain discrete items. GAAP earnings per share excluding special items was $0.34 down from $0.46 in Q1 due to lower revenue and gross margin. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, during the quarter cash flow from operations was $249 million or 42% of revenue. Inventory declined to 91 days from 100 days in the prior quarter. Inventory in the channel excluding catalog distributors declined significantly to 56 days from 67 days in the prior quarter. In dollar terms, channel inventory declined by 16%. Net capital expenditures totaled $77 million in Q2 as we invested in long-term manufacturing capacity and new facilities. As a result, free cash flow was $183 million or 31% of revenue. Share repurchases totaled $72 million in Q2 as we bought back2.9 million shares. Finally, in Q2, we paid $64 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $56 million in the second quarter to $817 million. Moving onto guidance. Our beginning Q3 backlog is $365 million. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q3 revenue of $555 million to $585 million or down 1% to 6% from Q2. This is consistent with our current mix of businesses. Q3 gross margin excluding special items is estimated at 57% to 60%, down from our normal range due to lower projected revenue and associated lower utilization. Other variables that may influence Q3 gross margin include product mix and inventory reserves. Based on the increasing bookings and lower inventory levels both internal and in the channel, we expect gross margin to return to its normal range above 60% after utilizations increased. Special items in Q3 gross margin are estimated at $9 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential restructuring activities in Q3. Q3 operating expenses excluding special items are expected to be down 3% to 4% sequentially, in line with the revenue decline. The decline in OpEx is due primarily to lower salary as Q2 was a 14 week quarter, and to a lower bonus accrual due to lower profitability. Special items in Q3 operating expenses are estimated at $7 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. This excludes potential restructuring and divestiture activity in Q3. Our Q3 tax rate excluding special items is estimated from 26% to 28%. For Q3, GAAP earnings per share excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.25 to $0.29. Capital expenditures in Q3 are expected to be flat to down over Q2, but still reflect investments and manufacturing capacity expansions, and new headquarters in Dallas facilities. Due to these same items, we expect FY 12 CapEx to be above our business model of 5% to 7% of revenue. We expect FY 13 CapEx to return to our business model. Finally, our Board of Directors approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.22 per share, approximately a 3.2% yield at yesterdays closing stock price. I will now hand the call over to Tun to discuss our business.
Tun Doluca: Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call, and good afternoon. Today, we are conducting this conference call from two locations. Paresh and Bruce are in Sunnyvale, California. Every year, I spend two weeks in each continent discussing our company direction with employees and soliciting input. Today, I happen to be in Munich, Germany as part of this global office visit. Let me start by highlighting three key developments. One, earnings per share was at the high-end of guidance range. This resulted from spending controls instituted during the December quarter and the flood OpEx despite a 14th week of salary expense. Two, our highly integrated products continue to gain traction and accounted for a record 37% of revenue. Three, our R&D investment continues to increase across our target markets. Were actively managing our portfolio by increasing investments in some product lines and reducing or divesting others. A recent example of this was the sale of our Clock Synthesis and synchronization product line, which allows for increased investments in other areas. We are highly committed to the communications market, and have elected to focus our R&D on more promising product line. Let me next turn to our just completed quarter, and give you an overview of lead times and bookings. During the December quarter, lead times remained unchanged from the prior quarter and bookings, which had been soft during the first two months of the quarter, improved noticeably during the month of December. Ongoing strength in January orders enables us to forecast our business to return to expected patterns in the March quarter. Ill next provide some colors on our major markets. First, Ill discuss consumer. The March quarter is traditionally weak in consumer, and we do expect this market to be down slightly. Our long term strategy continues to garner customer recognition and market attraction. We introduced our Tiny product portfolio of high integration analog products at the Consumer Electronics Show. Our efforts in integration have progressed beyond smartphones to tablets, TVs and IP cameras. The portfolio currently consist of five product lines, all of which were well received by customers. We will be adding to this portfolio over the next year. During our last earnings call, we had mentioned potential power SoC design win at two top tier smartphone OEMs. One of these wins has now confirmed, and we will start shipping product later this quarter. We still are waiting the revenue outcome at the second handset maker. The third top tier smartphone maker who has also not been a PMIC customer also recently designed our mini-PMIC into one of their upcoming models. Recently, we expanded our reach to several rapidly growing Chinese smartphone companies. A leading handset maker has designed in our PMIC into one of their smartphones. We also have an audio codec designing win in their low end models. Two smaller Chinese smartphone companies also have designed in our PMICs. Were partnering our success in handsets into the tablet space. Weve made a breakthrough at a customer, who was a strong contender in tablets. Their current generation product is enjoying recent success in the marketplace. Weve captured the PMIC socket in their future generation tablet. Additionally, we have an audio codec design win in a tablet at a Chinese customer. Were continuing to expand the market for our USB charging solution. We have added two major digital imaging companies as our customers. It will use our products in their digital still camera and their digital video camera. Our solution enables the cameras to charge from virtually any USB source. Shipment will start to ramp late this quarter. Second, let me discuss industrial. We project March quarter industrial revenue to be flat. We expect strong growth in the smart grid and automotive segments, but this strength will be offset by some other industrial segments that had not recovered. I indicated we will see growth in the smart grid segment in the March quarter. This is due to a couple of new ramp-ups in smart meter designs using our power meter SoCs, plus increases in shipments of our precisions real-time clocks used in China meters. Looking beyond the March quarter, we have won another major smart meter design this past quarter. Maxims fifth generation 32-bit metrology SoC was chosen by a major manufacture in their needed design for the Brazil smart grid rollout. Over 60 million smart meters are expected to be installed in Brazil by 2020. In the automotive segment, well see March quarter strength due to ramp-ups of existing designs as well as initial production shipments of some new design wins in smart keys and infotainment applications. SensorDynamics Keyless go product has been shipping into cars made by two leading European automotive companies, and one North American company. Its very low frequency, low power consumption characteristics along with ability to detect where the key fob is located when it is close to or within the car, make it a very attractive device for this application. Were optimistic that this product will continue to win new designs at other car manufacturers.
, : Maxims newly formed Industrial Group is focusing on a cohesive plan to provide solutions for smart energy, industrial automation, medical and secure applications. It is also committed to addressing the needs of the broader customer base, people that buy their products through distribution. The formation of this group with the key technologies for the industrial market, data conversion and measurement, interface and communications and security in one organization. The streamlined decision-making will enhance Maxim's ability to provide complete system solutions. Third communications; we project revenue to be down due to weakness in base stations partially offset by the two quarter inventory adjustment ending at our fiber optic module customers. Were well positioned to win in the Gigabit Passive Optical Network or GPON and fiber-to-the-home markets where we anticipate growth as broadband connectivity increases in China and other Asia Pacific countries. During this period of weakness, the PON business has remained a bright stuff. The fiber-to-the-home rollout in China continued at an increasing rate during the last three quarters driven by higher levels of infrastructure investment. Our large module customers in China have increased their managing capacity significantly in support of the end equipment manufacturers increasing their own rights. We expect this growth to continue in the March quarter. Optical transceivers are one of the several focused product lines for our newly formed communications and power solutions group. Other product lines of significant investment include RF, signal integrity, digital power and cable infrastructure. We are excited about the opportunities available to us in these areas. Fourth, in the computing market we expect the sequential decline again, primarily due to the weak notebook segment. At the conclusion of my prepared remarks, I note that certain market segments, such as smartphones and smart meters have shown great growth during the downturn. We believe that our solid positioning in these markets enable us to outperform our similar size analog/mixed-signal peers from peak to trough. Our balanced business model is proving resilient again. I will now turn the call back to Paresh.
Paresh Maniar: That is the end of our prepared comments; we would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. Jonathan, please begin polling for question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah. Your question please.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Thanks. And Bruce, could you just clarify your comments around utilization, you said your gross margin would get back above 60% when utilization turned up. Was that  have you seen that, that happens in the June quarter. Maybe some color on utilization, Bruce. Thanks.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. Utilization were clearly down in Q2, they were actually at about 72%, down from 89% in Q1. And as you know, Romit, there is about a one quarter lag with an unfavorable variances rollout over the current quarter and the next quarter. From a utilization point of view, when we look at Q3, Q3 fab utilizations are looking flat right now. They may be up depending on the  if we see some continued strength of bookings. But what were seeing here is, for industrial products the utilizations are increasing with the improvement in the business. On the consumer side, for those products, kind of a  there is a shift in demand from our older products, which are primarily build internally to our newer products, which are primarily built a foundries. And so, were ramping increased internal production of our newer products starting in Q4. So that should help out as well. So when we get into Q4, we think utilization should be up. On the test side, utilizations are increasing in both Q3 and Q4. So based on that, its difficult to call exactly when the margins will get back over 60%, obviously it will be shortly after utilizations increase. However, if the bookings momentum continues as were seeing right now, its our expectation that Q3 will be the bottom for gross margins.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities:  I guess as a follow up, if I go back and look at previous quarters, September, you guys generated close to 30% operating margins on revenue dollars around $630 million. And if you get back to $630 million, it would seem that youd need incremental operating margins north of 100% in order to get back at 28%, 29% EBIT margin. And just like something is weighing on the P&L that wasn't there back in September. And I don't know if it's a utilization issue or something with OpEx?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yeah, it's really just the utilizations. I mean, if you look at the  back in September, OpEx was $223 million, based on where weve guided Q3, OpEx is about $215 million. So weve have done a good job of managing our OpEx from that point of view. So really what happened is, in September the gross margin was at 63.7%, and that's when we had utilizations at 89%. So since those utilizations have come down, gross margin has come down, as utilizations come back up, we're clearly seeing strength in the business from a bookings point of view, we're at low levels of inventory both internally and in the channel. We expect utilizations to come back up. So I think it's a gross margin story, I think its just due to the lower utilizations, and I think we're seeing those numbers coming back up. The other point just to highlight from a gross margin story, as we expected or were worried about kind of going into the quarter now with inventory reserves, and we did see about a point impact in the second quarter due to higher inventory reserves, which as you know is due to kind of the 12 month forecast looking forward, and that's done in the December quarter. And so, our business unit folks are usually a little conservative during the downturn. So we ended up with a higher inventory reserve in the second quarter.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Okay, great. And then just final question for Tun. Given that your business held up so much better from the peak to the trough. Do you think that has any impact on how quickly you recover off the bottom relative to some of your peers?
Tun Doluca: Well, from a recovery standpoint, we are seeing some similar results in terms of our revenue ticking up. Three points to really make here that are important. First of all, we too have experienced a meaningful bookings upturn since December, pretty much in line with what some of our peers have been saying. Number two, polling of our major customers indicates inventories are pretty much depleted both in the distribution channels and at our customers. Number three, cancellations are at historically normal levels. So all of those are indications that our customers are going to start buying product from us and getting back to the consumption level. So from our viewpoint, we see the demand definitely recovering from December and January to date. However, our product mix is different from many of our peers, so differences in timing are expected, and Im not surprised by it. For instance, our mobility business is quite significant compared to some of the peer companies that we compete with. And in general, Romit, we are seeing what other people are seeing, and we believe that were returning to our normal seasonality. If you look at historically, our Q3 or March quarter has got big swings in it, but it has been typically down in Q3. The average is about 5% down. So a little bit better than that actually in our guidance. And Q4 is usually a stronger quarter for us. So well kind of see how it goes, but we are cautiously optimistic.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji. Your question please.
Uche Orji  UBS (US): Sure. Thank you very much. Tun, let me start off asking you about the industrial segments, you just called out smart meters and automotive, but you also talked about areas that were yet to recover. So as you kind of go through that market and look out the future, what are the specific areas where you expect some recovery, and just can you talk to us about your level of confidence in this regard?
Tun Doluca:  Sure. So let me just summarize it, so were all on the same page in the call here. So what we basically said that we were seeing strength in our utility meter market, were seeing strength in automotive market. However, some of the other industrial segments like medical is expected to be slightly down, and other segments are kind of very widespread. So its kind of really hard to say exactly which one of those segments is showing some weakness. But my view is that, these other markets that have not quite recovered yet are going to recover just like everybody else. But exactly how, when thats going to happen, were not that sure. But I can surely tell you that the order levels and bookings were pretty much up in most of the markets in industrial. So I think this inventory correction that weve seen looks like its hit its bottom, at least hopefully in this quarter.
Uche Orji  UBS (US): Let me switch gears, and ask you about the smartphone customers you mentioned for the Chinese customers. Any concept, any comments you can make about it, content that you have in some of these new Chinese customers. And any comments you can make as to what you think the ramp pattern or contribution to revenue will be?
Tun Doluca: Sure. So for the Chinese customers, our initial design wins are really with products that are really not very high in average selling prices. And the revenue ramps should be pretty much in the near future, meaning this year sometime. Theyre new in this market and how successful they will be only time can show us. So were forecasting revenues for them. But I should say that were being cautious in our forecast, because how successful they are will depend on how good those models are. And we dont quite have full visibility to be able to figure out what kind of features they have, and how accepted they will be by our customers.
Uche Orji  UBS (US): I guess, Im trying to get what is going to be margin diluted for your communications business?
Tun Doluca:  No, they will not be. I mean we  as in almost all of our markets were really getting into sockets where we really have value to add to our customers, whereas they desire the functionality, space savings, or the power consumption. And when they evaluate, we get the proper pricing and the proper value and margins for our products.
Uche Orji  UBS (US): All right, thank you very much.
Tun Doluca: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Covello. Your question please.
James Schiro  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good afternoon, its Jim Schiro, just getting it for Jim Covello. Just one question on the telecom end market, especially, on the wireless base station side. I think there has been some peer reports kind of suggesting that might be weak for a little bit  a little while, whats your own view on what your customers are telling you on the base station market, when that might begin to recover?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So base station market, we started seeing weakness in the December quarter, and I think that thats going to continue for a bit. Exactly how long, we dont know. But there seems to be a lot of weakness in terms of what we hear from customers, and were also hearing and listening to some other reports coming out from those OEMs. So all of those are indicative that there will be some continued weakness in the base station market.
James Schiro  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thats helpful. Thanks. And then as a follow-up, could you give us an idea as to update on the status of your touch control product, and whether you expect a significant pick up in attach rates to either just the discreet product or with your power management this year?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So, okay, let me first answer the second question you asked. From my point view, technologically, its a little bit early to integrate that function right now. We need to get some more experience with our discreet single chip designs before we actually put them into a power SoC. So that shouldnt really be expected in the near future. In terms of our performance in the touch controller market design wins and so on, weve really had a quite a few starts and fits in that market. So I really think that, since its developing much slower than we anticipated, until we have revenue, we really don't want to discuss any details about customers or design wins. Weve done this in the past ones and designs, some of those programs got cancelled or delayed significantly. And I think, weve sent signals out that we probably should not have. So I feel a bit humbled about this, but well wait for the revenue to pick up before we comment more.
James Schiro  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understand. Thanks so much for the color.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis. Your question please.
Craig Ellis  Caris & Co.: Thanks guys, I appreciate taking the question. First on the consumer outlook, with that being down a little bit, that sounds like a little bit better than normal seasonality, just given the waiting that the handset business has in that part of you mix. As we think about the handset business, and as you think about the sequential pattern in the business for the March quarter, can you tell us what kind of incremental traction youre seeing either with new OEMs or with new products in existing OEMs or what youre seeing as the business, it sounds like its diversifying more towards a business thats got more tablet exposure rather than just tablet or rather than just smartphone?
Tun Doluca: I would still say that the vast majority of our revenues is coming from the smartphone market, and not  maybe some tablet wins, but those are really glowed by what we do in smartphones. In terms of your observation that it's going to be maybe down less than it has been in previous Q3, is that certainly the case? Some of these are, I mean most of these products by the way are mostly existing platforms. Usually, our customers ramp more into production with newer models in the June quarter. So most of the selling that we have is coming from existing designs and existing models.
Craig Ellis  Caris & Co.: Thanks for that, Tun. And as a follow-up, Im not sure this is more for you, for Bruce, but with the best future comments that were made earlier. How should we think about the way that youre looking at that. Is that a decision thats being driven primarily by the margin structure of a particular business, the growth parameters of that maybe whether or not theres a platform fit with other business. What are you looking at, and how material could those divestitures be as we think about what you might do on a full year basis?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Well, this was the first one that weve done, first of all. So were kind of getting experienced in this area. I dont think this is going to be a significant activity in the company. We look at the items that you mentioned, but the most important item for us is to make sure that we have enough resources in the product lines that we want to be in, and it can be a major force in the product lines that we want to be in. And not really be a small player in some of these other product lines, even though they might be quite profitable. So the short answer is, we look at the growth prospects with the amounts of investment that we have in a particular product line. And if we see that we need to invest a lot more, then we decide that it might be better to take those resources and really invest and focus them on the product lines that will show more growth opportunity for us. But I dont think you should really model this because were not really in the business of divesting product lines. We did this because it seems like it was the right thing to do, and it was the right thing to do, both for our customers because they did continue to get support. It was the right thing to do for our employees, as well. Because they would find homes in another company where its a major focus product line, rather being a small one in our company. But in no way, I think should you model this is something that were going to do vast amounts in the future. We might do one or two here and there, but not really big ones.
Craig Ellis  Caris & Co.: Got it. Thanks for the color you talked to us. 
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Its all right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of (inaudible). Your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking my question. Tun, the question is specifically on your top tier 1 mobile phone customers. Im wondering do you expect the content per phone and those customers to be sort of flattish or up or down in 2012. And what specific features that will drive those trends?
Tun Doluca: I see. So, if the major or highest volume customers, we were integration more and more functions especially into our PMICs and into our power SoC products. So theyre getting more massive and more functionality per chip. So in general, the content or average selling prices are going up, and are expected to go up this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Any estimate, any rough sense by how much? What was it last year, and roughly how much it can go up this year?
Tun Doluca: Id rather keep those as proprietary information, and not really reveal that. We dont want to do it for our own safe, but we also dont want to do it because our customers dont like us doing that.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up if I may, Im curious how we reconcile the strength that you are seeing in smartphones, but the weakness you are seeing in base stations, do you see any excess inventory of base stations as its concentrated in certain regions, and really how long can there be a disconnect between a very strong phone sales but weak base station sales?
Tun Doluca: Well, logic would say that you cant have a major disconnect for a very long time, otherwise youre going to run into all kinds of capacity issues with all the data demands that come from these smartphones that are growing at tremendous rates every year. In general what we believe is going to happen in the future is that, what we call macro base stations or a traditional base station thats known today. Its going to probably give some way to smaller base stations that really, especially in metro areas elevate the capacity requirements. And these are called micro base stations, there is all kinds of names and/or Femto stations even all the way to the consumer. So we believe that, thats an area thats going to grow in the future, and that might be a way to really increase the capacity with our installing a very large amount of macro or large cells. So we expect that to be a trend in the future.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Tun Doluca: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of (inaudible). Your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you. I wonder if you could revisit some of the comments you made about channel inventory, and talked about the 15% reduction in channel inventory. What does that mean in terms of revenue impact for you, and I guess the nature of the question is trying to get some idea about how far below consumption your current revenue run rates are indicating?
Bruce E. Kiddoo:  Yeah, so this is Bruce. So as I indicated in my comments, DOI actually declined from 67 days to 56, and the absolute dollars in the channel declined significantly by 16%. And I think that was the right thing to get those, to kind to get the inventory levels in place. Overall, existing revenue for us was actually down inline with the kind of the corporate decline of around 6%, 7%. I think most importantly it is kind of the forward-looking trend in that. Resales were actually up 1% in the quarter from what was a little surprising for us. We thought it was going to be a little weaker, and we saw some good strength at the end of the quarter, at the end of December as resales started to pick up. End market bookings were up 10%, and bookings on Maxim were up 23%. So all of the indicators are that, this is a channel that reduced inventory significantly over the last couple of quarter, and now we are seeing momentum from the end customers from a bookings point of view, from a resales point of view. And so we expect that to start to recover. The 56 days, I mean we like to be at above 65 days, thats where our customers prefer to run their business at. So I think there is some opportunity there for restocking in the channel.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks. And as a follow up on that, just for you comments on utilization and what that would mean for gross margins. And is it correct to assume now if utilization does in fact go up in Q4, then we should start to see the gross margin impact on that on Q1 and beyond. I think thats the pattern that was followed during the 2009 downturn period also?
Bruce E. Kiddoo:  Yeah. I mean clearly there is about  the benefits of those increases in utilizations are spread over the current quarter and the following quarter. And so, youre right that we expect to see, as utilizations go up, well see those improvements in gross margin. As we indicated  if the current bookings momentum continues, we actually expect Q3 to be the bottom from a gross margin point of view, and we should be able to see improvement in gross margin in Q4 as well as the first fiscal quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Tun Doluca:  Yeah, I think. Let me add something to that. One of the most important things that I think Bruce did say in his prepared comments was that, the way were going to improve utilizations is going to be twofold, one is obviously the booking strength continues in industrial. So that will load up some of our fabs that are  I would call our older fabs. But were also working on our news technology, which is as Bruce said, mostly sourced by our strategic foundry partners. And were working to quickly qualify that process in our internal fabs as well. And by the way, that also is a reason why our capital spending is high right now, so that we can have this flexibility in being able to move these technologies between our internal fabs and our strategic foundry partners. So theres really two things that needed to happen, and one of them is controlled by us  by us being able to qualify the process, the new process. And the other one is controlled by the demand of our older industrial products. So those things did line up, then what Bruce said is going to happen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis. Your question please.
Mark Lipacis  Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking my question. Bruce, just to make sure I understand your explanation of the last question. Are you guys of the view that the strength in bookings that youre seeing in December and January, thats driven by end market demand coming back or are we stocking inventories?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: I mean, its always hard to figure that out exactly, but certainly weve seen end market bookings increase. In the December quarter they were up 10%. And weve seen that trend continue in January, strengthen the end market booking, so that would be an indicator that its end market demand. Weve also seen as weve said, kind of the bookings on Maxim increase substantially as well. So I think its going to be a combination of the two, as we get the days back over 60 towards the mid-60s range. But were also, I think the reason that  these have started to increase their orders on us, but I think theyre feeling much more confident about the end market demand.
Mark Lipacis  Morgan Stanley: Okay, fair enough. Thats helpful. And then on the CapEx comment for the fiscal year being above normal, is that a statement on the last two quarters of fiscal year also or is that just the aggregate fiscal year?
Bruce E. Kiddoo:  Thats just the aggregate fiscal year. Our normal model is 5% to 7%, weve achieved that, I think the last three years. This year with the investment that Tun mentioned as far as our newest process technology and making sure we have a balance both internally and externally. Weve been making those investments in the September and the December quarter as well as the new facilities here in Sunnyvale and in Dallas. Thats whats going to increase above that 5% to 7%, probably in the high single digits it might go into the low double digit. But then when we look out to fiscal 13, we expect to be back within our long-term model.
Mark Lipacis  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg. Your question please.
Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel: Yeah, thank you. First question and sorry for coming back to gross margin, but could you just give us a relative contribution from the three items that are lowering gross margin in the March quarter, meaning, utilization, mix and the inventory charges?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Yeah, its actually easy Tore because its pretty much all utilization. From a mixed point of view, were not seeing too much of a delta there. From an inventory reserve, well probably get a little bit of a benefit there, but there is some other kind of puts and takes on that. So the primary driver is the utilization.
Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel: Very good. And also on CapEx, could you also be a little more specific about how much has been spent so far. Im just trying to understand between the new equipment, the new class of technologies and then also the Dallas headquarter, like how much is being spend now versus how much you still have to go?
Tun Doluca:  So I think, these are numbers in front of Bruce, so Bruce can you take that one?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure, I think if your question is, when will we complete these projects? Were expecting the majority of these projects to be completed this fiscal year. In our Dallas facility, theyre actually starting to move in this weekend. In the Sunnyvale facility, I think the date is May, a lot of the CapEx on the new S18 capacity in San Antonio has been spent. And as Tun says, were just in the process right now of qualifying and ramping up production, which is expected in the fourth quarter. So from a CapEx point of view a fair amount that has been spent, there will be some. All right, were continuing to look at the investments in our Oregon Fab as well and some of that was spill over a little bit into FY13, but in general if you sort of look what weve spent so far today, weve been running probably around 10% or so, 10% of revenue. And depending on the timing, well probably come close to that for the fourth quarter as well. And therefore, thats were well see, well probably end up right in that kind of high single digits or low double digits for the year.
Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel: I appreciate it, thank you very much.
Tun Doluca:  Yeah, one other item, also the test facility is expected to be completed by the end of this quarter as well, so
Tore Svanberg  Thomas Weisel: Great, thank you Tun. Thank you, Bruce.
Tun Doluca: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you, our next comes from the line of [John Webster]. Your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. Maybe just a continuing line on the factory network. At the end of 2010, it seemed like you have about maybe $600 million to $630 million of revenue capacity. Can you give us an estimate of what you think that could be over the next year? And then I have a follow-up.
Tun Doluca:  Sure. I dont have the number right in front of me. But it is substantial, I believe its around $800 million a quarter right now. So the benefit obviously of our strategic foundry partners is that, these are some large digital fabs which have significant capacity, and theyve been tremendous as weve seen a current example, as weve some very strong acceptance or continued acceptance for consumer products in our newest process technologies. And so, our strategic foundry partners have  we acted very quick, and weve able to meet those upsides that weve seen. And so, I think that the model continues to work as planned.
Unidentified Analyst: And Bruce, $800 is what you currently have or what you expect to have by the end of this year or some other time frame?
Tun Doluca: Yeah actually, while Bruce was talking, I found the numbers. Theyre  what it looks like is about $900 million actually in terms of equipment capacity. This is total by the way, internal plus our foundry partners.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you. And then in terms of the bookings progression, you said it got stronger in January. Is there a time when you expect your lead times to go out and/or are there certain parts of your business in terms of application areas where lead times are still tight or youre getting rush orders?
Tun Doluca: In terms of our lead times, the lead times that we are capable of quoting to our customers actually have come down slightly from last quarter. Its about six  little below six weeks now. Our customers are still ordering, and a longer lead time than that. So were not in a rush order situation as of yet. But if the bookings strengthen more, depending on the mix, we might have some. We have sufficient capacity, so its really a matter of how much ahead of our manufacturing cycle time we get, heads up on when to start wafers for a particular demand. So right now, there is  at Maxim there is no queues or no excess wait times for any orders.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Tun Doluca:  Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger. Your question please.
Craig Berger  Friedman, Billings: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate it. On the new smartphone customers that you talked about for your smartphone power management chips, can you give us a sense of how big those opportunities might be or what you might expect to see your mix of existing customers versus new customers as we look out over the next few quarters?
Tun Doluca: Well, most of these are new design wins. And frankly, its really tough to estimate how many of these new models, each of these customers are going to sell. So forward-looking, its very difficult to say how our mix is going to change by customer. You can see how quickly market shares shift in that market if you just watch it for a year, its just very rapidly. And not only that, within each company, even they have difficulty predicting which model is going to win. And since we dont have 100% of the sockets with these new customers in terms of different models, it really is very tough for us, correct to be able to predict how much were going to diversify the business. But obviously, one of our goals is to make sure that weve got multiple customers for these products and weve been working at that. But I am afraid, I wont be able to tell who  well, how its going to distribute between these new customers that we won versus the ones that we already have as mainstream for us.
Craig Berger  Friedman, Billings: Given your success, what kind of competitive response have you seen from some of your other larger competitors? And then my follow-up question was, I just wanted to understand how is distribution doing generally apart from the sort of down cycle? How much is it as a percentage of revenue now and how much was it if you look back over the last couple of years? Thanks so much.
Tun Doluca: So in terms of competition in the handset market, obviously, it is a large target for our major competitors. There is significant competition at the block level designs, but that was to be expected. Thats why most of our business continues to shift to more highly integrated parts where we do enjoy the advantage of having fewer competitors in the market. Our main competitors and most of these customers continue to be clearly the base band and where they make it, the application processor companies. And then maybe a couple of other companies that really have shown that  especially, at the low-end they can make some of these products, meaning, less levels of integration. So I guess the summary is, there is some competition, but its not that large as of yet. In distribution, weve a very good result in the last year. I think in terms of the numbers, I dont have those in front of me, so Im going to let Bruce answer those for you.
Bruce E. Kiddoo: Sure. So in the quarter, distribution was 28% of revenue. Prior to the downturn of industrial the last couple of quarters, distribution was running over 30% of revenue and that compares to kind of a [pre-adamant] relationship, we were probably running under 25% of revenue. So weve seen a significant improvement there. Probably the best data point to show that was our fiscal year 11 where we grew 24% as a company. That was a very good year. Our distribution business grew 43% year-over-year. So that market  that strategy continues to do well, some of our leading indicators the number of new customers that weve got into our design registration program has exceeded over 3,000 new customers at this point in time. Were starting to see material revenue coming from that design registration program where they go and find new customers for us. So I think most of the, kind of the leading edge metrics for our distribution strategy continue to be positive.
Craig Berger  Friedman, Billings: So much. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen. Your question please.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. This question is a little of a higher level longer-term question, it seems to me like your top two customers will probably increase as the percentage of your sales from  would then close from 10% to 20% between 2012 and 2011. My question is more broadly as we see higher customer concentration, how do you workout from a tactical management point of view, the additional burden of technological resources after working with your customers on next generation projects? Thank you.
Tun Doluca:  Okay. So first of all, I want to make sure that Im not confirming that you said, I dont think weve ever given out numbers on how larger the sales we have on our top customers. So I think that were growing at these customers, so obviously, we have talked about that and you can see it in our relative high growth of our handset business. From a technology standpoint, clearly, for those types of products, we do have to develop newer technologies at a fast pace. And we definitely have programs to be able to do that. Those technologies are also major differentiators for Maxims why we keep it in-house. But definitely you are right, it is something that we talk about, discuss and make plans for. And this applies both to process technology for wafers as well as packaging technology because all of those push the edges of the envelope. The good thing is that is a challenge, obviously that we have to be on that treadmill. But its also a big benefit because those technologies eventually give us an advantage in other markets as well because they form the basis of similar technologies that, either going to come and be needed by other markets, such as communications and industrial after a while. So it is a more difficult technology challenge to master, but thats why we are here. I mean we have to master those challenges, so that we can stay ahead of our competitors and grow the business. And as I said there is definitely a benefit to our other product lines and other market segments as well.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Thank you.
Bruce E. Kiddoo:  Hi, Terence. Terence this is Bruce, I just want to add. As well with these large customers right, the ability to kind of take a holistic approach, right and really from a design product definition point of view through execution, through supply chain management, quality assurance manufacturing. All of those things that are required to be successful, that large customers clearly that discipline in those processes we put in place, help us with all of our customers. Right, and these are significant improvements weve made over the, probably the last three to five years and thats benefited us across the board.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Okay, thanks, terrific. It sounds like the experience in the top tier has recently brought us the rest of the customer base. Maybe if I can just follow up with very few administrative questions with regard to that, what percentage of your revenues were from integrated products in the December quarter? And then in addition, can you talk in very general terms about how quickly it takes to spin a new product at your top smartphone customer. Whats that design cycle like, how much are you converting existing IT and then just adding a little bit more just to understand the configurability of that? Thank you.
Tun Doluca: Let Bruce give you the percentages, and Ill give you the commentary. How is that?
Bruce E. Kiddoo: So it about 37% in the December quarter and now it was about, about half of that was in consumer and the other half was kind of equally split between compute, comm and industrial.
Tun Doluca: So on the general commentary on our product development and ramp cycles, these products are, some of the new ones are fairly complex. They are all the way up to 200 IOs for power management IC. And the development times are fairly short for products like that. But youre still look at a year or over to design these products in Maxim, and then the ramp-up times really are relatively fast. So within  between the time we announce the product and its reaching at steady state revenue, it takes anywhere from six months to a year. So you can see that thats quite rapid compared to our typical market. And they have product lifes that depending on how specific it is to a phone line, they have product lifes of a few years, Id say maybe a couple of years or so. So its pretty rapid pace to get the design and then to win and then eventually you have to replace it with something else.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Very helpful, thank you.
Paresh Maniar: Jonathan, we will make that the last question. This concludes Maxims conference call. Wed like to thank you for your participation and for your interest in Maxim.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Tun Doluca  President and Chief Executive Officer Bruce E. Kiddoo  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Paresh Maniar  Executive Director, Investor Relations 
Analysts: Parag - UBS Investment Bank Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc Terence Whalen  Citigroup Inc Romit Shah  Nomura Securities Steve Smigie  Raymond James Blain Curtis  Barclays Capital Vernon Essi  Needham & Company Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this program is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays program, Mr. Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Paresh Maniar: Thank you, Jonathan, and welcome, everyone to our Fiscal First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. There are some administrative items that Id like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call. And in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, Id like to remind you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end market consumption of our products, anticipated tax benefits and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Its important to note that the companys actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. During the quarter, Maxims corporate representatives may reiterate the business outlook during private meetings with investors, investment analysts, the media and others. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business are contained in the companys SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2011. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, in keeping with the SECs fair disclosure requirements, we made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end of todays call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. I will now pass the call over to Bruce.
Bruce Kiddoo: Thanks, Paresh. I will review our first quarter financial results. Revenue for the first quarter was $636 million, up 1.5% from the fourth quarter. Consumer market revenue increased significantly offset by a decline in the other market. Our revenue mix by major market in Q1 was approximately 41% for consumer, 26% industrial, 17% communications and 16% computing. Our consumer market grew strongly due to continued momentum in cell phones. Our industrial, communication and computing market were down due to overall industry weakness. Gross margin excluding special items was 63.7% flat with the prior quarter. Special items in Q1 gross margin were intangible asset amortization. Operating expenses excluding special items were $223 compared to $211 in Q4. The increase was primarily due to acquisitions, our annual marry increase and mass expenses. Special items in Q1 operating expenses were primarily intangible amortization from acquisitions partially offset by a tax related benefit. Q1 GAAP operating income excluding special items was a $182 million or 29% of revenue. The Q1 GAAP tax rate excluding special items was 23% compared to 26% in the prior quarter. The decline is primarily due to increased benefits of our international structure and discrete one-time benefits. GAAP earnings per share excluding special items was $0.46 up from $0.45 in Q4 due to increased revenue and a lower tax rate. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, during the quarter cash flow from operations was a $121 million. Q1 cash flow was reduced by our fiscal year 11 employee bonus payout. Inventory increased to 100 days driven by early wafer receipts due to improved cycle times that are foundry partners. Inventory in the channel excluding catalog distributors was flat at 67 days. In dollar terms channel inventory declined by 5%. Net capital expenditures totaled $53 million in Q1 as we invested in a long term manufacturing capacity and new facilities. As a result free cash flow was $71 million. We made payments of $154 million for acquisitions primarily for SensorDynamics. Share repurchases totaled $89 million in Q1 as we bought back 3.8 million shares. Finally, in Q1 we paid $65 million in dividends to our shareholders. Overall total cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments declined by $253 million in the first quarter to $760 million. Moving onto guidance. Our second fiscal quarter will be a 14 week quarter, which occurs every 5 to 6 years. Given the 14th week is between Christmas and New Years, typically a shut down week for Maxim and many of our customers, we do not expect a material revenue benefit. However, operating expenses will be impacted by an extra week of salary expenses. Our beginning Q2 backlog is $403 million, which is consistent with historical levels as a percent of projected revenue. Based on this beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q2 revenue of $580 million to $620 million or down 6% at the midpoint from Q1. Q2 gross margin excluding special items is estimated at 60% to 63% down slightly from our normal guidance due to lower projected revenue and associated lower utilization. Other variables that may influence Q2 gross margin include product mix and inventory reserves. Special items in Q2 gross margin are estimated at $11 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets including SensorDynamics. Q2 operating expenses excluding special items are expected to be up about 3% sequentially, the increase is due primarily to an extra week of salary as Q2 is a 14 week quarter, without the extra week Q2 operating expenses would be flat with Q1. To proactively mange our expenses in Q2, we are reducing headcount and select product line with the savings offsetting the full quarter impact of our annual employee salary and equity adjustments. As a result of this action and the return to a normal 13 week quarter we expect Q3 operating expenses to return to Q1 levels. Special items in Q2 operating expenses are estimated at $5 million, primarily amortization of intangible assets including SensorDynamics. This excludes restructuring expenses related to cost reduction activities in Q2. Our Q2 tax rates excluding special items is estimated to range from 24% to 26%. For Q2 GAAP earnings per share excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.30 to $0.34. Capital expenditures in Q2 are expected to increase over Q1 due to long term manufacturing capacity expansions and new headquarters in Dallas facilities. For these same reasons we expect FY 12 CapEx to be above our business model 5% to 7% of revenue. We expect FY13 CapEx to return to our normal business model. Finally, our Board of Directors approved payment of a cash dividend of $0.22 per share approximately a 3.5% yield at yesterdays closing stock price. I will now hand the call over to Tun to discuss our business.
Tun Doluca: Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. The September quarter was a solid quarter for Maxim. Let me start by highlighting four key developments. One, quarterly revenue hit an all time record despite customers reducing inventory. Two, our highly integrated products accounted for a record 34% of revenue. Three, we further reduce the average lead time that we quote to customers and are now very close to our target of six weeks. And four, we completed the acquisition of SensorDynamics and established a strong foothold in the growing initial sensor market. Let me next turn to our just completed quarter and give you an overview of lead times and bookings. In July, customer order lead times dropped by over two weeks and subsequently remained fairly steady at this level for the remainder of the September quarter. We attribute this reduction to three factors. One, customers finally put to risk their concern of supply chain disruptions due to the Japan earthquake. Two, macro economic uncertainty drove customers to become more cautious in their order commitments to suppliers. And three, our delivered effort to reduce our quoted lead times, we assured customers that we can respond faster to product delivery request. Because of these moving parts, visibility is poor and input from customers is that end demand is down. However, inventory checks and several end markets indicate that these are in reasonable shape and our distribution inventories down quarter-over-quarter. Now changing customer order lead times do not necessarily reflect end demand. They do however impact bookings directly. Consequently, the decline in order times, order lead times in the September quarter did result in a book-to-bill ratio less than one as expected. Ill next provide some color on our major markets. First, let me discuss consumer, following very strong growth over the last two quarters, we expect our cell phone business to take a breather in calendar Q4, as our largest customer completes their annual inventory adjustment. Ongoing weakness in LCD TVs will also provide headwinds for the December quarter revenue. We therefore project the consumer market to be down sequentially. Since handsets make up almost the third of our revenue, it would be beneficial for me to shed additional light on our position in that market. Handsets and especially smartphones continue to provide a significant growth opportunity for the foreseeable future. Market research company estimates the smartphones top 600 million units next year. Our estimate of the mixed signal dollar content is in the high single digit per phone. Since smartphones are rich in analog content. We estimate our current market share to be in the low teen. Power management, human interface, optical and motion sensing all influence consumer preferences and are therefore important for product differentiation. We continue to develop high complexity products for handsets as well as high performance building blocks, about half of our revenue is realized from high complexity products today and we expect this percentage decline in the future. 2 Tier 1 customers account for a large portion of our revenue today. However, we have design wins that go into production in calendar 2012 with another tier 1 customer. Weve also made significant product development progress at a forth tier 1 customer. We have great revenue stream in power whether it be in highly integrated products or building blocks. We introduced our first touch controllers nine months and are investing in audio technology and sensor solutions for future growth. We start out a relationship by having a few discrete functions designed into a limited number of customers thought. Our next step is to increase the number of Maxim functions designed into a phone model. We are at this phase with Europe, US and Taiwan customers. As our relationship matures, we start winning the design for the integrated PMIC and ultimately for the Power SoC which contains the PMIC and other analog functions on the same chip. We are at this stage with our Korean cell phone customers. Thus, our approach is to keep increasing our dollar content at all the smartphone vendors across all of their platforms. There is clearly a lot of runway ahead of us. Second, let me discuss industrial. Industrial represents a broad market as you know, automotive and smart grid are two of several invest markets for us in industrial. December quarter revenue is expected to grow at both, offset by weakness in several other industrial markets. Consequently, we expect industrial to be down in the current quarter. We decided to answer the automotive market approximately six years ago and are experiencing revenue growth momentum, reaching about 5% of sales. We continue to provide best in class solutions for hybrid and all electric battery management and broad ranging infotainment applications. For instance, our antenna protector has been designed in at multiple automotive tier 1 module makers. In the smart grid market we offer best in class system solutions for the two most important functions in a smart meter. The power measurement system on a chip or SoC and the power line communication solution. Our smart meter revenue is showing continued momentum driven by market share gains in China with our Fourth-Generation Measurement SoC and with our highly accurate real-time clocks. We are also ramping sales in the US as (inaudible) is continue to upgrade their infrastructure to use smart meters with Maxim measurement SoC in them. Previous winds are starting to ramp in Korea where we are gaining share and we expect future revenue growth from India where we have won many designs with our First-Generation Measurement SoC. These design will begin ramping in the March quarter. The total India market size is significant at about 50 million units per year. Beside the Measurement SoC, Maxim is also strong in our G3-PLC power line communication standard and chipset. We just announced the formation of the G3-PLC alliance, which is a new global partnership created to support the deployment of this power line communications protocol originally developed by Maxim. This protocol is now being adopted by multiple international standards bodies. This alliance with 12 other members including utility companies and medium manufacturers will help speed the deployment of G3-PLC solutions developed by Maxim. Third communications, we project revenue to be down due to weakness in bay stations partially offset by the two quarter inventory adjustment ending in fiber optic modules. We are well positioned to win in Gigabit Passive Optical Network or GPON and fiber to the home markets where we anticipate large growth as broadband connectivity increases in China and other Asia Pacific countries. Specifically, we recently won a high volume GPON socket in China with the Burst-Mode Laser Driver and a limiting amplifier chip. This follows the recent high volume wins at the number one fiber to the home transceiver supplier. The two products behind these wins were Laser Driver and a Transimpedance Amplifier. Our portfolio current and future product support the fiber to the home rollout in China because their high integration products simplify the designer foot for the customer and reduce bill of materials cost. Forth, in the computing market, we expect the sequential decline primarily due to the weak notebook segment. Maxims foray into highly integrated products and the result and success of this approach has convinced us that customers increasingly desire analog and mixed signal manufactures to provide them with more comprehensive solutions. To meet this demand better we recently realigned our business units along our major end market in three business groups. This new alignment enabled us to apply three full time executives to these major markets, enhance collaboration and align product development efforts. This change also helps us develop more effective marketing collateral such as wafers designs for complete solutions seller. Well coordinated innovation is the base on which these future solutions will be built. We therefore consolidated all technology development and innovation initiatives under the leadership of our Chief Technology Officer. In closing, Id like to reiterate our commitment to the balance business model and to providing highly differentiated solutions to our customers. We believe that this will enable Maxim to grow faster than the analog industry. I will now turn the call back to Paresh.
Paresh Maniar: Thats the end of our prepared comment. We will now welcome your questions. Please limit to yourselves to one question with one follow up. Jonathan, please begin polling for question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And once again as a reminder in the interest of time that we ask you, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. Our first question comes from the line of Uche Orji from UBS. Your question, please.
Parag - UBS Investment Bank: Hey, guys thanks for taking my question. This is Parag for Uche. First question is about your guidance and if I look here at your backlog, the backlog coverage is about 68% which is well above your historic to normalcy about low to mid 65%. So, just wondering why you are being conservative in the guidance? And are there are any factors that is, I mean, are they are any list to the guidance that you are see going forward?
Bruce Kiddoo: Hi, this is Bruce. So, we are seeing the beginning backlog about $403 million versus $600 million mid-point. So, we think thats about 67% and that number has been coming down probably for about the last year. But historically thats the number we ran in, we ran out, we had about two-thirds coverage going into quarter. So, from that point of view, I think we are right where we historically have been from a backlog coverage. In fact, we think going forward since we have had customers moved to BMI, we expect lead times to continue to come down that in fact that number in subsequent quarters may even be below 67%. So, bottom line we think we are about where we have been from a historical point of view and we think have a as we always do a balance guide.
Parag - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, perfect. Second question is about what your customers are saying in terms of their inventory and demand. It looks like they said the demand is weak. So, just wondering what sentiment you are getting from customer going beyond December quarter in the sense that should we think that December could be bottom and we could see revenue trend up from the March quarter?
Tun Doluca: Well, thanks for the question. This is Tun. The first of all, the customers really the indication they are giving us are short term. They are saying that there is some weakness in demand, but they are really not able to give us a lot of information about how 2012 is going to begin. So, its not something that we can predict from what we have been able to gather from them. The good news is that the inventory levels are not very high at our customers, they are at normal levels. If you recall, we actually pulled those in the largest markets and those were very normal, and our distribution inventory levels are also low. So, it doesnt appear that there is going to be the combined effect of too much inventory and the weak demand at least in the near term. As I said before, most of our customers are really not able to tell us whats going to happen in the March quarter.
Parag - UBS Investment Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of (inaudible) from JP Morgan, your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. So, I want to ask the question in slightly different way. Given that you already mentioned that the extra week is not going to have a big impact on December revenues. I would expect that conversely the March quarter will also not see the undue in fact on the extra week. But, the question is, what would you perceive us, normal seasonality for the March quarter. Do you think we are back to a scenario where industrial income typically tend to be strong in the March quarter or do you see differently given all the micro weakness?
Bruce Kiddoo: Thanks. The 5 year average just the math is the March quarter is down about 3%. However, I dont think we are out of point yet where we can claim normal seasonality. I think there is still significant amount of uncertainty and certainly limited visibility. So, I think its too hard to tag whether the March quarter will follow a normal seasonal patterns.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks for that Bruce. And then as my follow up, you know what is your expectation for linearity? First of all, what was linearity for the current quarter and what do you expected to be and what is factored into guidance?
Bruce Kiddoo: Generally, were relatively linear, the first quarter was a little bit more backend loaded than Q4 but not meaningfully. And when we look at the forecast for the second quarter, I would say its normal linearity and we actually try to maintain that pretty evenly from a supply chain point of view throughout the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you very much. And just I noticed on your 10-K that you do have some production facility in Thailand given all the concerns about the flooding, can you comment on what your, what your views are?
Tun Doluca: Yeah, this is Tun. So yes, we do have a test facility in Thailand its South of Bangkok. We were not affected by the flooding at our test facility. We also have a subcontractor assembly house in Thailand which actually was affected by the flooding. However, you know we have alternate sources for that assembled and we dont expect an impact thats much, its much less than 1%. So, we were fortunate of not to get affected with the unfortunate events there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much, Tun.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc: Hi, this is Mark Delaney calling for Jim Covello. Thanks very much for taking my question. When you guys look at the mid point of your guidance of down 6% sequentially when you think by end market, which do you expect to be down more than that and which ones do you expect down that?
Bruce Kiddoo: Yeah, this is Bruce, Ill take that. So in general, we actually expect all of our markets this time to be down about mid single digits plus or minus, a third at this point in time to predict which one is going to be a little bit stronger than the other. You know, as sort of Tun went through in his commentary, you know, our consumer business or handset business we expect to be down due to the normal Samsung inventory adjustment. Industrial we expect to be down even now we do have some specific segments utility, automotive that are doing well. And then, same for the kind of the com and the computing space. So, I dont think there is going to be any one like and maybe prior quarters where you had one segment that performed much, much stronger than the other. I think they all are going to be relatively consistent.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc: Okay thats helpful, thank you. And then for the follow up question, you guys mentioned design wins that you are starting to get to move on will be ramping in 2012. I was hoping to understand are any of those market share opportunities impacting your guidance for the December quarter in other words, yeah, maybe you mentioned a Tier 1 handset or design wins some of those products that youre going to start ship them in the December quarter?
Tun Doluca: The other  in the prepared commentary that I had I did talk about design wins in handsets and some I believe, I mentioned in the communications market. Those design wins actually are pretty fresh and most of them ramp sometime calendar year 2012, so they have very little impact on December quarter revenue, but of course design wins that we talked about last year some of those in markets that Bruce mentioned like the utility market and so on, those are ramping this quarter. So thats helping us and that market share gain is helping us there. The other wins I talked about on Tier 1 customers and so on, they should help us grow our share especially in the Smartphone market next year. But, as I said very little, I mean no impact at all in December.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup Inc: Hi, good afternoon. The first question relates to gross margin. It looks like at the mid point your gross margin guidance is roughly for a 2 point decline sequentially. I think you said utilization is the predominant driver of that. Can you just help us understand with the context of your flex manufacturing model, why you cant absorb a 6% revenue reduction with that a little bit better performance then 2 points gross margin? Can you help maybe compare the magnitude of utilization versus mix for example, in that 2 point decline outlook, thanks?
Bruce Kiddoo: Thanks Terence. Yeah, so when we looked at our gross margin, certainly utilizations are down, we are certainly using our flex capacity and in fact external moves are down significantly more than internal moves. However, its never going to be a perfect backfill by just pulling in the boundary moves and as you know, we also have our test facilities are in-house. So, there is some utilization impact there. The other thing just to remember is, you know, we always leave a little bit of room for an increase in inventory reserves, any high you are in this type of market there is some uncertainty around that thats the difficult thing to predict. But you should assume, we assume that we left some coverage there for inventory reserves. And then, in this kind of market its always a little bit uncertain around the exact product mix that youre going to get. And so, we left probably some room for that as well.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup Inc: Okay, thanks Bruce. And then, the follow up is actually to ask specifically what utilization was in the September quarter, and then also you know, going forward into December what the inventory expectation is that it relates to that, thanks?
Bruce Kiddoo: So, in the September quarter we ran pretty much fall, while in time we get to 90% or above we consider that fall. So, we were running at you know, full utilizations in September, you know, as you saw our inventory, days of inventory was at the high end of our range in the September quarter, you know, actually for good reasons in that you know, cycle times improved at some of our boundary partners. And we you know, got some early receipts there. Going forward you should assume that we are going to take some modest actions to try to get us back to the middle of our range that 90 to 100 range for the December quarter.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup Inc: Okay. Very helpful, thanks, best of luck.
Bruce Kiddoo: Thanks.
Tun Doluca: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah from Nomura Securities, your questions please.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Hi, good afternoon. Just in wireless is it, is the decline driven by your largest customer there or would you expect most of your wireless handset customers to be down sequentially in the December quarter?
Tun Doluca: Yeah, Romit. The decline for December quarter that I talked about will be nominated by our largest customer, usually at the end of the year depending on how the sales went for the Christmas season and so on. Pretty much every year weve seen an adjustment that they make and I can predict that they are going to make the same adjustment this year as well.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Yeah.
Tun Doluca: So, they really dominate that. Our other customers are you know, usually dont have that big of a adjustment, and the proportion of revenue we get from is really not that high. So, weve really focused on the one customers that we talked about.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: So, and just looking at your wireless business, yes I heard from what Samsung is doing, is it fair to say that, we havent seen wireless bills impacted yet from whats happening globally with GDP?
Tun Doluca: No, we have not, thats the question we ask also to see if there is an impact. But we are not seeing that the market, the piece of wireless that were in, which is smartphones have been moving steadily and strongly. I guess, you could argue maybe they go even stronger, the GDP were growing, but they are growing pretty solidly year-over-year. So, thats mostly likely a hiding any effect GDP is having on those markets actually.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: I got you. And then Bruce, do you expect inventory dollars to increase again in fiscal Q2?
Bruce Kiddoo: Probably inventory dollar should probably go down, but I will double check and get back to you on that one. Certainly from the days of inventory, we expect that to go down to about midpoint of our range.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: In the December quarter?
Bruce Kiddoo: In the December quarter, yes.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Okay. Just last question, you said you are not getting a material impact from actual weeks and we should assume maybe 1% or 2%?
Bruce Kiddoo: Well, I think, its, you know, from our point of view, we are actually going to have a shutdown during that time period. So, I mean, there is a not a material, we dont see a material benefit up there. Its always a slow period anyways and in this market I think were seeing a lot of our customers who are also having shutdowns during that time period. And Romit, just to say were for Q2, both dollars and DOI from an inventory point of view we expect to come down in the December quarter.
Romit Shah  Nomura Securities: Okay, got you. All right, that sounds great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James, your question please.
Steve Smigie  Raymond James: Great, thank you. So Bruce, I think, you indicated that for the March quarter operating expense will be back to the level it is in the September quarter. So, if I were to assume some normal seasonal drop in March, you are still saying that dollars would be back to where they are in September or is it more of a percentage thats going to be versus dollars?
Bruce Kiddoo: So, our comment was around dollars.
Steve Smigie  Raymond James: Okay.
Bruce Kiddoo: Yeah, so basically the increase were seeing this quarter is really due to the 14 week, the extra week from a salary expense. And even though we would normally go up to the full quarter impact of our salary, our annual merit, weve had some cost reduction activities, weve selectively kind of reduce some headcount on a proactive basis and those savings are offsetting any increases due to our annual merit process.
Steve Smigie  Raymond James:  Okay. And then I was just hoping we could get an update on some recent acquisitions on SensorDynamics, Mobiligen acquisition  all the recent budgets, the acquisition updates?
Tun Doluca:  Okay. This is Tun, let me just talk about SensorDynamics. Obviously, we closed the purchase during the summer. We currently in the integration process, were taking various steps to make sure that we can produce some of these MEMS elements and sensors in-house. So, were really working steadily to get manufacturing, other control and so that we can do high volume manufacturing of the products, we have design activities that are going as well. So, that integration is going really well. The revenue was very small anyway, so its not worth talking about yet. This was really for large revenue contributions in the future. Other acquisition are really adding to our top line sales and profits nicely. As I mentioned on the call, the Teridian acquisition is really going into full gear right now, weve won a lot, a lot of designs in China, one designs in Korea, I talked about that, one designs in India and thats really helping us to establish ourselves in that market firmly with our system on a chip solution, so thats going really well. You also asked about the Mobiligen acquisition from roughly thats from about three years ago now. Weve kind of repurpose that, originally were going for the industrial security market and we still have some revenue in that area, but we found that technology was also very useful in connected TV applications, and we have a Skype certified solution for what we call Skype TV, which has hit the markets recently. So that IP has really helped us get a great market position in that market. Now how thats going to grow little bit depends on the acceptance rate of these Skype TV application. But, Ive seen demos of it and they look pretty good to me for bringing video conferencing to family rooms all around the world. So, thats going pretty well. We also have done quite well with the two acquisitions if you recall we did simultaneously Innova Card and the secured product line from Zilog that was about 2.5  3 years ago, and that pretty much is on plan with our products were very well accepted because we provided a complete solution for security systems, for security terminals, and we won a lot of designs especially in Asia and in China, so thats pretty successful as well.
 : Thats going to slower growth markets, so we dont see revenue from that for probably another year and a half or two years, but the technology that was developed as a result was very competitive and several Tier 1 communications companies and who were really interested in our technology, so I am very optimistic about the results we are going to get from that. So thats kind of an overview, in general we have done well with those acquisitions.
Steve Smigie  Raymond James: Okay, thank you.
Tun Doluca: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blain Curtis from Barclays Capital. Your question, please.
Blain Curtis  Barclays Capital: Good afternoon, guys. Just a follow up on the comments and so, I just want to clarify one. Youre saying that you expect this to happen that you havent actually seen indications and then as you look to Q4 -- we havent seen a major correction for them in couple of years, but we have seen some pretty substantial one 20%-30% correction. So, so, if you are making any decline there, kind of any commentary on the other customers, are they still growing?
Tun Doluca: Youre talking specifically about this December quarter, right?
Blain Curtis  Barclays Capital: I wanted to know about the December quarter, yeah, whether you see an indications that Samsung is going to make a correction or whether youre just being cautious and expecting it may happen and then kind of your assumptions into that business being mid single digit, does that mean are we seeing declines at the other customers as well?
Tun Doluca: I see. Okay. Thank you for clarifying. So, we have baked in, obviously we are in talks with that major customer and they gave us indication and we baked in what they believe is going to happen in terms of their reduction. Other customers in that space or customers are going that kind of offsets the reduction that we believe were going to see from the inventory productions itself.
Blain Curtis  Barclays Capital: Got you. And then, maybe just an update on your touch products, what your expectations are?
Tun Doluca: So, our touch products, we announced those I am going to say about 8-9 months ago now to the market we sampled them. We actually, eventually did qualify them for production few months later from that. We have obviously, we are competing against some pretty well entrenched competitors which have been there for two years or more. But, the customers in general do like our product, they do like the fact that we offer some significant performance advantages and potentially cost savings of the overall systems by moving the fresh product from the reflex connector down to the motherboard and so on. But it does require what we found is that there is quite a bit of applications help that needs to be given to the customer provided by the supplier. So, weve got a couple wins that we talked about before one in tablets that one was in a Tier 1 cell phone customer. The Tablet 1 is going into production now and the Cell Phone 1 is delayed because that projector or platform we were in got delayed not because of us but other design issues. So that has delayed the revenue that we are getting, but in general the acceptance of our product is good. But I believe compare to what we said last year, we think the revenue is going to come later than we thought.
Blain Curtis  Barclays Capital: Got you. Thanks.
Tun Doluca: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from online of Vernon Essi of Needham & Company your question please.
Vernon Essi  Needham & Company:
 :
Bruce Kiddoo: Yeah, I think thats a million dollar question, right? I think weve all seen the distributors lowering their inventory levels, weve seen end market bookings on those distributors come down as well, right. So, thats our best indicator that there is something happening at those end market customers whether they are reducing inventory or they are seeing lower demand. So I think in the short term, weve been impacted just like our peers have from the industrial side. The key question is, how severe is any decline in end demand and while we have gotten input from our customers that there is some impact to end demand, we really havent gotten confirmation that its as bad as what we are seen on the revenue line so far. So, I think long term, I think we still expect the industrial market to be probably our second fastest growth engine for our sale. We think that kind of slack markets that we are in whether it is utility meters, whether its automotive, whether its medical, our continued progress through ABnet from a distribution channel strategy we do expect that industrial will continue to be a good long term growth drive for us. Just a little bit tough, the visibility short term is difficult for us as I think it is for most folks out there.
Vernon Essi  Needham & Company: Sure. And just to dig in for a quick question on the automotive side, its growing as a bigger percent of your revenue for small but the growing. Longer term if you were to look out say five years is fair or not, but would you say you are going to drive more revenue on the infotainment, side you have seen to get a lot more press lately on your integrated solutions that you are trying to roll out in that area and that plays your strength. Or do you still see the other areas in potential EV and solutions like that being real driver of most of the revenue?
Tun Doluca: This is Tun. Thats really hard to predict and let me tell you why I think its hard to predict because we dont know what the acceptance or take rate is going to be of hybrid vehicles and electric vehicles. So, from that reason its really difficult to say whether they are going to be the amount of dollars sales of our essentially battery monitoring products that we sell in to hybrid cars. My gut says that the revenues we get from the infotainment applications are going to be higher than the revenues we get from the battery application.
Vernon Essi  Needham & Company: Okay, thats helpful thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger from FBR, your question, please.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Nice job on the results. I guess, as you look at distribution, what kind of inventory trends are you seeing there and what does that suggest about March and specifically in industrial?
Bruce Kiddoo: Yeah. So certainly we have seen inventory this quarter actually go down in absolute terms even though resale were down, all right, and so we were able to keep DOI flat. Because of that the end market bookings in the September quarter were down significantly, right. I think thats what others have seen as well. We are watching it very closely this quarter to see if there is a turn occurring in the end demand there. But so far we havent seen that yet or we havent seen anything that is meaningful, so from that point of view.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I see. Second question is in consumer space, your handset business grew up pretty substantially in September, you guys are having some good success there, it sounds like you have more customer opportunities in 2012. What type of design win traction or design win metrics might you be able to share with us or some other quantification that might help us understand your growth opportunities there?
Tun Doluca: This is Tun. The way we look at it is essentially, were trying to move customers into various phases. I kind of try to give an overview of how we look at it. Basically the customers that are in the group where we are just telling building blocks, we dont really have a high level of dollar content per phone, you are look at content thats less than a dollar per phone. When we move customers to being engaging in getting revenue of power management ICs, that easily doubles or goes even higher than that per phone. So, if you look at all the customers, youll notice that only the Korean ones are in the phase where we got EMICs. And we need to move other customers that are in US, Europe and Taiwan to that phase. So, the main metric weve got is really, how many of our customers or what percentage of our phone models of each customer have moved to these more advanced and relationships where were selling a complete EMIC or a complete power SoC. I think giving metrics those in that detail is really difficult. But, I think that the momentum is good, we have now capability that we can do these products and we really enhanced our relationship outside of Korea as well right now. So, I think its going to be going to get good results in the future, but I cant really quantify anymore than that. There are no other metrics that I can give you.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  Thats helpful detail. One more question, I think you guys just borrowed a little bit of debt out there. Can you just discuss your usage of cash and any capital structure?
Bruce Kiddoo: Sure. We just opened up a $250 million credit facility. The objective really is just flexibility whether its for acquisitions, continue to buyback our stock or just other general corporate purposes we got it at a very low cost both just the facility fee and if we actually drawdown anything from that. We havent drawn down any funds from the facility, yet. But, the idea was to secure that cash and have that flexibility available no matter what environment we go into over the next couple of quarter. From an overall use of cash, currently our priorities have said the same, first to always be to grow the business, youve seen from the acquisitions that we have done. Second will be the dividends which remains rock solid. And then third will be from a buyback point of view and as we have said before, we do have a metrics that we use from a buyback point of view, you saw how this quarter our buyback went up by about $30 million over our normal $60 million a quarter run rate. So, clearly if the opportunity presents itself, we will buy back our stock if any precede weakness in it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Feeney from Longbow Research, your question please.
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research: Hi, Thanks. I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit on whats going on communication side. I understand that the inventory problem is being resolved in the optical. Could you give us a bit more detail about what you are seeing on the base station, are you customers actually pushing out programs or our programs on track and they are just drawing down inventory to do what they need to do. And you could also let us know what your split is of revenue between those two areas that would be helpful. Thanks.
Tun Doluca: This is Tun. So, what essentially the inventory correction that occurred in modules is over. That took about two quarters to clear up, so thats returning back to normal consumption levels. Base station market actually is expected to be weak this quarter. Thats very lumpy business, its very difficult for us to project. We really dont have equal amount of share in the major suppliers in that market. So, our sales kind of depends on who wins the bids that come up in any of the countries, in US, China or India. So, its difficult for us to be able to project whats going to happen in that market with any kind of clarity at all. But we do know what weve heard from our customers or few customers is that there might be some softening of the rollout of the some base stations in that market. And we are not aware of a large inventory bill. So, if there is one, its not something thats been shared through us in that market. Most of the sales in that market are some of it is going through distribution but in the base station market a lot of which goes direct. So, we have less visibility in that market as well and to how many base stations or inventory in built form for example.
Bruce Kiddoo: And Joanne this is Bruce on your second question. Communications was 17% of revenue in the September quarter. That kind of gets split three ways, roughly about a third is base station, about a third is network, and datacom, thats where we have our fiber optic business. And about a third is what I would just call some of our legacy telecom business.
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research : Okay, great, thats really helpful. And then, just a quick follow up, I mean, you got a lot of exposure to consumer electronic little TV and maybe the smart phones to be classified that way. What are your customers saying about the dynamics surrounding the Chinese New Year?
Tun Doluca: The Chinese New Year, there is still some time to there, right?
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research: Yeah. its a bit earlier this year. So, some are predicting that might actually help on the fourth calendar quote, Im wondering if youre hearing anything like that?
Tun Doluca: Well, our sales force in China has heard about it, they have shared it with me, and I dont think theyve shared it with Bruce either, I see him shaking his head. So, we are unable to share any information on that maybe in the next conference call we can talk about it. But by then of course it will be almost done, but I have no information.
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research: Okay. And then, just quickly what was that one time tax item?
Bruce Kiddoo: It was just on the SCI for operating expenses. It was basically just an old payroll tax accrual that got reversed.
Joanne Feeney - Longbow Research: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Paresh Maniar:  Operator, well take one more question, before we end the call.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg, from Stifel Nicolaus, your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi. This is Evan Wang, thanks for taking my question. I would like to first ask you about your guidance, your revenue guidance range seems to be wider than that before $40 million range. Could you talk a little bit about what the biggest range factor might be, and whether thats a end market specific or is it micro dependent or is it simply result of your higher turns expect returns.
Bruce Kiddoo: Now, as I said, we are comfortable with returns level though wider guidance was just really due to the uncertainty that were seen out there. And you know, probably the biggest swing factor is going to be whats really happening from an end demand point of view.
Tun Doluca:  Yeah, thanks for pointing that up to everybody.
Unidentified Analyst: My follow up question is about your bookings and if you have answered this already, I apologize for that. You said that the bookings has been somewhat stable since July, is that correct?
Tun Doluca: No, what Id say was in the, in July our order lead times dropped by about two weeks and then remained that level for the next two months. So, we didnt make comments about you know what the linearity of the bookings was.
Unidentified Analyst:
 :
Bruce Kiddoo:  Hey Evan, think from our point of view because of the change in the lead times because we are working down some delinquencies. The bookings arent a great indicator of whats going right now and so I think its probably not appropriate comment on that. What we really look at and try to understand is the demand and talking with our customers, talking with the distributors, and we think thats the kind of a best indicator that allows us to provide the guidance that we have.
Paresh Maniar: Hey Jonathan, I think we should end the call here.
Operator:  Certainly. Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-08-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Zinsner - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Mindy Kohl - Director of Investor Relations Vincent Roche - Vice President of Strategic Market Segments (SMS) Group Jerald Fishman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Parker Paulin - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Wu - Global Crown Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Craig Ellis - Caris & Company John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Venkatesh Nathamuni - JP Morgan Chase & Co
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Vivian, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Analog Devices Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Kohl, you may begin your conference.
Mindy Kohl: Thanks, Vivian, and good afternoon, everyone. This is Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate you joining us for today's call. If you haven't yet seen our third quarter fiscal 2011 release, you can access it by visiting our website at www.analog.com and clicking on the headline in the news section of our homepage. This conference call is also being webcast live from Analog.com, select Investor Relations and follow the instructions shown next to the microphone icon. A recording of this conference call will be available today, within about 2 hours of this call's completion and will remain available via telephone playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived at our IR website.  Participating in today's call are Jerry Fishman, President and CEO; Dave Zinsner, Vice President of Finance and CFO; and Vincent Roche, Vice President of Strategic Market Segment and Worldwide Sale. During the first part of the call, Jerry and Dave will present our third quarter results as well as our short-term outlook. The remainder of the time will be devoted to answering questions from our analysts and participants.  During today's call, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for certain nonrecurring items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operations and business trends. We have included reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures on today's earnings release, which is posted on the IR website. In addition, we have updated the schedules on our IR website, which include the historical quarterly and annual summary, P&L for continuing operations, as well as historical quarterly and annual information for revenues from continuing operations by end market and product type.  Next, I'd ask you to please note that the information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability, established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include risks and uncertainties and our actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those described in our SEC filings, including our most recent report on Form 10-Q.  The forward-looking information that is provided on this call represents our outlook as of today and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause our outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, which is August 16, 2011. With that, I'll turn the call over to ADI CEO, Jerry Fishman
Jerald Fishman: Well, good afternoon. As you know, from this afternoon's press release, ADI's revenues for the third quarter were approximately $758 million, which was up 5% from the same quarter last year but down 4% sequentially from Q2. As you may recall, we were somewhat cautious about our Q3 revenues, given our well-above seasonal 9 to 10 revenue increase sequentially in Q2, which we believe was in part, the results of inventory builds in the supply chain due to Japan earthquake-related supply chain disruptions and the fear of industry-wide supply reductions.  It now appears as if customers built more inventory than we anticipated last quarter, and they liquidated it more rapidly than we had planned for. Notwithstanding these perturbations in supply, most of the end markets we serve remain relatively stable in Q3, particularly the communications market, the automotive market and also the industrial markets.  Our Consumer business recovered slightly in Q3, but less than we have planned at the beginning of the quarter. Our revenues in Q3 were impacted by 2 distinct drivers, both of which we believe had more to do with supply-chain issues than end demand. First, a portion of the revenue shortfall was a result of a few communications infrastructure customers, delaying orders to ADI in response to component shortages from other vendors, as well as the liquidation of excess safety stocks that they built in Q2. Our shipments to these customers returned to more normal levels in July.  While there were many other puts and takes at our other large customers, for the most part, revenue at those customers was in line with our forecast. The balance of the shortfall was from the 50,000 small and midsized customers, served through our distribution channel. Our distributors report that their customers have been burning off excess inventory, particularly from suppliers like ADI, who had consistently short lead times and kept up with the increased order rates that we experienced in the second quarter.  Recent conversations with our 2 largest distributors indicate that inventory reductions are proceeding in an orderly fashion with few cancellations and few backlog adjustments. I think it's instructive to look at the end market trends in both Q2 and Q3 to better understand these trends and most importantly, the implications of those trends going forward.  Industrial revenues declined 5% sequentially in Q3 after growing 14% sequentially in Q2. This looks to us like an inventory build in Q2 that was reversed in Q3. On a year-over-year basis, industrial sales for the quarter grew 8%, which is consistent with our expectations for the industrial business over the long term.  While our largest industrial customers in the United States and Europe are somewhat more cautious than they were last quarter at this time, for the most part, they're planning for a stable environment for the balance of the year. And our industrial sales in China, are continuing to grow.  Automotive revenue declined 5% sequentially in Q3 after growing 12% sequentially in Q2. Year-over-year, our Automotive sales for the quarter grew 21%. We now have significantly more content in autos than we did last year and our revenue is more dependent on content growth than on unit sales. We're extremely well-positioned in the automotive market.  Our current forecast for our automotive customers are also stable in the near term, and unless the economic outlook changes drastically, this market should remain an area of strength for ADI going forward, as our automotive revenues are now running at a rate in excess of $400 million annually.  Communications revenues declined 7% sequentially, after growing about 7% in Q2. On a year-over-year comparative basis, Communications revenues grew 10% in Q3. It seems very clear to us that our Q3 revenue was significantly impacted by both Chinese and European customer order push outs, which resulted from the shortage of other vendors' components and also the associated inventory and balances that existed in those accounts. While there are still concerns about short-term demand in United States and Europe in this sector, the Asian markets report that demand remains strong and are optimistic about the balance of the year.  Consumer revenue was up 4% sequentially after declining 7% sequentially in Q2, and was up less than we planned in Q3 and down 14% year-over-year. This year-over-year decline is primarily the results of our intensifying focus on only higher value-added consumer applications, where a technology is highly differentiated and our position is sustainable over many generations. Nevertheless, we have seen some improvement in our short-term backlog for consumer products, which is seasonally very typical at this point for the year and we're hopeful that this business will stabilize further during our fourth quarter.  On a geographic basis, revenues increased sequentially in Japan and also in China but decreased sequentially in the rest of Asia, in Europe and in North America. While our Q3 revenues were below the plan we had for the quarter, we did react quickly to protect the downside. As a result, even on a lower revenue base, our gross margins remained about 67%, operating expenses declined 2% sequentially, essentially flat for the same quarter last year, and our operating margin was just under 37% of revenues.  Inventories grew only slightly and operating cash flow totaled $257 million or 34% of revenues during the quarter. Including $0.01 that resulted from a tax catch up, earnings were $0.71, which were in line with the guidance range we communicated last quarter. Dave in a few minutes, we'll discuss more details of these financial results.  As far as the order rates in Q3, clearly, orders weakened for us in May and continued at these lower levels throughout the quarter and also into early August. And not surprisingly as coincident in time with our significant reduction in the fears that were industry wide about chronic supply shortages. Nevertheless, our order rates have stabilized at these levels. And as of now, it show no signs of further deterioration.    Our OEM backlog, which includes forecast orders from our largest customers, declined only slightly during the quarter, while our backlog from distribution declined more than that as a result of our distributor's stated commitment to reduce their inventories, particularly for suppliers like ADI, who provide very, very short lead times.  During the inflection points like Q3 when supply is very strong, orders have proven over many, many years, not to be a very reliable indicator of future sales, since turned orders tend to comprise a much larger percentage of quarterly sales. We believe that the consumption of our products in Q3 was above our recorded orders as a result of inventory reductions at many customers. So now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave to talk a little more detail about the financial results and I'll make some closing remarks after Dave is done.
David Zinsner: As Jerry discussed, third quarter revenue was $758 million, a decline of 4% sequentially, but an increase of 5% from the same period last year. Our gross margin remains strong despite the sequential revenue decline coming in at 67.2%, down 40 basis points from the prior quarter, and within the range we indicated on last quarter's call. The decline was due to decreased loadings in our factories versus last quarter.  Operating expenses for the third quarter were $231 million, down $5 million or 2%. In the third quarter, we benefited from our lower and more variable operating expense structure, in particular, from lower variable compensation payments versus the second quarter. Toward the end of the quarter, we implemented cost control measures, which also helped reduce expenses. We plan to continue these programs in the fourth quarter to protect our profits.  Operating profits for the third quarter were $279 million or 36.8% of sales compared to 37.8% of sales in the prior quarter. Obviously, operating profits were down both in dollars and percentage terms as a result of the lower revenue in the third quarter versus the second quarter. Other expense was $4 million compared to $1.7 million in the prior quarter, the increase was the result of incurring a full quarter of interest expense associated with the $375 million bond offering we completed in the second quarter.  Our third quarter tax rate was 20%, down from 22.1% in the second quarter, as we revised the annual rate to 21.3%. We expect the tax rate in the fourth quarter to be 21.3% as well. Diluted earnings per share was $0.71, within the range of guidance we provided last quarter. This compares to non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.75 in the prior quarter. As I just mentioned, we revised our year-to-date tax rate to 21.3% for the year, which lowered our third quarter tax rate to 20%. This catch up provided $0.01 benefit to our EPS.  In addition to solid profitability, we maintained strong cash flow performance, generating 34% of our revenue or $257 million in operating cash flow. Capital expenditures were $37 million, resulting in free cash flow of $220 million or 29% of revenue for the quarter.  During the third quarter, we repurchased 1.7 million shares or $66 million of ADI stock and distributed $75 million in dividends to our shareholders. At current stock prices, at least as of the close today, our dividend yield is now around 3.2%.  Yesterday, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.25 per outstanding share of common stock, which will be paid to shareholders of record as of September 14th -- sorry, as of August 26, 2011, and we pay it on September 14, 2011.  We closed the third quarter with $3.5 billion in cash, of which $1.2 billion or 33% is in the U.S. Net cash, excluding approximately $900 million in debts was $2.6 billion at the end of the third quarter. Our accounts receivable balance decreased sequentially by 10% due to lower sales, and our days sales outstanding decreased 3 days from the prior quarter to 45 days. Inventory at the end of the third quarter increased by 2% sequentially and our days of inventory were 110 days compared to 104 days in the prior quarter.  Although we were planning for higher sales, we were able to react and slow the inventory build towards the end of the quarter. Our distributor inventory increased a few days and is now slightly above target levels. As a result, we expect distributors to reduce their inventory levels in the fourth quarter. It's important to note that the reduction in distributor inventory will not impact revenue since revenue recognition does not -- or since revenue does not get recognized until after the distributor ships our product to the end customer. However, we are cognizant of these inventory adjustments at distributors and is factored into our plans for this quarter.  In summary, despite lower-than-expected revenue for the quarter, we delivered strong profitability and cash flow and we expect this to continue. Over the course of the last 2 years, we have fundamentally lowered our cost of manufacturing, which has driven record levels of gross margins over the last several quarters. We believe that the lower cost per unit will also benefit us in the periods which can make rev demand weaker, by keeping gross margins considerably higher in previous troughs. We have also created a lower and more variable cost structure for operating expenses, one that is highly responsive to both upside opportunity, as well as the need for downside protection.  We believe our model, coupled with vigilant operating expense control, positions us well to respond to whatever market fluctuations may occur in the fourth quarter. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Jerry, who will discuss the short and long-term outlook
Jerald Fishman: Well, obviously, planning revenues in the short term is very challenging. On one hand, we believe that most of the decline in Q3 was the result of supply inventory imbalances and therefore, could be short lived. If we had recorded a more normal seasonal Q2, our Q3 revenue would have been at or above Q2 levels. That scenario would imply that Q4 could be a normal seasonal quarter for ADI, or approximately flat to down slightly compared to Q3.  Our internal forecast indicate some sequential growth in Communications infrastructure and Automotive revenues, offsetting the slight decline in the Industrial revenues, with Consumer growing seasonally.  But nevertheless, this increasing uncertainty in many parts of the global economy is very possible that all this chaos will cause a decline in demand as customers become more cautious and push out new programs and consumers reduce spending on discretionary items.  If that occurs, we could see a decline in all of our end markets and our revenues could decrease sequentially. We really have no way to predict which way this will go. So as such we're planning for revenues to be in the range of $715 million to $755 million, or flat to down approximately 6% sequentially.  I think when history is written, we believe that our Q3 will be mostly about supply issues and our Q4 will be mostly determined by end demand. We all have to recognize that there's a wide range of possibilities of what demand might be in Q4, given all the economic uncertainties that we are reminded of, every single day.  So currently, we are planning to reduce production levels in Q4 to bring our inventory levels and distributors and on our balance sheet, down to more appropriate levels. Therefore, we expect gross margins to be in the range of 65% to 66% of sales, depending on the revenue levels that we achieve.  We also plan to carefully manage operating expenses and expect operating expenses to be flat to down 3% sequentially, also depending on the sales we achieve. So with these levels, we expect diluted earnings for the quarter to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.68.  Our best course of action right now is to be very cautious in the short term and work on the things that we can do to control and work on to limit the downside, while remaining very flexible to capture any upside that comes on our way. We've reduced discretionary spending and we're planning to reduce production levels to keep inventory approximately flat to Q3, assuming that we're somewhere at the midpoints of our guidance.  We believe we can respond rapidly if the demand pattern improves and we intend to keep our lead times very short as we have in the last few years. We have a very natural hedge in our operating expenses as our variable compensation plans react quickly to reduce revenue growth. We're also working to ensure that we're allocating critical, strategic resources to the most important programs and away from the less-strategically relevant programs that we've invested.  We're confident in our ability to manage through this period and return to solid growth at extraordinary margins and cash flow as the world becomes more stable. While our quarterly results year-to-date have certainly been whipsawed, by supply gyrations, it's important to put our 2011 fiscal year in better focus.  If we achieved the midpoint of our guidance for Q4, our revenues will have increased by approximately 9% over last year to over $3 billion in 2011 for the first time in our history. Our gross margins will have increased by approximately 150 basis points. Our operating expense growth will be well below our revenue growth and our operating margins will have improved for the year to approximately 36%. Operating cash flow will likely approximate $900 million, and at today's price, our free cash flow yield is approximately 8%. These results are in line with what we plan to achieve in fiscal 2011, and we believe that we're executing well against our plan.  While we can't predict the near-term future any better than anyone else, we do believe that if we're given at least a neutral economic environment, ADI could continue to grow with credible rates between 8% and 12% a year, keep improving our operating performance and keep generating a very significant amount of cash.
Mindy Kohl: Thank you, Jerry. We're now turning into Q&A period, please limit yourselves to one primary question and no more than one follow-up question. We'll give you another opportunity to ask additional questions if we have time remaining.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Let me just start by asking you, there's been so much parallel drawn about this current environment with 2008, and some companies are commenting that we've already been seeing early signs of double-dip recession. The question for you is, how similar do you see this environment in 2008? And also, what is the level of ADI preparation just in case the environment deteriorates much further than your companies are guiding at the moment? I mean how much prepared are you now, relative to '08? That's my first question.
Jerald Fishman: Well, of course, we don't know any more than everybody knows about what the future and to talk about what's going to happen economically around the globe is the subject, and continuously, about great conjecture about what's going to happen. But at least that's the way we see it. There are a couple of factors that tend to convince us that this is not a repeat of 2008, 2009 in the demand patterns we're seeing. The first thing is in 2008 and 2009, we saw very significant weakness in a few market segments and this time, when we look at all the product segments and all the market segments that we serve, we saw them all go down at about the same rate, which to us seems to indicate it's more -- at least for us in Q3, it's more about supply than demand. The other fact that our distributors point out to us in our recent conversation is that they haven't seen a lot of significant cancellations or backlog adjustments, which indicates to them mostly what we're seeing is an orderly reduction of inventory rather than the severe dislocations that we all experienced in 2008 and 2009. So at Analog, unlike many other companies in the industry, we had a very significant run up in Q2, well above our seasonal rates. When we grow 9% sequentially in the quarter, that typically, we'd grow 4% to 5%. That sort of rates that there was an inventory built in the channel and most of what we saw last quarter from both the distributors statistics and also the commentaries from our largest customers, the great thing to believe, it's much more about -- at least in Q3, much more about supply than demand. It's also interesting in Analog what Dave mentioned when we reported our distribution sales, which were half of our sales were sellout. So last quarter, the distributor's built quite a bit of inventory, which shows up as revenues for many companies, but not revenues for Analog Devices.  So while we would all that up, and we listened to the comments from the large customers, the comments from our distributors, at least in Q3, I believe we will come to believe that it was mostly about supply gyrations, not demand. I think as far as what happens in the future, we really don't know. You could read this report or that, you can read a summary or that, I mean this editorial of New York Times or another one of The Wall Street Journal, and there's a bunch of opinions out there of what's going to happen. And we can't predict that, which is why the range of possibilities for Q4, at least as we see it, is very large.  In the short term, as, I think, Dave indicated and I made some comments on, we're really being careful on discretionary expenses. We have a natural hedge on our expense growth with the variable comp plan, which when -- last year's results were coming in, was paying at an extremely high rates and has now cycle down pretty hard, and will continue to as results are getting better. We're reallocating resources to the projects and the segments, and the customers that are the most strategically relevant for us. We have very low and variable manufacturing cost structure. So I think we're in pretty good shape to react to anything the world throws at us, although I would repeat, we really just don't know what the world is going to throw at us next quarter. But I think we have a very resilient business model now, much more resilient than it was 2 or 3 years ago, much more of our costs of variable and our product portfolio is lot less volatile than what it has been. So again, if the world goes to hell, our results won't be that great, but I think we're well-suited to respond to whatever the world throws at us.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Can I just ask a quick follow up. Let me just speak on Automotive. You've seem to have grown regardless of all the dislocations now. Question for you here is, how much more runway do we see for growth in automotive? And if you can talk about segmentation by region, or also by type of car, high end or low end, you have to of course understand, what's driving that growth and how much further there is to go?
Jerald Fishman: Well, historically, I'll ask Vince to comment on this in a few minutes to get his point of view. But historically, most of our growth in the automotive market has been in the higher-end cars, which are much more feature rich and have much more safety and cockpit measurement going on. So historically, we've done the best with European manufacturers, and some of the high end America manufacturers. More recently, we've done well with some of the Asian manufacturers as well. So I think at the end of the day, that business has been growing very robustly for us. We have very strong position in that business. Just last week when we were talking to the guy that runs our Automotive business for us, he tends to be very well-connected, to the build rates that our customers are forecasting. And everyone is nervous, but he's sort of indicating to us that he understands the build rates and they're commensurate with the kind of numbers and direction that we've indicated. So we'll just have to wait and see how that turns out. Vince, do you have anything else?
Vincent Roche: Yes, I think just a follow on to Jerry's points, we are very well penetrated I think today in the mid to high ends. The diversity of our business is quite good in the Automotive sector. We supply into the safety sector, the monitoring sector, sensing the battery control and infotainment. And Jerry said there's -- in the scripts, there's basically a huge demand. We're just capped by the rate at which our customers can absorb the technology. There's no fundamental limit on the performance requirements that they've got. So as -- it's not a question of unit volumes for ADI. We're very well penetrated, it's a question of just how well car sales move in the mid to high end and we'll be there. We'll do well I believe in the future.
Jerald Fishman: This definitely is just -- the automotive industry ADI has emerged from, the early days when it's mostly about airbags and safety features. And even though that's still a very important business for us, particularly with our new gyroscopes that we're selling a very high volume right now. There's just so many other applications, essentially that sensing and entertainment applications that really require very, very high end analog technology and DSP technology. And it's those applications that are really driving our growth
Operator: The next question is from Craig Ellis with Caris and Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Jerry, it was helpful to get the geographic color on Industrial. I'm wondering if you can talk about some of the specific submarkets as well, such as medical, automated tests and others. Are you seeing similar trends in terms of order activity there? Or is there a divergence, given the diversity of end markets?
Jerald Fishman: Well, it's similar but it's like slightly divergent. The test equipment market certainly is at the margin weaker than it's been in line with all the uncertainty in semiconductor demand out there. I think that's clear. And the medical market was probably a little weaker also to just the hospitals, really worried about capital spending and new medical course constraints in the United States and all the other parts of Obama care. But I think the other markets, the industrial automation market was still pretty strong. Instrumentation market, process control is still pretty strong. So these aren't meaningful differences, Craig, but they are notable differences in some of those end markets.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Dave, you had mentioned that there are 2 benefits to OpEx. One was just the variable comp program, and then I think you mentioned that there were specific OpEx initiatives that you put in place and are working. Can you go into a bit more detail on what those are, and how much benefit are you getting in the flat to down 3% guidance in the out quarter for us?
David Zinsner: Well obviously, it wasn't until towards the end of the quarter that we started to recognize that we might need to put some things in place. So we really probably didn't get too much benefit in the third quarter. Although it was generally around restricting, hiring and starting to eliminate some of the more discretionary oriented parts of the P&L. And that's expected to continue this quarter to make sure we maintain the appropriate level of profitability.
Jerald Fishman: I think, Craig, the other thing that goes on is, when things get a little uncertain or soft, we tend to raise the bar on strategic investment and where we put the money and how patient we are in some areas that we can carry in. So I think of the margin as we go into 2012, that's going to continue. That's not a -- necessarily a reaction to softer order rates, but more a reaction to -- we have just such an enormous opportunity in some segments that we want to make sure that irrespective of what happens in the environment, we can continue to fund those things. And that sometimes takes much greater selectivity and there's more uncertainty out there. But I think the most important thing is the basic rudiments of our cost structure, it's just much more variable than they were a couple years ago, and that really hasn't hurt us much on the upside when business is great, paying large variable comp payments there, every employee in the company really helps us. But on the other hand, it really helps us on the downside when we can keep a lot of the strategic programs going and still get the benefits of being very responsive to the softness that this -- for a period of time in the order rate. So if the world really is catastrophic, we'll have to think about it differently. But right now, we think that's -- we can keep the expenses moving in the same direction as the revenues.
Operator: The next question is from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: Jerry, you talked about the cost structure variability before. I think a year ago, you mentioned that about 17% of your OpEx was variable. How was that in comparison today?
Jerald Fishman: Yes, so obviously, it came down this quarter in reaction to the lower revenue. So it's about 12% of our revenue is now variable.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: So as you go forward, that percentage you think will adjust, so you become increasingly variable or the fact that the revenues are falling as fast as they are and your costs are fixed, you're going to make that percentage actually stay where it is?
David Zinsner: If we're in an environment where OpEx needs to come down, that probably becomes less variable as the variable aspect of the operating expense starts to decline. But revenues start to go the other direction, then it will expand with revenues and increase as a percent of...
Vincent Roche: I think the way to think about some variable comp plan is that, I believe we indicated a few quarters ago that there's a very simple formula that there were 2 elements of. One is the operating margins. The other one is sales growth. So the fact that we're still earning very significant operating margins, means there's still significant variable comp payment at the company, even thought the growth rate has tailed off in the quarter. So I think, you start getting into where the world starts coming on glued, I think we still got plenty of room on the variable side for those payments to go down.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess as my follow up, Jerry, you talked a lot about the supply disruptions being a bigger issue than the demand side. If demand were to stabilize from here, how long do you think it would take before the supply side of the equation was brought back into line?
Jerald Fishman: Well, there are varying opinions of that. We just talked recently to our distributors about that, that have these very broad product portfolios and many customers and many suppliers. And there are some difference of opinion on that, amongst the distributors. There are -- on one end, some of them believe that it's mostly behind us and might have another couple of months to run. The other more pessimistic view is if I got 2 quarters to run. But nobody really knows for sure because the customers don't know for sure. So I'd say somewhere between a couple of months, probably at the outside, maybe one quarter or 2 quarters. [indiscernible] you synthesize all the comments from all of the distinct groups that we talked. One other qualifier would be, I think the most serious parts of that we've experienced. We saw a pretty rapid inventory reductions going on, almost coincident to the week that the commentary about supplies being available started coming out and all the panic came out of it. So I think the most significant reductions is the supply chain has sort of probably occurred and the rest of it for the next maybe a few months or worst case, another quarter or 2, are probably much less significant than the ones we've seen.
Operator: And the next question is from Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Venkatesh Nathamuni - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is Venk Nathamuni, in for Chris. A couple of questions. One, Jerry, you talked about inventory level of distribution, the plans for your -- for ADI to reduce that inventory level. But could you help quantify what the historical level of inventory is on average of distribution is, and where it is now and where do you expect it to be next quarter?
David Zinsner: This is Dave Zinsner, actually. So inventory, we measure it more or less by number of weeks. And inventory usually runs around 8 weeks. It's a little bit higher than that today by a couple of days. Our expectation is it will come down by a few days next quarter.
Venkatesh Nathamuni - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, great. Thanks. And then given the significant sell-off in the stock, and the fact that you have considerable buyback authorization, what are your plans for continued buybacks and the quantum of buyback?
David Zinsner: Well, we have $1 billion buyback program that was authorized in December of last year. We've already purchased $200 million worth of ADI stock under that plan so we have $800 million left. I think you'll see as we have in the past, been committed to returning cash to shareholders both in the form of dividends that increase over time and buybacks. And you'll see examples of that commitment going forward.
Jerald Fishman: I think, I believe is pretty attractive. These questions were a bit -- it kind of yields and the expectations for the future, even though there's a lot of gyration going on and everyone is real nervous about the short term.
Operator: And the next question is from Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: This one circles back against the industrial end market and some of the commentary you made there. I believe you said in some of your comments that the Chinese region within Industrial grew. I was wondering if you can give us more color around that and what gives you confidence that, that's not a continued stocking with the real demand. And also in your expectation, I think you mentioned in your baseline scenario, industrial would decline. Do you expect them to decline in a similar pace, down 5% sequentially or slighter than that or more heavily than that?
Jerald Fishman: Well, we don't know for sure because we never know about whether it's stockpiling in China or not. But there's not a lot of concerns right now about supply. So where there were a lot of concerns about supply, there was much more likelihood and opportunity to stockpile inventory. Although you'll only find out about the idea after the fact, so we really don't know for sure. I think the industrial environment in China is very robust. There's a huge amount of industrialization going on that continues in China, that's been growing at a pretty good rate for a while. And even in 2008 and 2009 when the world fell apart, our Industrial business in China kept growing. So I mean again, it's always difficult to predict the future but there's a lot of good signs on that business in China. What was the second question, I forgot?
David Zinsner: If you expect industrial to decline.
Jerald Fishman: I'd say our forecast right now, at least for the people that are running the Industrial business, we're expecting that to decline slightly, which is very typical in the fourth quarter because Europe slows down and Europe is a very large source of our Industrial business. But we don't expect, at least in the forecast, we now have, any significant decline, probably on lower decline than we have this quarter, in third -- in fourth quarter than we had in the third quarter.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: Okay, that's very helpful and then the quick follow up would be, you mentioned about lower factory loading. Could you remind us where utilization was maybe this quarter and what you might expect it to be next quarter? I believe last quarter you had said around 80%.
David Zinsner: Yes, so second quarter utilization was 80%. This quarter, it was -- third quarter, that was, it was 77%. We were expecting it to be kind of in the low 70s for the fourth quarter. And that's built into our gross margin assumption.
Operator: And the next question is from Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I know you guys don't like to forecast 1 quarter ahead. But just curious if you could walk us through the logic a little bit about how we would think about the January quarter? Since you seem to have some unusual seasonal patterns here, typically, if the January quarter will be down a little bit, but since you had the 2 sort of sequential drops here for July and October, is it possible that, that could be more flattish to up, or would you still think that might be potentially down?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I mean we -- I'd have to say we really have no idea. My own personal opinion is that, we'll see more effects in the next couple of quarters that are based on what's going on in the economy and overall demand patterns than we will seasonal patterns that are considered to be normal. We look back and we always look back at the last couple of years, what's the seasonal pattern for the quarter. And I can report to you that our analysis indicated that we can't figure out what the seasonal patterns are. The only -- because there's so many different factors that go into each year, it seems lately, that those sort of more exogenous factors have more to do with -- than the typical seasonal factors. Less of our business is consumer than it used to be, so that might change the seasonal factors. More of our business is industrial and infrastructure, that might change the seasonal factors. So I just don't know enough that we'd look for sort of what the backlogs are, what customers are saying that we do, that we rely on long term going back 3, 4 years and trying to predict 1 quarter's growth relative to another. It's just too many other factors.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And you mentioned a little bit about -- it looks like telecom might be up a little bit. I'm just wondering if you could talk about what's driving that in that sort of -- more of a something that happens, continuous to evolve over the next couple of quarters or that's just from some lumpiness? Any color would be helpful.
Vincent Roche: Well, I think in the third quarter, demand was generally strong across digital. And I think our sales were certainly crimped by the lack of supply to our largest customers. As a result of the tsunami in Japan, but what we're being told by our largest customers is that they're optimistic about the second half of the calendar year, and we are expecting to have good results in the fourth quarter and hopefully, in the first quarter as well. But I think overall, there's a very strong build out in China, particularly in the replacement of the GSM cycle, TD-SCDMA and particularly, in the developed world, the build out of LTE 4G is moving at a fair pace.
Jerald Fishman: Yes, I think the only way we can report is what the customers tell us. We have a very significant share in that business, particularly in the analog part of the buildup materials. And we have that share as the largest market shareholders, in the wireless business. So I think what Vincent said is what they're telling us. And that's why we believe that in the absence of real economic uncertainty accelerating, I mean that's what those customers believe. So we'll stop doing and see how that turns out.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: If I could just slip a follow-up on that. Specific thoughts on the optical market, the build out of -- say, 40 to 100 gigabit per second infrastructure the slightly different infrastructure than anything else?
Vincent Roche: Well as you probably know, most of the -- in the optical build out is in the energy sector, the edge for 10G. So I think in terms of 40 gig, 100 gig, there are certainly technologies for the future but most of the action that we see is the 10 gig, and also to some extent, 2.5 gig.
Jerald Fishman: Mostly a bargain today.
Vincent Roche: Yes, certainly in terms of the volumes. But there's certainly a deployment of 40 gig, 100 gig in the core, but we're expecting -- in terms of volumes, we certainly expect 10 gig to be dominant.
Operator: And the next question is from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Dave, I heard what you said earlier about inventory being down a couple days. Was that specific to your balance sheet or the distis or some combination of both?
David Zinsner: I would call it some combination of both. Basically, we're looking at inventory ballistically. But inventory on our balance sheet, the inventory at distribution. We know in aggregate they're going to be down, difficult to determine how much distributors will drop their inventory versus what we'll do with our inventory. But in aggregate, we expect inventory to be down.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess this question is a little tricky to ask clearly, so I hope I can pull this off. But if I look at how much inventory grew on the distributors' balance sheets this quarter, and then their guidance for their component sales to be down in the upcoming September quarter, do their orders on you -- are there orders on you consistent with that, if that's clear?
Jerald Fishman: Well, the orders on us have been weak during the third quarter. I don't think there's any doubt about that. Our conversations with the distributors, I mean they seem to indicate they want to get their inventories down. They haven't issued any massive directives at their product people to desecrate the inventories. But I think having said that, we've seen the orders from the distributors on Analog go down at a faster pace than the orders of our customers and our distributors, and that's indicative of the distributors going to reduce inventory. And that's -- we've been pretty cycled for -- I'm sorry to admit it, that part of 20 years, and that's what you typically see during these periods, where the distributors wake up and they say, "Oh my god, I've got too much inventory," they start flushing it. And the customers, a little -- a lot less so than the distributor. Now why would you look at all these book-to-bill ratios, all these things that practically, every folks are trying to predict the future. In these kind of times, they're totally useless. Because unless you understand what's going on in the inventory, all that other stuff doesn't mean anything. And those numbers can change quickly on the other side as they do on the downside. So that's the best we can do on that, Jim.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I appreciate that. If I could ask just one other one. How do you think about -- I heard what you said about utilization, Dave? How do you think about breaking that up between your internal wafer starts today? Are you going to favor internal wafer starts over outsourcing in order to keep utilization a little bit higher? How does that break down?
David Zinsner: We weren't really managing utilization to manage the inventory levels. To make them at an appropriate level to keep our lead time short but not build inventory that we're not going to need, we're going to have to throw away.
Jerald Fishman: A lot of the product we have, there's a small amount of products that are sizable between external foundries and our internal fabs. But mostly, the very fine line, seamless products, we don't build internally. So we don't have much of an ability or interest in sort of taking stuff that we're building, and TSMC and bringing it inside, although we have some abilities to do that. So as Dave said, we just manage the internal factories to the internal loads that we see from our customers on those things, and try to keep the inventory reasonably low but still be responsive just to get some upside. Because with all the doom and gloom out there right now, 1 month or 2 months from now, the world could think very differently about it. And the one thing we've learn from last cycle is you keep your lead times short. So we've managed the inventory, to keep the lead time short. Last quarter, a very interesting statistic is we shipped 99% of our revenues with less than the 4-week lead time. And that's what we intend to keep doing. And as the cost of that is a little bit extra inventory, fine, but we're not going to let the inventories run up because we'd like to get the upside when the orders go up. So I mean that's the complicated formula that we follow and that's the way we want the manufacturer reloaded.
David Zinsner: I think one of the other things that you might be -- part of this question is our gross margins of 65 to 66 are really good relative to where they may have been in other cycles where we've seen a decline in our revenue. And the reason is, we fundamentally have lowered the cost per unit of our product. And so if you look at 2008 even in our peak, we were generating 61% operating margins, we're generating for 400 to 500 basis points higher than that, because our cost per unit is actually fundamentally lower than that.
Jerald Fishman: A lot of the questions that we've gotten over the last couple of quarters have been -- is the things that we talked about, about the variability of the fixed cost structure and the lower levels of the variable cost structure and manufacturing. Are those real or just anomalies? And I think what we're beginning to see is what we have sort of thought all along that these are not fleeting cost reductions, and changes in expense format. They're lasting and when you can put the kind of results up that we put up this quarter, even though they were lower that we had thought when we had a pretty sudden and relatively unexpected decline in revenues, and we're expecting there's a wider variability on the numbers for next quarter, we're still expecting to earn very significant profits. I think that's the sign that the kind of things we've done are now part of the business model at ADI.
Operator: Your next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: One question on the margin guidance. Looks a little lighter than in recent prior quarters when you were at similar levels within your current guidance. So I'd point you to maybe Q2 or Q3 2010 or even Q1 of '11. Just wondering if you can give me some feeling for what's different from Q4 versus those prior quarters? Is it only the utilization levels, is it mix, is it pricing, is there something else?
David Zinsner: There's really nothing about price. Pricing has actually been improving. Mix maybe playing a factor in that, I'd have to go back and look at it. But I think the major difference is, we were in a cycle where we were building inventory on our balance sheet, or just collectively between the balance sheet of our balance sheet and our distributor's balance sheet. We're in the opposite situation this time, where we're looking to drop the aggregate inventory. And so utilization is down a little bit more than or meaningfully lower than where it had been at that point in time. So that's really the difference.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: That's helpful. And if I can ask a quick follow up. I know you said seasonality obviously is externally difficult. But if I were to just go to the exercise right now and roll out what I would view as typical seasonality on your Q4 guidance in the midpoint, I get for 2012 revenue growth, basically flat versus 2011. Do you think it's possible to get flat revenue growth next year versus this year? What sort of an economic environment would you think would be required potentially to see flat or maybe even -- flat revenue growth versus increase, versus declines for 2012?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I think we'd have to see a better, or more stable economic environment. I think that it's always very dangerous to try to project future quarters based on 1 or 2 quarters of inventory builds. We were on -- before the world came unglued here, both on the supply side and potentially, on the demand side next quarter, we were on a pretty good revenue build up. So I think for us at least, trying to go through this sequential quarters and come up with a real estimate for next year is very, very difficult right now. I mean we wouldn't have predicted the kind of quarter-to-quarter build ups we saw last year in couple of quarters. So I just don't know enough to make a prediction. But the one thing that I'm pretty confident about is if we get a fair shake in the market, we can outgrow the market as we have and we could, it would reach as well, I think you got to get most of our competitors, given the product mix we have with the momentum we have with the large customers. So we're going to have to wait and see. We're in a process right now of trying to put together our 2012 plan. It's certainly not lacking opportunities, our products and technical people have gone through it, and we're just trying to avoid right now, either reacting too strongly or too weekly to very large vicissitudes of changes in demand in the short term, based on factors that are not necessarily long term. So as we get closer, when we look at Q4 and we see where that turn out, we look at the order rates, and we look at the demand pattern, I think as we close out the year, we'll have a much more informed view of what's going to be possible for 2012 .
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: But if it's true that what we're seeing right now is primarily supply driven, and it turns out that the demand scenario was not terribly down, one, it would be reasonable to expect the revenue snap back at some point, once the supply issues are at work, is that correct?
Jerald Fishman: Yes, I think the major angst that we have about Q4 is, I think I mentioned in the opening remarks, much more about what's going to happen with demand than what could happen on the supply issue. Although, I think the supply issue, will probably still linger a little bit longer. But certainly, at a modulated rate for our last quarter. But mostly, I'm not trying to predict what's going to happen in the macro sense. And in that sense, you're probably smarter about that than we are.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Is it just the fact that you're getting very limited visibility from your customers that's basically driving the caution around the demand environment in Q4?
Jerald Fishman: I think -- I keep yelling at Vince, and our sales guy, "Why can't you be more accurate?" And their response is the customers don't know what's going to happen. And so I think what happens in companies with all these uncertainty, the wild gyrations go on in the stock market, and all the forecast of economic, who knows what's going to happen. I just think, customers can't predict what's going to happen, and therefore, the purchasing groups try to keep the vendors honest and sort of keep -- they don't tell me what's going to be bad until it's bad. And we try to look at that and judge it. But I think what's really the case is the customers just don't know what's going to happen in the short term with their business. Therefore, it's very hard for us to one-step out of the food chain for that to come up with a very warm opinion of what's going to happen next quarter then we have a lot of confidence, there's too many variables. We, at Analog, we have a very broad product line. We serve so many customers in so many markets in so many geographies in a stable market, so the lower large number is really helpful. But 1 is up, and 1 is down and everything is sort of evens out. And we're generally, pretty close to where our expectations are. But right now, it's just -- there's too many things moving in too many directions to be precise about. I wish I could be and I'm sure you'd like us to be, but when we look at ourselves in the mirror, we just don't know.
Operator: And the next question is from Parker Paulin with Wells Fargo.
Parker Paulin - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: A couple of questions, you kind of hit on shades of them, but I was curious as to your operating margins long term this quarter, and the last couple quarters, you've been up in the 35-plus percent range. And it looks like next quarter, you're kind of guiding a little bit below that. Do you think there's a range that's sustainable for you?
Jerald Fishman: Yes, I mean our sense, nothing that happened this quarter? We changed that view. We think with the mix of business we have, with the continuing pressure on the cost structure of the company, with continuing pricing power that we continue to enjoy in the market, we think that these kind of margins are quite stable going forward. And we think when the revenues are moving in the right direction, they can move above these lines.
Parker Paulin - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And second one, you've kind of hit on the sort of future outlook and a little higher overview, but I was just curious if we might be able to get any additional color in terms of the industrial breakout this quarter?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I think only what I said that the strength in the Industrial business was more of a factory automation, instrumentation side. The weakness seem to be more in the test equipment side, and we consider medical as part of the Industrial part of the business. But as I said earlier, it's not -- these aren't large differences, but they are minor differences but nevertheless, different.
Operator: And the next question is from Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: So on the, I assume it was below 1 but was book-to-bill below 1 in the quarter?
Jerald Fishman: Yes. But as I said earlier, I wouldn't think one thing or the other as a result of that. The inventories are being liquidated. So it's interesting but mostly irrelevant statistics.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: But we like to track those kind of things anyway.
Jerald Fishman: I know you do, but we try to do but our predictability of using that as an indicator of our next quarter sales as we found out this quarter, when book-to-bill was well above 1 last quarter, at least for us, it's not very enlightening.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: Understood. And there's just a couple of smaller ones. Have you noticed any overall change in your mix in the last month or in the last few weeks where people are trying or buying the lower end SKUs? And then the other question was on the consumer area that was less than expected, what application area was that?
Jerald Fishman: Well, we're not seeing any real differences. I mean customers buy what they're selling. And the product they have was selling, we said not that we have very many low-end products, but generally, I don't think there's anything that is noteworthy about the kind of products that people are buying. Our average selling prices, which were represented into the mix were relatively constant. So I don't think there's any -- anything really noteworthy on that. The second question, specific to consumer was it, Shawn? Yes, I think it's -- there's a broad range of consumer products that in second quarter, went down a lot of the -- we covered a little bit for Q3. The backlogs went up a little bit, so maybe we'll recover a little bit more in Q4 in line with normal seasonality, back-to-school, all that kind of stuff. But walk away and see how that happens, there wasn't any one particular application.
Operator: And the next question is from Romit Shah with Nomura.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Dave, accounting question for you. Utilization is coming down this quarter. I think you said into the low 70% range. Did that fully get reflected in gross margins? Or is it still in October because you have to sell the inventory?
David Zinsner: Usually when the variance kind of go negative, that in generally it just goes right through the P&L.
Romit Shah - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: So is it fair to say that if October is the bottom for revenues, that it's also probably the bottom for gross margin?
David Zinsner: Yes. Obviously, it depends on what the aggregate inventory levels are going to do in the following quarter. But if the following quarter, they stabilize or moving up because revenues increasing, then I think you could say that, that's the trough.
Operator: And the next question is from Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee.
Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I'm just wondering, when you look at your inventory levels in-house, any 2 of your sheet that you need to -- working down a little bit? I know there's a couple of questions already on it, but I just wanted to get your thoughts there.
David Zinsner: So the question is whether the inventory levels on our balance sheet need to come down, is that what the question is?
Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Yes.
David Zinsner: Yes, I think we always take a look at this in aggregate. We certainly had 110 days of inventory or at the kind of high end of our range. So we are over time, probably looking to bring those down more closer to 100 days. But we're just -- as a process in near term, you look at the aggregate inventory between what we have on our balance sheet, what the distributors have on their balance sheet, and we look to try to in aggregate, bring those down.
Jerald Fishman: I think it's also true that, we in the past, have carried much larger inventory than that. And we rarely have write-downs for those inventories. Because particularly, the internal products we built have such long life cycle. And the reason I was trying to keep the inventories lower than the peak levels that we've had in the past, just for the reason of the first "question" that just got asked, we have found that it's much better for us to have a much more rapid snapback in the gross margins than try to preserve another point or so of gross margins by keeping the factories overloaded. And we really run the company around the lead times. So we're going to make sure that the lead times stay low and that's going to absorb the inventory rather than the other way around.
Vijay Rakesh - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay and on the industrial, sir, I know you mentioned, things are still looking pretty stable. What's your book-to-bill there as you look on? I know it's not been a good indicator, but what do you see the book-to-bill there on industrial side?
Jerald Fishman: I don't have that data. We don't break it down by industry segment. I'm sorry we don't have that data.
Operator: And the next question is from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Jerry, you mentioned in your prepared comments, that you missed some revenue opportunity in the July quarter out of the COGS infrastructure business.
Jerald Fishman: Yes.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Component shortage of wafers. I'm kind of curious, how much was that and do you expect to make that back in the October quarter?
Jerald Fishman: The first answer is simpler than the second one. The first answer was probably 40% of the revenue miss. And I think over time, you'll make that back and over time's what happens with the ultimate demand from those customers. But it was a fairly significant number.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: Jerry was that 40% of the low end of guide or to the midpoint?
Jerald Fishman: To the midpoint.
David Zinsner: Yes, to the midpoint.
John Pitzer - Crdit Suisse AG: And then guys when you look at the midpoint of guidance for the October quarter, can you help me understand what normal linearity is for this quarter, and does the midpoint assume normal linearity? Or do you expect that you're not going to see what I would expect to be relatively stronger months in September and October?
Jerald Fishman: Typically, I think Dave alluded to this earlier. We see August being relatively weak, particularly in Europe. And then we see a stronger September and a much longer October. That's typically the linearity of the quarter and that's the linearity that we're planning on for this quarter.
Operator: And the final question is from David Wu with Indaba Global Research.
David Wu - Global Crown: Jerry, a quick question on geography. If I were to look at your business, Europe, Western Europe, United States and Japan, if you add up those 3 (sic) up, how much of that business would it be and correspondingly, what about those "merchant markets," how big are those in terms of your total revenue mix?
Jerald Fishman: I will delegate that to David who has all the numbers.
David Zinsner: It's David, I'm sorry. I missed what you said. What were the components of the one you wanted...
David Wu - Global Crown: Well, U.S., Europe, Western Europe and Japan. Can you give any idea what percentage of the business that is? And if you look at the BRIC countries, the Brazil, Indias and Chinas, how big could that be?
David Zinsner: Okay so basically about 50% -- if I mention this correctly, but 50% of our revenue came from the U.S. and Europe and the rest of North America. If you add Japan, that's another 13% and the rest of China and Asia Pac.
Mindy Kohl: Okay. That concludes our Q&A session. We appreciate your participation and look forward to talking with all of you again during our Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Call scheduled for November 21 beginning at 5:00 p.m. Thanks very much.
Operator: And this concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-05-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Zinsner - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Mindy Kohl - Director of Investor Relations Vincent Roche - Vice President of Strategic Market Segments (SMS) Group Robert McAdam - Vice President of Core Products and Technologies (CPT) Group Jerald Fishman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Deepon Sen Gupta  Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ian Eigenbrod Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Analog Devices Second Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Kohl, you may begin your conference.
Mindy Kohl: Thank you. This is Mindy Kohl. I just want to apologize that I have a bad case of laryngitis today, so I'm going to turn it over to Dave for the opening remarks.
David Zinsner: Thanks, Mindy, and good afternoon, everyone. This is Dave Zinsner, Vice President and CFO. We appreciate you joining us for today's call. If you haven't yet seen our second quarter fiscal 2011 release, you can access it by visiting our website at analog.com and clicking on the headline on the homepage. This conference call is also being webcast live from analog.com, select Investor Relations and follow the instruction shown next to the microphone icon. A recording of this conference call will be available today within about 2 hours of this call's completion and will remain available via telephone playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived on our IR website. Participating in today's call with me are Jerry Fishman, President and CEO; Vincent Roche, Vice President of Strategic Market and Segment and Worldwide Sales; and Robbie McAdam, Vice President of Core Products and Technologies. This is an opportunity for you to get more color on the markets and product segments since we have Vince and Robbie joining us today.  During the first part of today's call, Jerry and I will present our second quarter fiscal 2011 results as well as our short-term outlook. The remainder of the time will be devoted to answering questions from our analyst participants. During today's call, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for certain nonrecurring items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operation and business trends. We have included reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures in today's earnings release, which is posted on the IR website. In addition, we have updated the schedules on our IR website which include the historical, quarterly and annual summary P&Ls for continuing operations as well as historical, quarterly and annual information for revenue from continuing operation by end market and product type.  Next I'd ask you to please note that the information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which include risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those described in our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking information that is provided on this call represents our outlook as of today, and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause our outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time-sensitive information which may be accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, which is May 17, 2011.  With that, let's begin with opening remarks from our CEO, Jerry Fishman.
Jerald Fishman: Well, good afternoon, and thanks for joining us on today's ADI call. Our second quarter was a great quarter for ADI, of course, virtually every dimension of our business, with results that were way ahead of the earlier guidance that we provided last quarter. Revenues were $791 million, which were up almost 9% sequentially and 18% year-over-year. Our growth was driven by strength in industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure products, which increased sequentially by 14%, 12% and 7%, respectively. Sales of consumer products declined by 7% sequentially in Q2. Order rates were very strong in Q2 and our book-to-bill ratio was above one. Over the course of the quarter, orders were generally strong in February. They spiked in March in reaction to industry-wide uncertainty caused by the events in Japan and leveled off to more normal rates in April, which were in line with what we would normally expect on a seasonal basis. In managing ADI going forward, it's very critical that we carefully understand the upside that we experienced in Q2 and properly plan with that upside for the balance of 2011. Our best answer after analyzing all the data is that there are 3 principal factors that came into play in the second quarter. First, clearly the earthquake and tsunami in Japan resulted in less business for ADI in that region in Q2, as many factories were shut down and consumer demand dropped following these disastrous events in Japan. Secondly, the events in Japan likely caused an industry-wide acceleration of buying by customers to build some safety stock. Despite the fact that ADI's lead times remain short and we got very few product shortages, we believe that customers, some customers anyhow, had some proper inventory of ADI products during the quarter. While we don't believe that this was material to our results in Q2, it was nevertheless a factor. The net of those 2 opposing forces, in one sense Japan being weaker and the other sense some acceleration of orders in the second quarter, we estimate probably increased our second quarter revenue by approximately $20 million. However, it's important to note that even with this upside caused by these events, revenues would have been above the high end of the range that we communicated at the beginning of the quarter, indicating that the fundamental demand for our products is very strong. Lastly, our results were led by continuing strength in the industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure products, all markets which are growing and robust in most geographies and markets in which ADI is extremely well positioned. In addition, we have very little exposure to the computer market and to the low-end cellphone market, where competitive price pressures and uncertain demand patterns are certainly at the current time eliminating market progress. Our outlook for Q3, which I'll comment on a little bit later in the call, will take into account all of these factors.  So now I'll turn the call back to Dave, who'll provide a few more details about our second quarter financial results.
David Zinsner: Thanks, Jerry. As Jerry mentioned, second quarter revenues were $791 million, increasing 9% sequentially and 18% from last year. Gross margins were above guidance at 67.6% in the second quarter, a 140-basis-point improvement from the prior quarter and a record for the company. The increase in gross margins was driven by better utilization on higher sales and a favorable product mix.  Operating expenses for the second quarter were $236 million, a $13 million or 5.8% increase from the prior quarter. The increase was the result of a planned salary adjustment, the first in 3 years, which took effect at the beginning of the second quarter and other related costs, along with some modest strategic hiring. As a percentage of revenue, operating expenses declined to 29.8% in Q2 compared to 30.6% of revenue in the prior quarter and 33% a year earlier.  Operating profits for the second quarter were $299 million or 37.8% of sales, up 220 basis points from 35.6% of sales in the prior quarter. Here again, operating margins are at record levels for the company. The increase in operating margins was the result of the higher sales, continued strength in gross margins and tightly controlled operating expenses. For the second quarter, operating profit increased sequentially by $39 million or 15% on a $62 million or 9% revenue increase. This represented a 63% drop-through of incremental revenue to operating profit. Other expense was approximately $1.7 million compared to $600,000 in the prior quarter. The increase was related to interest expense, which increased as a result of the $375 million 3% coupon bond that we issued on April 4.  Our non-GAAP tax rate was just over 22% this quarter, in line with expectations. We expect the tax rate to remain at approximately 22% next quarter. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.78 and non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.75, excluding a onetime tax benefit. This compares to diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.70 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.66 in the prior quarter.  Our cash generation continues to be strong as we generated 25% of our revenues or $197 million in operating cash flow, and our cash balance now totals approximately $3.4 billion, of which approximately $1.2 billion is in the U.S. Our Q2 cash balance includes the $375 million 3% bond I mentioned earlier. Net cash at the end of Q2 was approximately $2.5 billion. Capital expenditures were $34 million, which resulted in free cash flow of $163 million or 21% of revenue for the quarter. In addition, we repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares or $68 million worth of ADI stock in the second quarter. As a result of our strong financial performance and cash flow and our commitment to returning cash to shareholders, our Board of Directors approved a 14% increase to ADI's quarterly dividend to $0.25 per outstanding share of common stock. This increased dividend will be paid on June 15 to all shareholders of record at the close of business on May 27. Our accounts receivable balance increased sequentially by approximately 8%, in line with our revenue growth, and our days sales outstanding remained flat to the prior quarter at 48 days. All of our customers are current to their terms. Inventory at the end of the second quarter increased by 4% sequentially and our days of inventory were 104 days compared to 105 days in the prior quarter. Our distributor inventory expressed in terms of days of inventory was up slightly, in line with distributors' more positive outlook on business conditions and remains at target levels of approximately 8 weeks.  Lead times for our direct OEM customers remained similar to last quarter and are in excellent control with 99% of our shipments to OEMs occurring within 6 weeks. Overall, from a supply chain perspective, we have not experienced any material impact from the Japan earthquake and tsunami. We have no manufacturing facilities in Japan, have not experienced any shortages of raw silicone or processing and packaging materials and as our lead times show, we did an excellent job supplying to upside demand from our customers in the second quarter. In summary, by every financial and business metric, this was a very successful quarter for ADI.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Jerry, who will discuss the results from each of our end markets and provide our short-term outlook.
Jerald Fishman: Well, with regard to our market performance in the second quarter, in the second quarter, our revenues from the broad and diversified industrial market, which includes industrial automation, instrumentation, energy, defense and healthcare, grew 14% sequentially, reaching a record level of $384 million. Our strong results were primarily driven by growth in the process control and instrumentation markets, with most other application areas within the industrial category showing sequential improvement as well. In addition, we saw strong sales both at our large OEM industrial accounts, as well as within our work base of smaller industrial accounts. In aggregate, industrial revenues represented 49% of our total revenues in Q2. Overall, we continue to believe that the industrial market offers significant long-term growth opportunities in line with ADI's overall corporate growth rate, driven by our customers' need for energy efficiency and higher performance in industrial automation and advanced instrumentation equipment, as well as an increasing trend to substitute capital for labor in modern factory build outs around the world. For the balance of 2011, we expect industrial sales to remain strong, a prediction that is supported by leading industrial customers who've reported that they believe underlying conditions in this market are very solid. For example, Siemens and ABB, which are 2 of ADI's major industrial customers, in their most earnings announcements reported double-digit increases in new orders, underscoring the strength in their respective businesses. We believe that ADI is very well positioned to benefit from the momentum that these and many other industrial customers continue to see. Revenues from our automotive customers were $106 million in the quarter, an increase of 12% sequentially from the first quarter. That would get another record for our Automotive business, which in Q2 represented approximately 13% of our total revenues. Leveraging our strengths along the signal chain and sensors and signal conditioning and data converters and in DSPs, ADI has developed a very compelling portfolio of solutions in the area of safety, entertainment and also power train electronics. In this portfolio, along with a more robust market in automotive worldwide, continues to drive our success. During Q2, safety systems represented a large portion of our business in automotive, with particularly strong sales in the area of stability control, which is a new large market opportunity for ADI technology. In addition, infotainment remained strong in the areas of hedge units and audio amplifier and in powertrain products, we experienced continuing success with our battery management products, achieving record revenue levels in Q2 with sales of key products such as our intelligent battery management solution which is used in lower emission vehicles. Looking ahead, we expect automotive to continue to be an important growth driver for ADI, and we believe that we'll continue to benefit from favorable macro trends within the automotive space in the areas of active and passive safety, entertainment and fuel efficiency, all of which together should continue to drive higher dollar content for ADI. Communications revenues at $176 million for the quarter were up 7% versus Q1 level. Sales to communications customers accounted for about 22% of our total sales in the quarter. During the second quarter, escalating the adoption of smartphones and the accompanying data growth, continued to drive cellular market expansion in Europe, in North America and also in China. For ADI, wireless infrastructure sales surged in Q2, driven by a strong base station demand as competing operators remain focused on aggressively expanding their capacity and their footprint. We believe that ADI will continue to benefit from this expansion as a result of the need for broadband high performance mixed signal radios and base stations and a point-to-point system. Less than 10% of our communications infrastructure revenues in Q2 were derived from TD-SCDMA equipment in China, which given the large sequential communications revenue increase we saw in Q2, really clearly demonstrates the underlying strength and most importantly, the breadth of ADI's position in the wireless infrastructure market worldwide. Our current estimates are that TD-SCDMA revenues will begin to increase in the second half of the year as TD-SCDMA deployments we hope resume in China. Wired communications, although down slightly quarter-over-quarter, were up year-over-year in Q2 and continued to trend upward on an annual basis. Though moderated to some degree by constraints on capital spending in the short term, we expect that the fundamental demand for higher wire traffic will continue to drive growth in this business for ADI over the longer term. Going forward, we expect that communications infrastructure will remain a key area of opportunity for ADI, driven by the explosion in mobile broadband data usage and continued mobile subscriber growth, pushing infrastructure capital spending to new high levels. In the second quarter, our consumer revenues were down 7% sequentially, primarily due to events in Japan as well as weaker consumer spending environments worldwide. Our Q2 revenues from consumer customers were $111 million and accounting for 14% of ADI's revenues. During the second quarter, increased revenues from portable consumer products partially offset weaker revenues in digital camera products, while home entertainment revenues were essentially flat, sequentially. And finally, our computer revenues were flat sequentially, but represented now just 2% of ADI's total revenue. As most of you are aware, the computing market is not a space where ADI is supplying almost any R&D resource. So let me now turn it to the outlook for Q3. Overall, business was very strong for ADI in Q2. As I mentioned earlier, during the second quarter, industry-wide uncertainty about supply related to the Japan disaster likely accelerated some demand, which is not expected to repeat in the third quarter. At the same time, our order trends were strong throughout Q2. And we're entering Q3 with a book-to-bill ratio above one and higher where we have opening backlog, which together indicates continuing growth in the demand for ADI's products. In addition, our customer forecast indicate continued strong demand for industrial, automotive and communications infrastructure products and also some recovery in consumer products, particularly in Japan. In aggregate, as a result of strength in our end markets coupled with our continuing ability to supply upside demand, we're now more optimistic about what we can achieve in 2011 than we were when the year began. As such, we're planning for our third quarter revenues to be in the range of $765 million to $795 million with a midpoint of about $780 million, which is above our original plan for Q3. We expect continuing strong gross margins in the range of 67% to 68%. We expect operating expenses to be flat-to-down slightly sequentially. We believe that this should result in earnings from continuing operations in a range of $0.70 to $0.75, which were also above our original plan for the third quarter. In summary, I'm very pleased with where ADI is today and also where we're headed. Our heightened focus, coupled with secular strength in the markets that are strategic for ADI, is producing above market growth rates and makes such that the margin more optimistic about achieving the long-term growth rates that we've projected. Clearly the benefits of strategically focusing our R&D on higher margin and sustainable markets is beginning to pay off for ADI. And our fundamentally lower and more variable cost structure is resulting in one of the most profitable business models in the semiconductor industry to date with upside opportunity and some downside projection. Most importantly, our employees understand and support where we're headed and are enthusiastic about ADI's future and the role that they continue to play in our success. In a recently completed survey of our 8,500 employees around the world, we noted very significant improvements in virtually every category of employee understanding and employee satisfaction, which together are generally a very good leading indicator of our future success. By design, we're in the right places at the right times with a highly capable and energized workforce. And our growth in financial returns, which we believe will continue to drive superior returns for our shareholders, are indicative of the strength of this position.
Mindy Kohl: Thank you Jerry. During today's Q&A period, please limit yourself to one primary question, and no more than one follow-up question. We'll give you another opportunity to ask additional questions if we have time remaining. Operator, we're now ready for questions from our analyst participants.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chris Danely from JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First question, a little longer term, can you just talk about the gross margin drivers for the rest of this year, and then maybe throw in what the utilization rates are right now?
David Zinsner: Sure. Well, let me start with utilization. Utilization was about 80% this quarter, and it was about 75% last quarter. That's likely to come down a little bit next quarter. We'll modulate our inventory build a little bit and we do have a shutdown planned over the July 4 holiday for the Wilmington site. Long term, I think obviously, at these gross margin levels, we're pretty pleased we certainly exceeded our original expectations that we provided to you in the Analyst Day back in early 2010. I think most of the driver going forward has a lot to do with revenue, both in terms of the absolute dollars of revenue driving margin expansion as well as if the utilization creeps up beyond the 80% levels we're at today.
Jerald Fishman: I think the other part of it that's really been fundamentally a better product mix that we've had over the last year or 2, so we've really increased our focus in the B2B space. And certainly, those markets provide proprietary gross margin opportunities in some of the other higher volume and much more competitive segments. So I think that the combination of the utilization -- we have the factories properly sized that we can get the upside that we need, even though we had $30 million or $40 million more revenues than we thought we were going to have, but yet we have extremely low costs in those factories. So I think it's really a combination of it. Certainly if utilization creeps up, the gross margin should respond well to that. And certainly as the product mix continues to evolve more towards the B2B space of the business-to-business base, I think that could have some positive drivers as well. So as Dave said, we were wondering about a year ago if we could sort of get past the 63%, 64% area on gross margins. I think now we're comfortably above that, and we're looking around for continuing opportunities to move that. So we'll have to see how that goes, but those are the primary drivers.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And for my follow-up, just a little more color on Japan. If you guys could, can you estimate how much of the weakness is due to demand versus, is anything on the supply constraints side? And then how did you guys arrive at the $20 million number?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I mean, first of all, there was a word in front of the $20 million that said approximately, so this is not a scientific calculation about that. What we did is we looked at some of the -- our logistics group and the people we're servicing the customers looked at customers that they know pulled some orders in and we made some estimates on others and we came up with that number based on the best guess we have from looking at our large customers and our small customers. By definition, it's a very complicated number because we serve 60,000 customers around the world in all these different countries that are all going through different cycles. But I thought it was important to try to come up with an estimate of that to properly set the stage for Q3 and Q4 because there were some onetime things in Q2 when we want to try or at least put boundaries on that to help everybody understand what were the onetime benefits that we got and what we're sustaining, part of the growth curves that we're operating on is. So I mean, we don't have any -- we don't have a spreadsheet that adds up to plus or minus $10, obviously. We just have some guesses in the large and the small customers about what happened. The best guess we have is that the events in Japan and the Japanese market probably cost us $5 million or $10 million in revenues in Japan and the rest of it was upside that we got from other customers. So that's if we had to make a guess, that would be the guess of the balance that we saw.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, great. That's very helpful.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: The first question is a little bit high-level question regarding buyback. It seems like secularly, ADI is doing very well in end markets, having very good uptake of its products across a number of applications. And it appears based on the margins and the returns that you're generating that your stock looks cheap at these levels. I was wondering, given that you have a fairly large authorization, why weren't you more aggressive in the buyback this quarter?
Jerald Fishman: Well, a bunch of reasons. First of all, for a large part of this quarter, the world was a very uncertain place, and there were people that were projecting the world was going to come unglued. They couldn't get substrates, they couldn't get plastics, they couldn't get wafers and we were concerned about that as well early in the quarter, so we're a little bit more hesitant. The other part is, we just raised the cash balance in the U.S. We did a financing in early April to get a larger cash balance in the U.S. to give us more flexibility in the future to do that. Right now, based on the results, we decided to raise the dividend substantially as one indication of that. But I think that opportunistically, as we've said and we've proven in the past, we tend to be retro buyers of our stock when we think it's appropriate.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then as my follow-up, I was hoping that maybe Vincent or Robbie could chime in on what are maybe the 1 or 2 key take aways from progress on the reorganization of the sales and products groups a year and a half ago? I'm looking that their view on maybe 1 or 2 of the most positive and a sense of that, and also perhaps one setback that they've encountered as well.
Vincent Roche: Okay. Well, maybe I'll chime in on that one. I think there are 2 very, very tangible benefits we're seeing at this point. I think, one, the strategic planning process in terms of how we allocate the vital resources in terms of R&D, our fuel resources and so on. We've gotten a lot more strategic clarity around now where it is that we want to play and how it is that we create the win for the company. And I think as well, we're just in terms of being able to engage with our critical customers, the key customers, in terms of really getting a granular understanding of their needs and being able to define products in a way that address those needs in the most aggressive and innovative way, those are 2 term benefits that I see at this point in time.
Robert McAdam: Yes. And I mean, I think it's about -- Robbie here. I think it's about having a much more clarity and certainty about our long-term strategies and knowing that we've got winning strategies and knowing where we don't, in fact, have changes.
Jerald Fishman: I'll throw an answer in on the hardest part of the question, the second half of your question, Terry. The hardest part, I think in this thing is, we have radically turned ADI upside down in the last couple of years. I mean, the numbers and the results we're getting are not just normal things that happen. So we've changed the strategic balance in the company tremendously on where we're putting money and where we're not. We've gotten out of businesses. We've increased investment in other businesses. We have virtually the top 30 people in the company in different jobs primarily than they had, including Vince and Robbie, I would say, than they had 18 months ago. And when you think an organization that is as large and complex as ADI and you try to transform it in the ways we have, both on the strategy side, on the operational efficiency side, on the cost side, we've changed direction on many, many things we were doing to get to where we've got. And it just takes time in the organization to get everybody around to that point of view. I mean, one of the reasons we did this survey that I mentioned earlier in my comments, and we really didn't exactly know what the results of that survey were going to be when we did it. So one of the reasons we did it is we really wanted to see if there was some really significant fundamental movement in the way people were thinking about what was going on in the company and what they saw what the issues are. I think the larger issue that people have seen as a result of that in private company is that they're from different jobs and they're adjusting to it, and it takes a while and their perspectives are different and they don't get to make some of the decisions that they used to make on their own without regard to what customers wanted and so on. So I think those are just things that we're pushing our way through. I was very pleased by the results we got in the survey. When we look at some of the numbers, I mean, people really believe things have changed here, and they're generally very enthusiastic about the change. I just wish, like always, it would happen faster.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: Very helpful color, Jerry.
Jerald Fishman: Unlike you guys, who give us long periods of time to see results.
Terence Whalen - Citigroup Inc: That's great.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Uche Orji from UBS.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: This is Parag for Uche. Just had a question on your results on the outlook. Even if we adjust the impact from Japan, the polling for demand, your loss was better than many of your peers. So just one thing, is there any other dynamics that are at play, like, you're seeing any acceleration in combination of design wins or any industrial gain that you're seeing better revenue than your peers?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I think the third part of the mix of the quarter that I mentioned in the opening comments was we're doing extremely well in the B2B business right now. And for markets like industrial, where many people believed it was sort of a slow growth, stodgy market. And at last year's analyst meeting, we had the guy that runs our industrial business stand up and say that his goal was to grow that business as fast or faster than any of our other businesses and everyone sort of rolled their eyes and said that was not really possible. And I think I mentioned in one of the last couple of quarter calls that I really believed the guy and we're seeing that. There is usually industrialization going on in many countries in the world. There's a tremendous substitute of capital -- industrial capital for labor going on every place in the world. And the industrial business with a push on efficiency and so on is really creating great opportunities for our technology. And so I think when you look at that market, the infrastructure market, I mean, the reason that generically we're doing better is because the market segments that we're strategically committed to, market segments where we've added resource at the expense of other market segments where we retracted resource, I think those tend to be markets that are doing extremely well right now, and that's one of the reasons that our performance is differentiated right now. I think secondarily, we've created a great model with our operations and logistics people where we are able to respond very rapidly to upside and downside demand and take care of our customers, and that helps us a little in these -- in the short term, we get a few more orders and we get to pull a few more sale, but I think long term, we've created an environment where customers really believe they can rely on us. And I think that's a big competitive advantage in the longer term. So I think it's those reasons that, really, as we've analyzed everything, are contributing to some of the upside.
Parag Agarwal - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just a follow-up on the industrial market. You indicated that you expect to see a continuing demand momentum going forward. But if we look at the macro data that is coming out, that seems to indicate some slowdown on the industrial market. So just wondering, how do you reconcile the 2 data points? And also within the data...
Jerald Fishman: Well, you have to have a point of view in trying to manage this business, and we tend to listen a lot more to what our customers are saying than to what economic sagers are saying right now. So we've always had a philosophy over the last couple of years that we're going to build what our customers say they need, and we're going to keep the lead time short and we're going to deliver to them when they need the product. And if it turns out that the customers are wrong, then we'll have a little bit too much inventory, which generally is not a problem for us because a lot of it lasts forever given the product cycles that we have. But the one thing that we can't afford to do and that we won't do is try to second-guess our customers of what they're telling us over the next few quarters. So we're going to build what the customers say they want, and we're going to be prepared to respond to upside if it's a little bit better. And we're going to be able to throttle pretty quickly if it looks like they're not meeting their forecast. That's all we can do in running the company. Because if you read all of the summaries and you try to track all the economic analysis, I mean, it just gets very confusing. And I think you make very large mistakes by doing that. So we have a very simple model. The customers tell us they want it, we build it.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: The first question is just, you breakout on one of your categories, it's amplifiers and RF. On the RF side, I was hoping you could talk about where you see you guys now, product wise, and what that roadmap might look like for your products in that category over the next couple of years.
Robert McAdam: Well, the RF -- our RF business actually has various aspects, and the largest portion of it is in communications infrastructure. As we've said over the years, we are at a very strong position, data converters in the communications industry except for the base stations are the main parts. And over the last 7 years, we've been investing in components in the RF and we've been billing our share aggressively over that. The second part of the RF business is in the industrial space, a lot of smart metering, a lot of industrial and communications and remote sensing, and our narrowband RF pallets are selling in those bases. So we just see RF in the final frontier in terms of performance frequency and we have said the business has been growing very steadily versus the last one. But we haven't -- we have and we'll continue to increase our share in the base station area as increased considering -- that's actually one of the driving factors over the last year and a half.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And I just had one quick follow-up on gross margin. I apologize if you touched on it but in the past, you'd indicated a couple of drivers for margin were going to be pricing the products a little bit better. And then the other thing was you had certain products you thought you could design for manufacturability in a better way. I apologize if you've touched on that but if you haven't, could you just give us an update how far are you in terms of those 2 issues, or is there still room left to get some more margin gain out of that?
Jerald Fishman: Well, certainly, those are all factors that led to -- if you look over the last year or 2, gross margins are up 12 points or something, 13 points. So those are all factors that are contributing to that. So I'd say that that's a never-ending mission at Analog. We're continuing to bang on the products where the margins are and what we want them to be. We're continuing to look for opportunities to keep the price levels up and -- particularly for the older products, where customers really value the fact that we'll supply them for 20 years. So I think a lot of those things are areas that we just continuously focus on. And before it's successful, that ought to help, and -- but it doesn't end. It hasn't ended with where we are today. But no, we're not going to predict the future on that until we get, so -- but overall, that's a continuing program at ADI is the best I can say.
Operator: And then we have a question from the line of Shawn Webster from Macquarie.
Deepon Sen Gupta : This is Deepon for Shawn. I had a question about your Communications business. It looks like it's reaccelerated during the quarter despite the weak China spend. Can you talk about the dynamics of that market? Is there some kind of dollar content story that's taking off here at LTE? Or what else do you think is going on here?
Vincent Roche: Yes, we have -- our business is strong across the 3G, and now we're seeing an emergence of 4G technologies being deployed in areas like America, for example. So typically, 3, 5 years ago, our business was heavily 2G, a 2.5G base. The content we're getting per system in the 3G and 4G systems is higher with each progression from across the generations. We're getting typically higher value content per system, and I expect that to continue in the future as well. So that's a big, big part of it. So I think part of the story is that there's just more deployments across the board in general as operators scramble to meet the capacity needs to be able to meet the consumers' need for mobile, video, data payload increases. So I think in general what we're seeing is a mixture of macro trends and ADI getting more share per customer and more content per system. And I expect that to continue in the years ahead.
Jerald Fishman: I think one of the takeaways that I commented on in the opening comments was that our business grew pretty significantly despite that TD-SCDMA has been sort of much lower over the last 6 to 9 months. And that just goes to the breadth of the deployments that are going on in our position with customers who are supplying to a much wider market than just China. So I think we look at that as a good leading indicator for the future because eventually the TD-SCDMA deployments will pick up and we'll get that on top of what we're already getting in the broader market. So with the large infrastructure customers, the top 5 or 6, ones that had up to 90% of the market, we have extremely strong position, and that's really helping us. There were a lot of -- there used to be a lot of comments and fears that most of the business was China, and that if TD-SCDMA slow down, that business will disappear. I think the fact that we're doing this well without any real growth there is very concerning for us.
Deepon Sen Gupta : That's very helpful. Also, public sector. There's been some commentary, especially Cisco this week about a weakening public sector. People's -- obviously, Washington has had a lot of issues with budgets. Are you seeing any weakness in the defense sector or any kind of other public business that you have?
Robert McAdam: No, I think we've seen a little growth. We loop aerospace and defense into the same cluster. And we are seeing, I would say, very, very moderate growth there. But I don't see any particularly discernible trends on the public sector effect on our business.
Deepon Sen Gupta : But you don't see any weakness going forward or anything to cause concern?
Robert McAdam: That's a relatively small portion of the business.
Jerald Fishman: Yes. I mean, that's a small part of that industrial category. We thought from time to time we ought to grow that more, because our products are very suitable in many of those applications. But we just haven't had a huge focus on that. Maybe that's some opportunity for the future, but it's not a very large portion of our sales today.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Sumit Dhanda from Citadel Securities.
Ian Eigenbrod: This is Ian in for Sumit. Just a question. Could you comment a little bit on orders quarter-to-date and how that may relate to the level you saw in February, sort of pre-earthquake spike?
David Zinsner: I think what I can tell you is the oil level that we had for the first couple of weeks was pretty indicative of what our guidance is.
Ian Eigenbrod: Okay. So maybe just to ask differently, if you kept the current rate, would you expect a positive book-to-bill in the quarter?
Jerald Fishman: We really just don't know. So I mean, we -- the quarter is only 2 weeks old. We tried to take a look at it and see if our universe changed in the 2 weeks since we ended the quarter. I think what Dave said, it hasn't, and I think that's all we could really say or try to project based on 2 weeks of data.
Ian Eigenbrod: Okay. Good. Fair enough. And then just on automotive, Jerry, I think you touched on this a little bit. Could you pause that Automotive business between the sort of core traditional safety business and maybe some of these newer infotainment and powertrain applications? Is it -- are those new apps half the business today or more or?
Robert McAdam: Maybe on the safety business, it's not airbags anymore. It's a descriptive tool. So we've seen a lot of growth in the actual lens-based part of our business, which is really around stability control, anti-skid systems using our gyroscopes. And the remaining growth is coming from, as we mentioned earlier, battery monitoring, engine sensing and just all of the additional segment processing that goes around making cars more efficient whether they're -- and those are many casting cars to date, and that's where most of it is coming from. But the traditional core, as you call it, lens business has transformed from being an airbag business to being a stability control business, and that's where we kind of get...
Jerald Fishman: As well.
Vincent Roche: As well as that's we're getting the growth.
Jerald Fishman: Yes. We've mentioned in the past the gyroscope products that were an enormous invention. And in fact, just last quarter, we promoted the guy who sort of invented a lot that in Analog, the fellow in Analog, which is our higher technical chief. And it's really gotten a lot of traction. I mean, our gyro is unique in the industry. It offers tremendous advantage. And stability control is a huge opportunity going forward, because it's legislated in many countries now. And so I think that's one of the areas that we're getting a lot of upside in, and I think we will continue. But I don't have the breakout of how much that business is versus the engine control. I mean, down in the ranks we probably do, but I don't have it handy here.
Operator: And there are no more questions at this time.
Mindy Kohl: Okay. That concludes our Q&A session. We appreciate your participation and look forward to talking with all of you again for the third quarter 2011 call on August 16.
Operator: This concludes today's Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-02-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Zinsner - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Mindy Kohl - Director of Investor Relations Jerald Fishman - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank Bin Jiang Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co Sameer Kalucha Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Kate Kotlarsky - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Michael, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Analog Devices First Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Kohl, you may begin your conference.
Mindy Kohl: Thanks, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. This is Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate you joining us for today's call. If you haven't yet seen our first quarter fiscal 2011 release, you can access it by visiting our website at www.analog.com and clicking on the headline on the Home page. This conference call is also being webcast live. From analog.com, select Investor Relations, and follow the instructions shown next to the microphone icon. A recording of this conference call will be available today within about two hours of this call's completion and will remain available via telephone playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived at our IR website. Participating in today's call are Jerry Fishman, President and CEO; and Dave Zinsner, Vice President of Finance and CFO. During the first part of today's call, Jerry and Dave will present our first quarter 2011 results as well as our short-term outlook. The remainder of the time will be devoted to answering questions from our analyst participants. During today's call, we may refer to non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for certain nonrecurring items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operations and business trends. We have included reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures in today's earnings release, which is posted on the IR website. In addition, we have updated the schedules on our IR website, which includes the historical, quarterly and annual summary P&L for continuing operations as well as historical, quarterly and annual information for revenue from continuing operations by end market and by product type. Next, I'd ask you to please note that the information we're about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which include risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those described in our SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking information that is provided on this call represents our outlook as of today, and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause our outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of the day of the live broadcast, which is February 15, 2011. With that, I'll turn it over to our CEO, Jerry Fishman.
Jerald Fishman: Well, good afternoon, and thanks for joining us on the first quarter conference call. The first quarter for ADI was another very good quarter across virtually every dimension. Despite fears of a possible very significant inventory correction and the continued economic uncertainty in many regions of the world, our revenue for the first quarter was at the levels that we had predicted three months ago, and the trends within each end market were mostly also right on target. Specifically, our revenues in the first quarter were $729 million, which were up 21% year-over-year and down about 5% sequentially, which was slightly above the midpoint of the guidance we provided last quarter. Our order trends during the quarter were very typical of what we experienced in the first fiscal quarter of our fiscal years. We saw some weakness in late November and December, consistent with the holiday-related shutdowns of our customers and also, of course, some inventory reductions, which was followed by a strong January. For the quarter, our book-to-bill ratio was approximately one, and our backlog increased slightly entering the second quarter. In addition, the order levels from our OEM customers increased from fourth quarter levels indicating that business conditions are stabilizing and in some cases improving. Clearly, we did not see this significant inventory correction at ADI that we all feared. We believe this was a direct result of our manufacturing strategy, which kept lead times short through the entire cycle and kept inventory levels at our distributors within historical norms. Customers were confident in our ability to deliver and as a result, there was little excess inventory in the supply chain. In addition, feedback from many of our largest customers indicates that they are optimistic about their business going forward, and their inventories appear to be in good control. Those comments in the recent order trend that we've seen provide us some comfort that we can achieve sequential revenue growth in the second fiscal quarter and hopefully, we can continue to see strength for the balance of the year. So now I'll turn the call over to Dave, who is going to provide you some more details about our financial results.
David Zinsner: Thanks, Jerry. As Jerry mentioned, first quarter revenues were $729 million, declining 5% sequentially, but increasing 21% from last year. Gross margins were slightly above guidance at 66.2% in the first quarter, compared to 67% in the prior quarter. Gross margins declined modestly as a result of lower levels of production at our internal fabs and a slightly unfavorable product mix. Operating expenses for the first quarter were $223 million, and that was an $8 million or 3.4% sequential decline from the prior quarter. In the first quarter, we benefited from our lower and more variable operating expense structure and in particular, from lower variable compensation payments versus the fourth quarter. Our operating margins held up very well despite the sequential revenue decline. Operating profits for the first quarter were $259 million or 35.6% of sales, down only slightly from our record 37.1% of sales in the prior quarter and a result of continued strength in gross margins and lower operating expenses. Other expenses was approximately $600,000, and that was compared to $2.3 million of other income in the prior quarter. The decrease was the result of having recorded a one-time gain on the sale of some unused real estate in the fourth quarter. Our tax rate for continuing operations was 16.7% this quarter versus 21.9% in the prior quarter. The decline was due to a few one-time tax benefit items, including the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit for calendar year 2010. Excluding these tax-related benefit items, our tax rate was 21.7%, and we expect that will continue for the remainder of 2011. Our weighted average share count was 309 million shares. We repurchased approximately 3.1 million shares or $114 million of ADI stock this quarter. However, the share count increased in the quarter as a result of the higher stock price and our stock option exercise activity being a little bit more robust than usual. Going forward, we anticipate that we will continue to be active buyers of ADI stock. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $0.70 compared to $0.73 in the prior quarter. Excluding one-time tax benefit items, non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.66. Diluted EPS from the gain on the sale of discontinued operations was $0.02 at the time of the sale of the cellular handset radio and baseband chipset business to MediaTek in the first fiscal quarter of 2008. We placed $10 million of the sale proceeds in escrow. These funds were released to ADI in the first quarter of 2011 and as a result, in Q1, we had a gain from discontinued operations, net of tax, of $6.5 million or $0.02 per share. Our cash generation continue to be strong as we generated 30% of our revenue or $217 million in operating cash flow, and our cash balance is now approximately $3 billion versus $2.7 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Net cash at the end of the first quarter was approximately $2.4 billion. Capital expenditures were $26 million, and that resulted in free cash flow of $191 million or 26% of revenue for the quarter. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.22 per outstanding share of common stock that will be paid on March 23, 2011, to all shareholders of record at the close of business on March 4, 2011. Our accounts receivable balance decreased sequentially by approximately 1%, and our days sales outstanding increased by two days to 48 days in the first quarter. All of our customers are current to their terms. In anticipation of a stronger second quarter, inventory on our balance sheet at the end of the first quarter increased by 2% compared to the immediately prior quarter, and our days of inventory were 105 days. Our distributor inventory also increased by 2% in anticipation of a stronger quarter for the second quarter. Lead times for our direct OEM customers remain similar to last quarter and are in good control, with 98% of our shipments to OEMs occurring within six weeks and 99% within eight weeks. All in all, the quarter was right on plan across virtually every operating metric. Now I'll turn the call back over to Jerry, who will discuss the results from each of our end markets and provide our short-term outlook.
Jerald Fishman: Well, with regard to our market segment performance in the first quarter, I'll first talk about the industrial market. For the first quarter, our revenues from the very broad and diversified industrial market, which is 46% of our total revenues, declined 3% sequentially to $337 million, which is very much in line with typical seasonal patterns we see in our first quarter. In the industrial market, where we sell literally thousands of products to tens of thousands of customers, and our technology is often a differentiator in our customers end products. We believe that ADI continues to have an excellent opportunity to be the leading supplier in each of the application areas that we serve in the industrial market. Driven by our customers needs for increased energy efficiency, industrial automation and advanced instrumentation, we're seeing demand for ADI's high-performance signal processing technology not only in the newer areas such as energy and building automation, but also with more traditional I&I application areas. We're also seeing growth opportunities in the Asian markets as customers build out factory automation infrastructure, social infrastructure and energy management systems. And we expect that this trend will continue to drive our growth in industrial revenues for ADI. Overall, we believe that the industrial market offers strong growth opportunities for ADI, and we expect it will resume sequential growth in our second fiscal quarter, a prediction that is supported by seasonal patterns as well as by leading industrial customers, who have reported to us that they believe that the underlying conditions in their markets are solid. Within the industrial category, healthcare presents an extremely strong growth opportunity for ADI. During the first quarter, healthcare revenues actually increased sequentially as a result of our significant new product portfolio and competitive strength in imaging and patient monitoring and in instrumentation applications. In addition, we believe that healthcare sales are benefiting to some degree from the pent-up demand that goes up during the credit crisis when capital spending was severely reduced. We expect continued growth in the healthcare revenues in Q2 and solid expansion through the year as our strategic customers are optimistic about their growth prospects for 2011. Overall, we expect the number of trends to continue to increase demand for ADI technology in the healthcare market. Among these are an increasing need for higher speed and channel count in medical imaging systems to improve image resolution and throughput while achieving a lower cost per channel; to drive for improved measurement performance to increase diagnostic accuracy; the expansion of telemedicine and the requirements for portability as well as the inclusion of secured communications capabilities in healthcare application; and finally, the requirements for patient safety and system reliability. Revenues from our automotive customers were approximately $95 million in Q1, an increase of approximately 1% from Q4. This was a record for our Automotive business. Q1 marks the seventh consecutive quarter in which we've grown our Automotive business, and with our annual run rate now approaching $400 million, we're now deriving 13% of our total revenues from the automotive market. Leveraging our strength, along the signal chain in centers with signal conditioning, data converters and DSPs, ADI has developed a very compelling product portfolio in the areas of safety, infotainment and powertrain applications. This portfolio, along with a much more robust automotive market, continues to drive our automotive success. We expect continued growth in automotive revenues in our second quarter and believe that we'll continue to benefit from favorable macro trends within the automotive space in the areas of active and passive safety, of fuel efficiency and convenience, all of which drive higher dollar content for ADI. As an example, our very sophisticated lithium-ion battery monitoring products for both hybrid and electric vehicles are achieving expanding market penetration. We expect that these applications will present a particularly attractive opportunity for ADI due to the very complex nature of the signal processing challenge and the anticipated unit growth of hybrid and electric vehicles. In summary, the automotive market continues to represent an attractive growth opportunity for ADI as we have the momentum from both an increasing build of material value for vehicle and also increasing market share for ADI. Communications revenues, at $163 million in the first quarter, were down 8% versus our Q4 levels and accounted for 22% of our total sales in Q1. Wireless infrastructure sales declined as expected and were reflective of the completion of the TD-SCDMA Phase 4 rollout in China. This was partially offset by good strength in North America and Europe as a result of significant bandwidth enhancements being deployed in these regions. In addition, in Q1, our sales of wired infrastructure products grew sequentially as the build out of fixed networks continue to increase in response to the data communications demand being generated by mobile networks. In the short term, we expect our communications revenues to be flat to up slightly in Q2, with continuing strength in North America and Europe, offset by ongoing weakness in China-based deployments. However, by the second half of our fiscal year, we expect the next phase of deployments in China to begin, which should reaccelerate our growth in this segment. Over the longer term, we expect that communications infrastructure will remain a key area of opportunity for ADI. Just recently, one of our major customers, Ericsson, described mobile subscriber growth as a very key driver for wireless infrastructure capital spending, estimating that the number of global broadband subscriptions will reach 1 billion this year and top 3.8 billion by 2015. In addition, the ever increasing need for higher bandwidth to support the dramatic increases in video demand pushes this need even further. Going forward, the need for higher performance radios to support multiple communication standards, higher density of channels to support increased data payloads, new form factors in hard-to-reach places, improved power efficiency, smaller footprints and lower cost per channel are all the trends that we anticipate will drive growth for ADI and help us to continue to build on our leadership position in the communications market. Consumer revenues, while exceeding our very conservative internal plan that we had for Q1, were down approximately 12% sequentially primarily due to seasonality and overall weak consumer spending. In Q1, revenues from consumer customers were $121 million and accounted for 17% of our total revenues. We are currently expecting a lift of consumer revenues in Q2 above our Q1 levels basically from applications for cameras and home entertainment products, which are entering a historically stronger seasonal period in Q2 compared to Q1. We also continue to be very well positioned in a few niche consumer applications in the portable space and in the gaming area. Overall, we're planning for our consumer revenues to grow in the second quarter. And finally, our computing revenues were down 4% sequentially, representing just 2% of our total revenues. As I'm sure you're aware, the computing market is not a space where ADI is applying R&D resource. On a regional basis, our revenues declined sequentially in all regions in Q1, in line with our original expectations. So now let me turn to the outlook for the second quarter of 2011 and make a few comments about the longer term. Based on the stabilization in orders that we saw in the first quarter and positive feedback across our customer base, we are planning for revenue growth to resume in the second quarter. Specifically, we're planning for our second quarter revenue to be in the range of $730 million to $760 million, which is approximately flat to up 4% sequentially, and up 9% to 14% on a year-over-year basis. We're also planning for our gross margins to increase slightly to approximately 66.5% of sales based on the current mix assumptions that are built into our plan, and for our operating expenses to grow a few percent sequentially, primarily as a result of annual salary increases, which took effect at the beginning of the second quarter. For the balance of the year, we're planning for our expenses to grow slower than our revenues. On an earnings per share basis, we anticipate that our diluted earnings per share from our continuing operations for the quarter will be in the range of $0.65 to $0.69. Looking out further than the second quarter, we remain very confident about the long-term prospects for ADI. We've been operating under a new organizational structure, which divides the business into market segments and technology groups now for more than a year. We believe this model has enhanced our understanding of critical applications technology and customer needs and will continue to make us more effective in developing products that will push the envelope of signal processing technology. Most recently, we also embarked on a new initiative inside ADI to improve the effectiveness of our new product development spending. We believe that through this process, we'll drive more growth out of the R&D dollars that we're currently investing within ADI. As a result of our strong product portfolio and many of these new initiatives to enhance the productivity of our investments, we believe that our objective to grow our revenues long term in the range of 8% to 12% that we communicated well over a year ago is both realistic and achievable. We've also fundamentally adjusted our cost structure to drive more profitability, and we made our model much more variable than historically, which allows our profits to be much more reactive to changes in revenues. We've already seen the benefits of this approach in our first quarter results, where operating margins were above 35% despite a 5% sequential revenue decline. The end result, we now believe, is a business that achieves very solid growth and very attractive margins and drives very significant free cash flow and ultimately, very good returns for our stockholders.
Mindy Kohl: Thank you, Jerry. During today's Q&A period, please limit yourself to one primary question and no more than one follow-on question. We'll give you another opportunity to ask additional questions if we have time remaining. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Jerry, let me just ask you, the year seems to have started very well for ADI with year-on-year revenue growth now at 20.8%. As we look through the rest of the year, within the context of your guidance of 8% to 12% as kind of the longer term target, what areas do you think will be the strongest growing for you through the rest of this year? I know if you recall, the light comm [ph] equipment and automotive. But if I to look through your business, what area do you think we should be looking at maybe as a strength and areas that may will worry a little bit in terms of the outlook?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I think overall, the industrial market continues to represent one of the best opportunities for ADI. This is no longer a stodgy 3% growth business. This is a business that grew strongly last year and the year before, and in fact, over the last three or four years. There are many, many segments within industrial that are growing very quickly. The fact that even after the very significant growth that we had in industrial products in 2010, that we actually only declined 3% in Q1, which is seasonally a very weak quarter because there's less days in distribution and so on. To us, it's a very good sign that -- it's not that that business is going to grow 35% a year or like whatever up there [ph] we grew last year. But that's a solid growth for us. And I expect that if the economies tend to hold and at the pace they are being made, I think the Industrial business will be a very strong business for us. We've talked at some length about the Automotive business. That business has been one of the higher growth businesses for us as the portfolio keeps getting richer across applications in cars that tend to be in very high demand right now. So I think that business should be strong through the year. The Communications business has really been a mixed picture with the infrastructure in China being weaker in the first half. But the feedback we get is that's going to strengthen. And certainly, the wired part of our Communications business, which is much more dependent on penetration than the end equipment sales right now, should also grow. Now probably the remaining largest I've known is what happens in the Consumer businesses. And we have strong positions, but ultimately, that will be dependent on what consumers actually do. So that's about the best information we have about the rest of the year based on what we know right now.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: Jerry, any sense of where -- I know you said the inventory correction is behind us and that you've seen some pickup in OEM orders...
Jerald Fishman: I said I believe it's behind us.
Uche Orji - UBS Investment Bank: You believe it's behind you, absolutely. In terms of what we're seeing with distributors, any comment as to where the level of inventory is now related to historical levels and in terms of order stabilization? I believe the comments you made applies to both disti [distribution] and to OEMs. I just want to clarify that.
David Zinsner: So answering your second question, Uche, yes, the stabilization of the order pattern happened in both the disti and OEM space. The disti inventory continues to look to be in pretty good shape, and their days of inventory are running kind of in the eight weeks that they normally target. Its only up a couple percent from last quarter really just gearing up for what we believe will be a stronger second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Roughly what percentage of your revenues come from product made of foundries versus internally? And can you give us some idea as to the difference in gross margin between foundry and internally sourced product?
David Zinsner: It's roughly 50-50. About 50% of our revenue was derived from products manufactured internally, 50% externally. Gross margins are a little bit higher, obviously, internally. But that has more to do with the mix of products that we produce internally. It tends to be more geared to industrial products that tends to be our highest gross margin products in the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen. [Citigroup]
Bin Jiang: This is Bin speaking for Terence. My first question, I have a quick follow-up on the healthcare, and you comment a lot of opportunity in the healthcare. Can you give us some perspective how much growth you think will happen? And how much percentage healthcare account for as a percentage of total sales?
Jerald Fishman: Sorry. There's a lot of noise on that. I couldn't hear the second half of your question?
Bin Jiang: Second half, how much is healthcare account for the total percentage of sales?
David Zinsner: Percent of revenue. It's roughly in the mid single digits as a percent of total. And what was the first part of the question?
Bin Jiang: So what growth rates do you expect for healthcare for the full year fiscal 2011?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I mean, we don't really make predictions by market segments here. It's just we don't have enough data to be accurate about it. But I think it's fair to say that when we look at the plans for that business for this year, we expect that to be a pretty good grower for us, both in an absolute sense and relative to many other products.
Bin Jiang: My second question is on CapEx. So CapEx in the first quarter was down from the fourth quarter last year. Do you expect deceleration of CapEx for the year 2011, or it could be fairly flat at $25 million or $26 million?
David Zinsner: It's going to run around this range. We roughly target CapEx to be somewhere in the 3% to 4% of revenue. I suspect every quarter, we'll run somewhere in that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Danely with JPMorgan.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Can you just talk about what the utilization rates are right now, and where those are going and what your inventory plans are?
David Zinsner: So utilization for first quarter was up 75%. That was down from about 80% in the prior quarter. We're expecting it, obviously, to pick up as we expect revenues to be up in the second quarter. I'd say it will be up a few percentage points. On the inventory side, we took inventories up to 105 days, also in anticipation of a stronger second quarter. Our goal is really to kind of keep it in the 100-day range. So we're going to try to target bringing the days of inventory back down, closer to 100 over the course of this year.
Christopher Danely - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And as my follow up, can you just talk about the various gross margin drivers going forward?
David Zinsner: Sure. I mean, I think the primary driver is going to be, obviously, utilization and revenue growth. As we grow sales, we will obviously be increasing production. Also, we have an amount of fixed expense within the cost of sales that when sales increase, that's beneficial to the gross margins. I think that's the biggest single driver for gross margins going forward. Obviously, from quarter-to-quarter, the mix will certainly impact it. But mix tends to be a fairly minor driver of gross margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Kate Kotlarsky - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is Kate Kotlarsky for Jim Covello. Wanted to dig a little bit into the automotive part of the business. Clearly, that's doing very well now, and I was hoping you can talk a little bit about what you're expecting for the business throughout the course of the year and maybe talk about it from a geographic perspective. I know that China is one area that's been doing very well. Maybe you can comment kind of as you move through the year what geographies you expect to be contributing more meaningfully to the business.
Jerald Fishman: Well, think it's really a combination of each location. We typically sell to the OEMs that build systems for companies. So if you look at the largest automotive suppliers for the large OEMs, the geography gets a little confusing because you have OEMs that are in Europe that supplies both Europe and America and other places, even China in some cases. So the geographic part isn't the most relevant part given that each of our suppliers has a worldwide business. But I would say that in aggregate, most of our OEMs that we sell to in the Automotive business are enthusiastic about the balance of the year. The volumes they are seeing are good, the desire for more electronics and more safety features, and we're selling parts that go into stability control systems, which are becoming part of legislation in many locations. So I mean, we're enthusiastic about that business. I can't quote you a growth rate and what's going to happen in any particular quarter and particularly those in the far future. But this business has become a good business for us. It's up there at $90 million or $100 million a quarter. It's been growing. We have good customers. And those programs with automotive manufacturers tend to be ones that take a long time to get. Once you get them, you keep them, unless you really screw it up. And we have a very good reputation with automotive customers, not only for the quality of our technology, but also the long-term reliability of our product, which is really important to those guys. So in automotive, we're continuing to put money into it. We're continuing to build the internal systems in the company to be a great supplier to the automotive customers. And so it's like anything else to Analog, it's not the only thing, and I can't even say it's the most important thing. But it's one of the drivers that we've been doing well at, and we think we'll continue to do well at.
Kate Kotlarsky - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: If we were to think about it from a content perspective and how your content at your customers in the Automotive segment has changed over time, where are we today in terms of your content? And do you have an expectation of where we might be a year from now?
Jerald Fishman: Well, it's hard to put a dollar number per car on this thing if that's what you're after. But our penetration in the automotive market, if you go back five, six, seven years ago, it was mostly airbag sensors. And we were a very important and high market shareholder, still are today, on airbag sensors and micromachine accelerometers. So I think our business in automotive has really expanded in a couple of different dimensions. Firstly, we're continuing to do all the safety stuff. We have a large business supply in automotive accelerometers. We also now are supplying micromachine gyroscopes for stability control applications and many other safety applications in cars. But also, as I mentioned in the opening comments, we're supplying a lot of parts into engine management. We're supplying battery management. We're supplying a lot of our DSPs that go into some of the high-end entertainment systems. So it's really a combination of sensors that just make a car run better to things that actually save energy to things that sound good to things that hopefully, save a lot of lives. There's a lot of people now on the stability control application, I believe, that stability control is more important than crash sensors because more people die when the car tips over and crashes into somebody. So that's really an emerging market for semiconductor sensors, and I think our gyroscope is a pretty good product in there. So I think it's in many, many different dimensions, but it's very hard to put a specific dollar content on it. But it's quite a bit many multiples of what it used to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital.
Sameer Kalucha: This is Sameer Kalucha calling in for Tim Luke. I just wanted to get a sense of the comm infrastructure space. I just wanted to get a feel of how is the contribution from China, North America and Europe relative to each other? And how do you see India 3G contributing to this growth going forward?
Jerald Fishman: Well, again, you have to be a little careful on where the parts are board and where the parts are shipped. I think the amount of sales we have in China is not a huge amount of our sales in infrastructure despite common belief that that's the predominant part of our business. It's not today. But I tell you that a lot of -- and even within that sector or geography, a lot of products that are built by the Chinese base station manufacturers are shipped outside of China. So the geographies are a little confusing on that. I think our business is very well balanced between China, the U.S., Europe. And I think that's why even when the TD-SCDMA application goes a little cold for a couple of quarters, our Communications business still stays very strong.
Sameer Kalucha: And maybe a little follow-up on that. In terms of LTE, how is the deployment you're seeing out there? And I wonder, how does LTE impact the Comm results for you going forward? And does it drive back better ASPs, better volumes?
Jerald Fishman: I mean, each standard, as they get better, takes higher and more signal processing content. So that business is certainly not sort of a stable business. Each generation, when it went from 2G to 3G and 3G to 4G and to any other standard that comes along, the speeds are higher, the density is higher and that requires higher performance products. So I think all those trends tend to be very favorable for us.
Sameer Kalucha: And the ASP difference between 3G and LTE for...
Jerald Fishman: It varies widely by how many radio cards actually were in every system. That's more the driver of that and the particular ASP. We get in any particular card because the configurations are so different. So I can't really give you a firm number on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Jerry, as you look at the potential for 8% to 12% growth this year, what are the key swing factors that would bring you in more towards the lower end of that range versus the higher end of that range?
Jerald Fishman: Well, it's all the things everybody fears and hopes for, on either side of that question. There's always concerns that, yes, there's still more inventory out there and what we're seeing isnt real. That's certainly not our belief now, but that can certainly be the case. And we could see a complete collapse of consumer spending. We could see interest rates going up and people starting to cut back on capital spending. I mean, there's a long list of bogeymen out there that we worry about a lot. On the other hand, that's certainly not what our customers are telling us. So it depends on whether you want to be enthusiastic or pessimistic about it, but we just look at the trends. We listen carefully to what the customers are telling us. We had very good feedback from the largest customers in each of the segments that we serve. Amazingly, in Q1, the numbers, with all the complicated things that were going on and all the conflicting signals out there, I mean, we came in right down the middle, not only on the total, but within the segment, so it was pretty close. So we don't know any more than that. We just know. We follow the trends. We look very close to large customers. And we integrate all that, come up with a number for next quarter, and that's about all we can do.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And then you had mentioned that the company's implementing a new approach to looking at and tracking new product efficacy. Can you talk about when you'd expect that new approach to start to yield some payouts that investors would be able to recognize?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I mean, the real challenge for us is ADI spends about $500 million a year in R&D. If you can get more output for every dollar of input, it's very profitable and it'd be very appealing to investors. So we've been working not so much on the creative part of that, which is always something we work on. But there's a lot of systematic parts to getting new products out. And there is, like in every company, we have some that sell and some that don't. And there's always the challenge of figuring out those in advance rather than after the fact. So I think we are looking at each of the businesses very carefully. We're looking where the productivity in the R&D is the highest. We're trying to emulate the practices in those businesses in the parts where the R&D productivity has not been good. And we're trying to make changes to reflect the best practices in the company. But certainly, early on the best way you can do that is really understand where it is, that the productivity is the highest and where it isn't and how do you fix the places that aren't and make them look like the places that are. So I don't think there's anything magical here. It's just when we look forward, one of the greatest opportunities for sales growth in Analog is getting more productivity out of the R&D we're spending. We're spending plenty of money on R&D, and we're getting good results out of it. And the payback, obviously, with the margins we're running is pretty good. But I think it could be better, and we're going to work hard to get there.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And is that one of the things that gives you confidence that you can keep expense growth growing noticeably slower than revenue growth?
Jerald Fishman: Yes, that's certainly the way we're going to get there. I mean, it's easy to quote those statistics and say, "Well, we're going to grow sales higher than expected." But we don't like to say that until we got to be to how we're going to do that. Much the same way as, when we said we're going to get the margins of the business up and everybody asked lightly, is that just the usual CEO stuff and CFO stuff. You really got some ideas how to do it? And we said we wouldn't have said it if we didnt have ideas, and we wouldn't talk about the sales growth rate if we didn't have some ideas on how to get there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: First question was just on how we should think about seasonality ahead of a pretty decent guide at least relative to expectations here. Can we still expect to get your sort of sequential growth in the following couple of quarters given the strength in this quarter? To mean, was this quarter unusual, or should we sort of expect the usual going forward?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I mean, we'll just have to wait and see. I mean, nobody has really a phenomenal visibility into what happens six months or nine months or a year from now. So everyone just has guesses. Certainly, that's what we hope would happen, and there are reasons to believe it might happen. But we're struggling to get the numbers right for next quarter first. That's our most important thing, and to plan the company around a set of numbers that we can meet. And so when you look out further than that, it's really just speculation at this point. So I think we'll have to all sit around and hold our breath and wait and see what happens this quarter, and then we'll give you a sense of what's likely to happen sort of after that.
Jonathan Smigie - Raymond James & Associates: And as my follow up, Jerry, maybe you could talk a little bit about the design win process on the Auto business? Are you finding that when you go in, you're pretty much dominating a bigger set of sockets where you maybe, for example, maybe have your gyroscope and you're pretty much always winning 100% of that business? Or is the competitive landscape such that you'll win some, but there'll be a second source and then in the next platform, you'll sort of switch with that competitor? Just go through that a little bit.
Jerald Fishman: Sure. Well, I think it's much more a design-sensitive business with long product life cycles than, let's say, some of the other applications and consumer products who spend that much faster design cycles. So we approach the Automotive business with a mentality that says, "If we can do something nobody else can do and do it better and do it at pretty good margins, then that's a good business for us." And if we're going to be in the Automotive business, we'd need two [ph] products that there's four people and then they line them up against the wall and they take the lowest price, long term, that's not going to be a great business for us. It may be a great business for the companies. So we're really trying to push the technology window and provide very innovative technology at a reasonable price to customers and not focus on applications that every six months or a year are out for bid. And we've been successful doing that. If we do a good job for the customers, I think they'll stick with us in that business. And if we don't, they'll look for alternatives.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with Gleacher & Company.
Doug Freedman - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: If I could sort of focus a little bit more on the near term and what you're seeing in terms of booking profiles, what type of visibility are customers willing to give you, and what are you feeling like your channel partners are willing to say and do as far as carrying inventory now and going forward for the balance of the year?
Jerald Fishman: Well, with our channel partners, as I think we've mentioned in the past, we tend to set their inventory levels more than they do. We listen very respectfully to what they want, and then we look at what they're going to sell through. And that's how we provide inventory towards and that's how we've done it through both the up and the down cycle. As far as large customers go, they give us a forecast. Some of our customers, we ship into a warehouse and they pull out from that warehouse. But we get those numbers very frequently, and we keep a pretty good balance on that. Generally, the conversion rates that we see from the large OEM customers that pull from hubs or central [ph] inventory points, is actually very good. So we usually have a pretty good beat on what our OEM customers' going to take for the quarter. I don't know if that helps you, but that's the best I can do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon with Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: First one, just on the OpEx. Will your variable compensation program be the only driver of any OpEx increase through the back half of the year, so in Q3 and Q4? Or do you anticipate any further investments in OpEx beyond what the variable comp program would drive?
Jerald Fishman: Well, I think as long as revenues keep growing, which we'll have to wait and see how that goes, we are making strategic hires in various parts of the business. So I don't think it will be the only driver, but it'll be one driver and the one that reacts the quickest to what happens. But we keep a very tight fist on hiring new people, but we're in some very exciting growth businesses. We got to put some more resource into some of the businesses. We tend to balance that out with other business that we put less resource in. But I think in aggregate, if business stays strong, we'll probably do some hiring as we did last quarter in some of the most important businesses we have. But on the other hand, we've got a pretty good hammer on making sure it doesn't run away with us, and it keeps under very tight control because we are still, I believe, we got more leverage out of us.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: And one question on your gross margin, specifically your incremental gross margin. So I think in maybe 10 years or so before the downturn hit at least, I think your incremental gross margin was about 65%. Meaning, about $0.65 on average of every incremental dollar revenue that you earned or lost fell to the gross margin line. At this point, given the structural improvements that you've made in your gross margin, do you have a feeling for how much higher your incremental gross margin might be now versus where it was maybe a couple of years ago?
Jerald Fishman: I'll turn it over to our erstwhile CFO.
David Zinsner: Well, it's a difficult question to answer only because half our business comes from products manufactured mostly externally. And so we don't get a lot of incremental lift for increased revenue on those parts of our business. But obviously, in the internal side, we do get a fair amount of incremental margin when production revenues increased. So it's certainly higher than the 66% or thereabouts gross margins we're running on the incremental basis to be close to 80% probably on average. Certainly, on products that are higher than that and if the mix is higher towards internal, then it would be higher than that. If the mix is more towards the external, then it would obviously be lower than that.
Jerald Fishman: Obviously, when the Industrial business grows the fastest, that's when we get our highest incremental gross margins.
Stacy Rasgon - Bernstein Research: Do you think it's not in line to think that $0.80 of every $1 that you've earned in revenue growth could potentially fall to your gross margin line?
David Zinsner: That's a rough order of magnitude, but obviously, it's mix dependent.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: I was wondering if you guys could -- if you have a sense of where you think you're getting the most design traction and winning share in terms of component categories and end markets? And then I have a follow-up.
Jerald Fishman: I would say that there's no one area in product or one area in markets that really sticks out. I think we have good design traction in all the market segments that we're investing in. We stopped putting R&D into the Computer business, so I would say we're getting a ton of design wins there. But we're putting in the R&D, our traction is very good across all the market segments and certainly, most of the product segments.
Shawn Webster - Macquarie Research: And then can you give us a sense of where your turns are versus history for your last quarter and what you're expecting for this quarter?
David Zinsner: Again, that's a number that's difficult to quantify given that half our backlog or more than half our backlog is from disti, and we don't obviously recognize revenue when we ship. But if you kind of did a back-of-the-napkin analysis, it's very similar to last quarter sort of on a rough order magnitude basis and kind of on the lower end of historical norms.
Jerald Fishman: I mean, typically, the turns business is somewhere inversely proportional to the lead times. So if you keep your lead times short, customers tend to believe they can get product quicker so there's more turns business and less inventory. If your lead times go out, just the opposite happens. So I think the only way you can ever win in this game is keep the lead time short, or else, you really don't have a clue of what's going on.
Mindy Kohl: Okay. That concludes our Q&A session. We appreciate your participation and look forward to talking with all of you again during our second quarter 2011 call scheduled for May 17. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-05-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mindy Kohl  Director Investor Relations Dave Zinsner  VP, Finance & CFO Jerry Fishman  President & CEO
Analysts: Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech Steve Smige  Raymond James & Associates Shawn Webster  Macquarie Securities Christopher Danely  JP Morgan Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank  Terence Whalen  Citigroup Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs John Pitzer  Credit Suisse  Craig Ellis  Caris & Company David Wong  Wells Fargo Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research 
Operator: Welcome everyone to the Analog Devices fiscal second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Ms. Kohl, you may begin your conference.
Mindy Kohl :  Thank you and good afternoon everyone. This is Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate you joining us for todays call. If you havent yet seen our second quarter fiscal 2010 release, you can access it by visiting our website at analog.com and clicking on the headlines on the homepage.  This conference call is also being webcast live. From analog.com select Investor Relations and follow the instructions shown next to the microphone icon. A recording of this conference call will be available today within about two hours of this calls completion and will remain available via telephone playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived on our IR website.  Participating on todays call is Jerry Fishman, President and CEO. During the first part of the call, Jerry and Dave will present our second quarter results as well as our short-term outlook. The remainder of the time will be devoted to answering questions from our analyst participants. During todays call we will refer to several non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for certain nonrecurring items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operations and business trends. We have included reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures in todays earnings release which is posted on the IR website. We have also updated the schedules on our IR website which include the historical quarterly and annual summary P&Ls for continuing operations as well as historical quarterly and annual information for [product] revenue from continuing operations by end market and product type.  Next I would ask you to please note that the information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which include risks and uncertainties. The Companys actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. Factors that can contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those described in the Companys SEC filings including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  The forward-looking information that is provided by the Company in this call represents the Companys outlook as of today and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause the Companys outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, which is May 18, 2010.  With that, lets begin with the opening remarks from our CEO, Jerry Fishman.
Jerry Fishman:  Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today on todays second quarter earnings call. As you can tell from the press release we put out earlier the second quarter was just a great quarter for ADI. Our revenues grew about 11% sequentially, 41% year-over-year to $668 million which is above our recent peak we achieved in 2008.  Our earnings per share grew at a rate more than three times the rate of revenue growth for a record $0.55 per share for the quarter. As we described to many of our investors at the beginning of last year, we set a goal to fundamentally improve ADIs operating model and obviously we have made significant progress towards achieving that goal. In the second quarter our gross margins reached record levels increasing 390 basis points sequentially to 65% and our operating margins ran up to 32% which is over 700 basis points higher than our recent peak.  Because of our strong financial performance and our very strong cash flow our board has approved a 10% increase to our quarterly dividend to now $0.22 per share. Our industrial revenues were particularly strong and increased by over 20% sequentially as industrial activity picked up worldwide. Automotive revenues also increased substantially. Consumer and communications revenues were approximately flat sequentially. Revenues increased overall in the United States, Europe and Asia and declined slightly in Japan. I will elaborate a little bit more on the end markets and some of the trends in each of the markets after Dave discusses the financial results in a bit more detail.  I think very importantly we continue to be recognized in the industry as the premier analog supplier. In January Huawei, one of Chinas top telcom companies and one of our largest customers awarded ADI their Golden Core Supplier Award to ADI for delivering superior performance, technology, quality, responsiveness and in delivery. In March one of the industrial automation leaders, Rockwell, named ADI the Electronics Supplier of the Year for 2009. It is very noteworthy that ADI was the only semiconductor company to be recognized with this award from Rockwell.  These are just two examples of the recognition we are receiving across our customer base for our innovative signal processing solutions that give our customers a very significant competitive advantage coupled with our superior customer service and responsiveness to our customers needs.  Now I am going to turn the call over to Dave Zinsner who will provide a little more detail about our financial results. 
Dave Zinsner : Thanks Jerry. As Jerry mentioned revenues in the second quarter grew 11% sequentially and 41% from the same quarter last year to $668 million. We responded to the significant increases in demand over the past few quarters while keeping our lead times short.  During the second quarter we shipped nearly 100% of our orders from direct customers within 4-8 weeks and nearly 90% of our orders from distributors within 4-8 weeks. This is similar to our lead times during the first quarter for OEM customers and only slightly longer for distributors where our ordering patterns tend to be more volatile.  In our view our ability to deliver quickly and reliably has three significant benefits. First, we believe in the current environment our lead times are winning us cross over business from competitors. Second, we believe over the long term ADI will continue to gain share since customers are confident in ADIs ability to meet its commitments to them in a volatile environment. Lastly, we believe that ADIs short and steady lead times should reduce the likelihood of double ordering that typically results from extended lead times providing us a somewhat more accurate picture of end demand.  Gross margins for the second quarter increased to 65%, up 390 basis points sequentially and also up 390 basis points from the last time our revenues were in the $660 million range which was during the fourth quarter of 2008. This margin increase is primarily the result of lower manufacturing costs derived from the manufacturing consolidations we completed last year, higher manufacturing utilization and to a lesser degree our richer mix of higher margin products used in industrial applications.  Our inventory levels remain within our stated range of 90-100 days at 97 days cost of sales, up only $4 million sequentially. Our distributor days of inventory declined slightly. At approximately 8 weeks it continues to be healthy and at historically low levels. Our deferred income on shipments to distributors is up approximately 17% sequentially reflecting much higher sales in distribution combined with significantly higher gross margins which further increased our deferred income.  Internal fab utilization rose about 10 percentage points to approximately the low 70s of production rated capacity. In line with better than expected revenue growth we have raised our capital spending plans slightly to approximately $95 million for the year. Longer term we can add substantial capacity to existing clean rooms if needed with a relatively low level of additional capital equipment.  Operating expenses were $220 million with the most significant increases in variable compensation driven by significantly higher operating margins and also higher sales commissions. Operating expense as a percentage of sales have declined from 36.3% at the end of fiscal 2008 to 33% of sales in the second quarter as we are now operating the business with 7% less non-manufacturing personnel. In addition, our strategy has been to increase the percentage of our operating expenses that are variable so we can more effectively modulate these expenses in response to future business cycles.  Operating margins increased to 32% of revenues. The last time our revenues were at current levels operating margins were less than 25% of sales. 720 basis points lower than in our recently completed quarter. This quarters substantially higher operating margins are partly due to an improving business environment but equally important our results reflect the actions we have taken over the past few years to better focus our investments and improve our execution and our cost structure.  Our tax rate was 21.9% which was up from 20.3% last quarter as we now estimate our annual tax rate to be 21.3% excluding the effect of restructuring expenses. We have also carefully managed our working capital. In addition to keeping our inventory within our stated range, day sales outstanding has remained in check at 45 days despite a tighter credit environment worldwide.  Cash flow from operations totaled $278 million or 42% of revenues and free cash flow was $261 million or 39% of revenues. Our cash balance now totals approximately $2.4 billion or $2 billion net of debt which is more than $200 million higher than the previous quarter and more than $700 million higher than the previous year.  In summary, by every financial and business metric this was a very successful quarter for ADI. I will now turn the call back over to Jerry who will discuss the results from each of the end markets. 
Jerry Fishman :  For the third consecutive quarter now we see strong sequential growth from the industrial market. For this quarter industrial revenues grew about 20% sequentially to about $316 million which is a very positive sign for recovery in this broad and diversified industry group.  The growth in the second quarter was primarily driven by growth in the industrial automation and instrumentation markets but every application area within the industrial category also showed sequential improvement. All regions had good growth in industrial products with particular strength in industrial products in Europe and in North America.  Our revenues from our automotive customers were approximately $84 million for the quarter which was up 14% quarter-over-quarter. Although certainly the growth of the automotive industry has been helped to some degree by the stimulus programs, feedback from many of our automotive customers indicating their belief that improving overall demand has also been the result of the gradual and steady improvement in consumer confidence.  Further ADI technology is most relevant to higher end cars which have not been the primary beneficiary of most government stimulus programs. Finally, we continue to see very favorable macro trends for ADI within the automotive space including safety, fuel efficiency and convenience, all of which drive higher dollar content for ADI.  Our communications revenues at about $133 million for the quarter were down very slightly from Q1. Networking applications, optical, microwave and satellite increases were offset by a decline in wireless revenues primarily as a result of delays in base station programs in China. For Q3 based on current ordering patterns and the backlog we have in place we expect growth from our Chinese base station customers. European and U.S. base station sales increased during the second quarter.  The wire line market had its fourth consecutive quarter of sequential improvement delivering good return on the very significant investments that we have made over the past few years in applications such as optical communications and also cable. This quarter revenues from wired communication applications were up approximately 20% sequentially. Revenues from the consumer market were about $120 million which was up a couple of percent from the previous quarter but up about 45% from last year.  We saw a particular strength in the digital camera and portable media markets and our customers today are indicating consumers are once again buying these types of products. In the computing sector our revenues increased 15% sequentially which still represents only a modest 2% of our total revenues.  The new orders for the quarter were again very strong in the second quarter. As a result of backlog for shipment in the third quarter increased from both OEM customers and distribution end customers and the book to bill ratio for the quarter was well above 1. Looking ahead to the third quarter given a higher backlog we are expecting continued revenue growth.  We are currently planning for our revenues to be in the range of $695-715 million for the third quarter. We expect this growth to be fairly broad based and that is based on our customer forecasts and the opening backlog we had starting this quarter. We are planning for our gross margins to be in a range of 65-66%. We are expecting operating expenses to grow as a result of higher variable comp as the operating margins continue to expand. The quarter OpEx growth is planned to be well below our anticipated revenue growth in the third quarter giving us additional leverage in the third quarter.  As a result we anticipate our operating margins will expand to the 33-34% range and earnings per share should be in a range of $0.59 to $0.61. Obviously we are very pleased with our operating performance both in terms of our growth and our profitability in the second quarter. We have fundamentally and significantly improved our operating margin structure at ADI without sacrificing sales growth opportunities which has been our goal for the past few years as we sharpened our strategic focus and we reduced costs company-wide.  We believe we still have additional leverage ahead of us as we fully recognize the benefits of lower unit costs, continue to experience good price stability in most of our products and we limit expense growth to a fraction of sales growth and continue to develop very innovative products that help our customers gain share in the markets they serve and command good margins. While the external world of course remains uncertain we are today a fundamentally better and a fundamentally stronger company than a few years ago. We believe as we continue to demonstrate world-class financial returns and above market growth our shareholders will be the beneficiary ultimately of this success. 
Mindy Kohl :  Thank you Jerry. During todays Q&A period please limit yourself to one primary question and no more than one follow-on question. We will give you another opportunity to ask additional questions if we have time remaining. Operator, we are now ready for questions from our analyst participants. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech.  
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech:  As much as I hate to ask the hypothetical question, you mentioned in your commentary the company has increased its flexibility to the spending the company does in regards to the cycle. With these stocks not really able to get moving here it is clear that people recognize business is strong but my question really is hypothetically if you were to see revenues decline by 10% what impact would that have to the earnings potential for the company? 
Dave Zinsner :  I dont think I want to go right into the measuring because it depends on mix and things like that. I can tell you what we have done is changed the balance of the OpEx between what is variable and what is fixed. So as revenues if they were to decline we have an ability to maintain a lot more of the profits to the P&L and hopefully keep the margin relatively balanced. 
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: If you could focus on one segment you think you are seeing much better than expected demand from, not really customers trying to do an inventory rebuild. Where is it that the demand is surprising you to the upside? 
Jerry Fishman :  I would say probably the place it has been the strongest are in the industrial and automotive side. At least for this part of the seasonal lift. Typically our second quarter is a strong industrial quarter but I think the industrial part of the business has recovered quicker than we would have expected. It is above where it was at the peak of the last cycle but not by that much and it is spread out amongst so many customers, in that space probably 10,000 plus customers, so I dont think there is a broad inventory accumulation cycle going on.  That business was down very substantially last year, well over 30%, and I think what has happened is when we talk to the large customers; the Rockwells in the U.S. and their counterparts in Europe and China, I think they are seeing the fact their factories are running higher than they did and their inventory levels have been very low. I think they are predicting this is not really a bubble. You never know, as you well know, about what your customers are really doing but we dont get a lot of sense from the large customers that they are stockpiling inventory here.  It would be very surprising on a customer base as broad as this both by product, customer and geography that all of these customers would be acting in unison to build inventory. I think they are recovering some of the inventory that they depressed but I think they are ordering commensurate with what they think their outlook is at least for the next six months. As we look at the third quarter we are predicting that industrial revenues will grow again.  We have looked at this from the large customers, small customers, distributors and at least the sense we get fairly broadly across the board is that business has recovered quicker than we would have thought but not to levels we would have predicted they would recover to. The automotive stuff is the part that there is obviously some of that stimulus stuff which could [have] more people buying cars but I dont think at least what we hear from our guys that run that business that a huge amount of the increases we have seen are due to that. Most of our products as I mentioned in my opening comments are in the higher end cars. That is not going to benefit too much from the stimulus stuff. But our content for each car and safety stuff and sensors, and all the products we have been working on for a couple of years is just much higher than it was a couple of years ago.  We dont have a sense of automotive companies stockpiling inventory either. First of all, I dont think they want to. Secondly, I dont think they have the cash to. Those are the two segments probably that have surprised us most on the upside. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Steve Smige  Raymond James & Associates.
Steve Smige  Raymond James & Associates: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the com business in more detail. As I look back over the past number of years it seems sort of flattish dollar wise. Maybe some classification changes there or something. You obviously said there was some 20% growth there in the wire line business but overall it still is sort of flattish. Can you talk about how that might roll out over the coming year? Do you think we can see better growth going forward out of that? 
Jerry Fishman :  This is in communications? 
Steve Smige  Raymond James & Associates: Overall communications. 
Jerry Fishman :  I think you know that business is obviously a very large customer business and when one customer does well often you see that customer flatten it out for awhile. Clearly the part we were really disappointed in this quarter was a few of our large customers in China we actually saw a decline this quarter which was anomalous to that business mainly because there was some well publicized push outs in China capital spending in the communications business. I think as we go forward we have looked at the order book pretty carefully particularly over the last month or so. Based on the orders we have on the books from our customers in China we expect we are going to have third quarter be a good growth quarter in the business in China.  Even during all of the ups and downs in the wireless market over the last couple of quarters the non-[China] business has continued to grow. So I mean we have a very solid position. We are the largest market share holder in Asia, Europe and the United States. If anything I think our share is better than it was 2-3 years ago. So I think as that business ebbs and flows with capital spending and inventory cycles with those customers I think the wireless communications part of the business is going to continue to be a good growth driver for us in the coming years.  It tends to be a little lumpy for sure but what I tend to pay attention to the most is the feedback we are getting from the customers about our position, how we are doing. The award we got from Huawei was a great substantiation of the fact we have an enormously strong position and one of the strongest players in the base station business in the world. We also have very strong positions in other very significant players; Ericsson and [inaudible]. So I think we have a very good balance and we have a very strong position which is going to continue to have that business be a good business for us a long time in the future if we keep executing. 
Steve Smige  Raymond James & Associates: You took the dividend up. Obviously feeling a lot better about cash flow. I think you had raised some debt to maybe ensure that back when things were pretty ugly. I am curious now that cash flow is obviously better and you are taking up the dividend, will you also choose to pay down the debt or do you keep that for awhile? Can you talk to that? 
Dave Zinsner :  We have a few years yet before we have to decide on the debt. At this point we have plenty of cash in the U.S. and we have plenty of cash worldwide and so we are certainly not in need of any cash. The focus of the dividend was really to represent what we think is a very strong cash flow model for the company going forward and we seek to provide some of that back to the shareholders in the form of a dividend. 
Jerry Fishman :  I think also the debt is very low cost. We swapped it to floating rates which turned out to be at least for now a good thing to do. So the net cost for that debt is extremely low. We havent decided but it is not a high priority for us right now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster  Macquarie Securities. 
Shawn Webster  Macquarie Securities:  On the gross margin in terms of Q2 do you expect your utilization rate to increase as well? In terms of the long-term operating model you highlighted at your analyst day it looks going into Q2 you will be above the high end of the range. Is there any change in your mind in terms of the longer-term operating model? How should we think about that evolving over the next year or so? 
Jerry Fishman :  I think as far as utilization, utilization will bump up slightly in the quarter. As far as long-term models lets get to where we said we were going to get to first and then we will talk about that some more. We are obviously very optimistic about our prospects going forward but I would like to see another quarter before we get into that conversation. 
Shawn Webster  Macquarie Securities: In the supply chain inventory it sounds like things are still a little bit on the lean side. Are there any end markets or areas where you are seeing inventories at a normal level? 
Jerry Fishman :  At a normal or abnormal? 
Shawn Webster  Macquarie Securities:  At a normal level just because it seems like a lot of areas are a little bit on the lean side. 
Jerry Fishman :  I really dont know that enough to be definitive in a comment on that. Most of the comments we get about inventory from our customers are anecdotal. The inventories we really understand the best are what is in distribution but beyond distribution we dont know where it is going. So it is very hard to answer that question accurately and definitively. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely  JP Morgan. 
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: A different way to ask that question, can you give us a sense of what utilization rates are and maybe what the incremental gross margin is as the utilization rates go higher? 
Dave Zinsner :  The current utilization for the second quarter was in the low 70s. I think I even mentioned that. It likely will be going into the mid 70s so not a significant increase in utilization but that is going to be a benefit to our gross margins. Really the bigger driver for gross margins I think in the next quarter is going to be additional cost reductions associated with the fab consolidations. 
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: In terms of the strength in the industrial and auto in particular what would you describe would be the major factors of the strength? Do you think there is still some inventory replenishment out there? Is it share gains? Is it increasing content? Is it a mix of all three? Is there something else in there? Maybe highlight one or two of the biggest factors you think are driving that. 
Jerry Fishman :  I think it is all of those things probably in some ratio we dont really know definitively. One of the interesting things and we talked about this a little at the analyst meeting we had a couple of months ago is there are some new segments in the industrial area that are growing pretty rapidly that we are very well penetrated in. I think I also mentioned that or the [guy] who runs our industrial business mentioned that his goal is he really believes the industrial market could provide as much or more growth than any other market segment we are in given the growth rates in some of these segments.  I think the old story that the industrial market was a [sweet deal] market and it is going to grow 2% a year, the real excitement is in cell phones and consumer products is the only place with any growth I think it is going to turn out to be fallacious.  I think there is significant opportunities in the industrial business and I think also the automotive business where just the electronics changing and just more and more signal processing content in automotive products and industrial products and there is great opportunities for growth there just like there are in every other market segment. I think when history is written, at least for ADI, we are making our investments in the industrial or the automotive business, I am not speaking broadly for all semiconductor companies but just for ADI I think it will turn out the industrial business does hold its own relative to anything else we are doing on the growth side. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank : A question on the gross margin side. You mentioned some of the lower costs from the fab closures was in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about how much that added in the April quarter and how much is left as we go forward? 
Dave Zinsner :  It was meaningful. It has been meaningful now for the last few quarters. It is a combination of the consolidation of the 6 inch line in Limerick into the 8 inch which we completed midway through last year. At the end of the year we closed down Cambridge and we are already starting to see some benefit. We saw some benefit in the second quarter. We will see more benefit in the third quarter. Those are the things that are really the big drivers of our gross margin leverage right now. 
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank :  I believe in the past you talked about the Cambridge side was about $40 million in savings. Do you have any kind of rough ballpark how much of that you have already seen and how much is left to be benefited from? 
Dave Zinsner :  Rough order of magnitude I think we have got roughly about 1/3 of it. There is probably 2/3 left. 
Ross Seymore  Deutsche Bank :  On the revenue side of the equation everybody is clearly nervous about too much inventory and things have been good for awhile to come. Can you talk about the turns you did in the April quarter and any sort of turns assumption you have whether it is increasing or decreasing in conservatism for your July quarter guidance? 
Dave Zinsner :  One thing you have to remember is when we are looking at backlog we are looking at backlog placed on us. So the distributor backlog tends to not be a great measure. So we have to kind of, we do a lot of different analysis to come up with a number that we predict for revenue. We hardly ever look at this number I would tell you. But it ran a little less than 40% in the second quarter. It is probably going to be a little bit even lower than that. We are getting a fair amount of visibility obviously from our distributors. 
Jerry Fishman :  The opening backlog is up quite a bit. I think as Dave said the backlog distributors place on here is not indicative of anything. So we dont really, I mean look at that very carefully. We look at what distributors are actually selling through and we look at what the large OEM customers are telling us and that is how we come up with the guidance. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen  Citigroup. 
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: On the device revenue performance it seems like you had very strong performances from amplifiers and RF as well as from power management and some of the other analog signal processing circuits. It seems like data converters grew a little bit less, about 5% sequentially. I was wondering what contributed to that? Was it end market mix? Do you have any observations in general about the data converter market competition? 
Dave Zinsner :  One thing you might not want to misread is just one quarters performance in data converter. Data converters has been up every quarter since the second quarter of last year sequentially. So where some of these other product areas have kind of been up and down a little bit through the year, data converters had very, very steady improvement since Q2 of last year. So I think on a peak to trough or peak to peak analysis or what have you, you will see that data converters is actually doing really well. 
Jerry Fishman :  On the question on the competition, I think there is a lot of competition out there. It is a great market and we have 40 plus percent of it and everybody wants it. There are a lot of people that have been investing a lot in the converter market and so on. I think when you look at all the statistics and you listen to the customers which are the ultimate statistic I think that is a great business and it is probably one of the best market segments in the analog space. It is one of the very few that the shares are concentrated as it is in the converter market. There is every bit of evidence our share over the last couple of years has gone up despite all of the competitive noise out there and it is certainly the highest priority we have is to keep that high or even increase it in future quarters. I think based on what I have seen we are doing in that business I think we have a good chance of doing that. 
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Regarding your commentary about distributor inventory I think the past three quarters you have said it is about 8 weeks. You said it went down actually fractionally but not enough to be a half week or so. Can you kind of help me understand that comment in light of the deferred income to distribution at 17%? I know if I normalize for gross margin that comes out to only about a 10% growth. Am I to understand that distributor revenues grew over 10% sequentially to drive distributor days down? 
Dave Zinsner :  Distributor revenues were higher than the corporate average and OEM was lower than the corporate average. You are correct. That is what drove it. 
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: In general, the level of distribution inventory, do you expect that to have to go up at some point or is this the new normal? 
Dave Zinsner :  I think they are trying to keep it within that kind of 8 week range. It slipped a little bit and that is based on just the fact they have been ramping and so there is a little bit of a lag to keep pace with that. 
Jerry Fishman :  I think we are also trying to keep it in that range. We have an interest in not putting too much inventory in the channel. When we get orders placed on us which are not things we look at very closely we have a lot of dialogue with those distributors about, what is the sell through, why do you want it, so on and so forth. I think we have a very significant stake in keeping our inventories at reasonable levels. We dont get any revenue credit for it but we would confuse everybody if we dont do that. By the way, capacity is more scarce [inaudible] so the last thing we want to do is use capacity to just put inventory on distributor shelves beyond what their sell through is. We just dont do that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs. 
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: I want to drill down even a bit further on the gross margin thing that I know has been probed on a little bit. I know Dave you talked about utilization and you made the comments of where it is and where it is going. Then you said about 1/3 of the last fab closure is baked into the numbers and 2/3 is still to come. Can you give us a sense of how much maybe on a basis point impact that 2/3 left is having on the margins? Then I think Jerry mentioned pricing is the other margin leverage in his closing comments. Do you need prices to go up to have margin leverage or are your costs coming down enough so if prices stay flat or only go down a little bit there is incremental margin leverage there as well? 
Dave Zinsner :  There is still about 100 basis points of benefit still coming from fab closures. 
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs:  Is that all coming in the next quarter or is that to be spread out over the next couple of quarters? 
Dave Zinsner :  Spread out probably over a couple of quarters. 
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: The pricing leverage? 
Jerry Fishman :  We always watch pricing. We have very high value added products and we are always in the mode of making sure we get paid for the product commensurate with the value they create. We are not anticipating wholesale price increases to maintain or improve our margins across the board. We always have opportunities on older products and so on to think about that because we are one of the very few or only company that supports semiconductor products for 20 years or more after we introduce them, which is a great value to our customers.  I think the direct answer to your question is we are not anticipating any significant price increases to either maintain or raise our margins. 
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Relative to the power management business that is something that got discussed quite a bit maybe 9-12 months ago. Obviously with the business being so robust now maybe there is not as much urgency for kind of new growth opportunities. But where is your head on that potential avenue for growth looking forward? 
Jerry Fishman :  I think it is still good. The whole challenge for ADI in the power business has been to focus on areas where we really have unique stuff. We have gone through a metamorphosis a year or two ago to better focus it towards particularly applications where we already have a very significant control of the billed materials.  I think the group out there has responded well to that and I think we have begun already to see the benefits of better focus in that business. It improved significantly last quarter. One quarter does not make a business one way or the other but I think there are a lot of indicators in there that if we focus, I mean we are not taking on the broad power business trying to compete across a $7 billion with entrenched competitors. We are looking for opportunities where we can do something unique and where we have a large control over the billed materials. I think if we do that and we stay true to that strategy I think we will do very well in that business. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Pitzer  Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse : I guess I am going to go back to a comment I think Jerry made in the opening comments about your short lead times allowing you to gain some market share. I was hoping you could quantify that a little bit. Is that the main driver why some of the other businesses outside of converters grew more quickly sequentially? Are those share gains you think sustainable? 
Jerry Fishman :  I would say quarter-to-quarter it is very hard to make that judgment. I think the [crossover] business is not significant relative to our total sales but it is significant I think relative to our reputation. So I think the more important victory here, if there is one, is customers come to us and we can supply the stuff. Certainly the conversations we have had with our sales force is we wouldnt expect to be losing that business when other competitors start to deliver again. There is no reason for that. I think a lot of that business is going to stick and I think it is going to increase in future quarters.  It is not meaningful relative to $650-700 million of sales but it is very relevant to the perception of Analog as a supplier. I think that is the more important take away from this. 
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse : Going back to the deferred shipment line, understanding you need to adjust that sequential growth number for gross margins but even when I do that you are still kind of back to peak revenue levels but deferred shipments are above that level. Just help me understand why I shouldnt be worried that is some sort of yellow flag that there might be some inventory building. Is there a change in the business where you are just going to be running with higher deferred shipments going forward? How would you expect that to trend over the next few quarters? 
Dave Zinsner :  One thing you have to remember is that the cost of the inventory being held at distribution is not necessarily the same. In other words, the gross margins arent exactly the same change for the total company as they are for that. So, the gross margin has actually improved a bit more at the disti level than they did for the total company over the peak to peak period of time. So that is driving a lot of it. I think you will find, and I am pretty sure when I did the analysis that the days of inventory are actually lower than they were by a good 10 days or so from the Q4 2008 period. We have pretty good accurate assessments of that. 
John Pitzer  Credit Suisse : So it is all being driven just by better profitability on your part? 
Dave Zinsner :  That, plus I think that disti is now back to levels where they are shipping at a fairly decent rate. 
Jerry Fishman :  It turns out companies like Analog the distribution margins are usually higher because the volumes we ship out are much lower and the customer base is much more fragmented. That is the more profitable part of our business. It is also the part that services the industrial market mostly. All those things add up to the fact that business tends to be higher margins than anything else we do. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis  Caris & Company. 
Craig Ellis  Caris & Company: Cycling back to gross margin, nice tailwinds in utilization and in factory shutdown and consolidation activity. Are there any headwinds at play? For example, last year consumer grew at well above average rate in the second half of the year. Anything like that going on? 
Dave Zinsner :  Our anticipation is that mix will impact the third quarter by a little bit but mix in either direction quarter-to-quarter tends to be well below a point and we have enough things going the other direction in terms of utilization and cost reductions that we are able to offset those and more. We are not very concerned about gross margins and our ability to get leverage. 
Craig Ellis  Caris & Company: A utilization related question, I think we would typically expect analog companies to run at utilization levels in the low to mid 80s and the company is moving back towards the mid 70s but how do you look at utilization here? Do you view it as something that can move up and be run in the mid 80s percent range or is there a reason we should expect ADIs utilization level to really hover in the mid 70s range? 
Jerry Fishman :  I think it has the opportunity to move up a little bit. As Dave said we have increased capital spending slightly to make sure we are right about this. I think the important take away on that is for relatively small amounts of incremental capital we can add capacity both cheaply and quickly. So the capacity additions we are putting on are really incremental in nature. Our goal is to keep our lead times low and that is what we are going to do in the absence of something cataclysmic happening on the top line on the upside, that is where we are going to be. 
Craig Ellis  Caris & Company: Is the incremental spending on the capital side, the uptick in guidance for the year on the front end or the back end or both? 
Jerry Fishman :  It is both. We are incrementally making more investments to get more internal wafers out. We are also making investments in back end equipment to make sure we get the [wafers] out we can test them and go on. So it is really across the board. Again, for a company that is running $2.7 or $2.8 billion still our capital plan is below $100 million this year. I think we have become a lot less capital intensive and we can make given the footprint we have in our fabs we can make incremental investments and get a lot more unit growth out of there. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Wong  Wells Fargo. 
David Wong  Wells Fargo: I know you dont want to give explicit guidance beyond the June quarter but can you help us understand the seasonality in the September quarter? If we look back several years in some years September is a decline sequentially and in other years it grows. Specifically can you give us a feel for what proportion of your revenues today come from end markets that seasonally decline in the September quarter? 
Jerry Fishman :  I think your comment earlier is probably one of [inaudible]. It is very challenging to figure out precise seasonality when the markets are so volatile. I dont think we have any better read on seasonally what happens in Q4 compared to the rest of the year. So we just dont know enough. Some years, as you say, go up and in some years they go down. Six months out we just dont have a good sense of what is going to drive that. The only thing we typically know is that our second quarter is usually our seasonally strongest quarter because it is more days in distribution than our first quarter which has holidays.  But beyond that it bounces around year to year based on mix, based on seasonality, based on inventory levels, based on so many things it is just very, very hard to predict and I think that is why we dont predict it. 
David Wong  Wells Fargo: To try another question with the elephant in the room, any signs of any weakening in demand from European end markets at this point? 
Jerry Fishman :  No. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research. 
Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research: On OpEx, now that you are at basically back or exceeding previous peak revenue levels would it be fair to say at this point that all of the temporary OpEx cuts you were discussing before have now returned and all of the permanent cuts at this point have actually been completed? Are you basically at the right OpEx model you have been targeting? Are there any more I guess further, is there any more further fat I guess to take out? 
Jerry Fishman :  We are at the model we put out at about 33% of sales. As I think Dave or I mentioned in the coming quarters we are planning to grow OpEx a lot less than our record assuming the revenues come through that we expect. So I think we will get some more OpEx leverage in future quarters. I think the thing that is noteworthy on the OpEx line is we have long had a plan at Analog that incented all of our employees to get our operating margins up quite a bit. What you have seen is the rise in OpEx over the last couple of quarters is primarily the result of that success.  It is not a trivial exercise to put on 700 points of operating leverage from last time we were at these kinds of levels. I think the pressure continues to keep moving the margins up at the company. The payback for employees doing that has been quite high. Of course the margin has been on a very steep incline. Even though we expect the margins to improve in future quarters we dont expect or at least we are not anticipating to add another 700 basis points on the margins in the short-term.  I think certainly the rate of acceleration of that is going to go down quite a bit. We are going to try and control the OpEx to a fraction of revenue growth rate. So the answer to your question is we still think we have more OpEx leverage coming up in the future. 
Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research: A quick follow-up on the RF business. I know the amplifier and RF business looks like it was up quite considerably, about 16% quarter-over-quarter. My understanding was a fair amount of the RF piece of this was actually the communication infrastructure. It looks like it was down a little bit. I know this was a big, key strategic focus of yours that you talked about on the analyst day. Could you just give us a little bit of color on what you are seeing in the RF business in particular I guess in light of where it was in this quarter and also maybe outlook for the year? 
Jerry Fishman :  I think it is a great business for us. In the case of the analyst meeting we heard more in detail of the applications. It turns out it is a fair amount of RF in the wire line side of the business as well as the wireless side of the business and in other segments as well. I think we have a very broad product base in RF. We have great technology. The feedback we are getting from the customers in terms of growth and roadmaps to the future is very strong. I think that is going to be a very important business for us and we are doing extremely well at it right now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech. 
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: If you look at the R&D tax credit getting extended what impact would that have on the tax rate going forward? 
Dave Zinsner :  You mean if it was approved? 
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: Yes. 
Dave Zinsner :  It is a percentage or two. 
Mindy Kohl :  That concludes our Q&A session. Thank you all for your participation. We look forward to talking with you again during our third quarter 2010 conference call which is scheduled for August 17, 2010 beginning at 5 p.m. ET. Thanks very much. 
Operator:  This concludes todays Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-02-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dave Zinsner  VP, Finance & CFO Jerry Fishman  President & CEO
Analysts: Romit Shah  Barclays Capital Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research Terence Whalen  Citigroup Uche Orji  UBS Warburg Christopher Danely  JP Morgan Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird Craig Ellis  Caris & Company David Wong  Wells Fargo Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Christine and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Analog Devices fiscal first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period with our analyst participant. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Mr. Zinsner, you may begin your conference.
Dave Zinsner: Thanks, Christine, and good afternoon everyone. This is Dave Zinsner, Vice President of Finance and CFO. Mindy is out sick, so I am going to handle the intro this time. We appreciate you joining us for todays call. If you havent yet seen our first quarter fiscal 2010 release, you can access it by visiting our website at analog.com and clicking on the headlines on the homepage. This conference call is also being webcast live. From analog.com select Investor Relations and follow the instructions shown next to the microphone icon. A recording of this conference call will be available today within about two hours of this calls completion and will remain available via telephone playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived on our IR website. Participating on todays call is Jerry Fishman, President and CEO. During the first part of the call, Jerry and I will present our first quarter results as well as our short-term outlook, and then well open it up for questions during the latter part of the call. During todays call we will refer to several non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for onetime items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operations and business trends. We have included reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures in todays earnings release, which is posted on the IR website. Weve also updated the schedules on our IR website, which include the historical quarterly and annual summary P&Ls for continuing operations, as well as historical quarterly and annual information for revenue from continuing operations by end market and product type. Those interested in learning more about ADI are invited to listen to a live website of our analyst day taking place on Thursday, March 11th, 2010, at 7:30 AM Eastern. A link to this webcast will be available on our IR website. Id ask you to please note that the information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which include risks and uncertainties. The Companys actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. Factors that can contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those described in the Companys SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking information that is provided by the Company in this call represents the Companys outlook as of today, and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause the Companys outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time-sensitive information that may be accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, which is February 17th, 2009 With that, lets begin with the opening remarks from our CEO, Jerry Fishman.
Jerry Fishman: Well, good afternoon, thanks again for joining us on this afternoons call. As you can see from the earnings release that we put out earlier, the first quarter was another very strong quarter for ADI and the beginning of what we hope will be a strong year for ADI. The recovery which began in our third fiscal quarter last year and picked up momentum in our fourth quarter has carried over into our first fiscal quarter of 2010. Our revenues grew 5.5% sequentially, during the quarter thats typically a seasonally slow period at ADI, after growing 16% sequentially the prior quarter. We are very encouraged that our industrial revenues grew significantly this quarter. This business spans many different applications in factory automation, process control, instrumentation, automatic test equipment, energy management, military and aerospace, and also healthcare, and is comprised of literally tens of thousands of customers around the world. Revenues from communications infrastructure and automotive also grew during the quarter. Its important to note that we are now breaking out automotive from the industrial category where we typically reported automotive beginning for the first time this quarter, given the fact that automotive has now become a more important strategic focus for ADI and is not getting to be a meaningful size relative to the rest of our business. Importantly, our lead times have remained short and we continue to deliver over 99% of our shipments to our OEM customers within six weeks or less. This is consistent with our performance in the previous quarter and represents what is typical lead times for ADI. Maintaining short lead times reduces the chances of excess ordering by customers. In addition, distribution inventory has remained stable at approximately eight weeks, which is also consistent with the prior quarter. This of course is positive in the short term as that allows to meet our customers requirements on a short-term basis, but I think equally important is the lasting impact that we believe it will have as am I sure ADI remains a trusted and reliable partner to our customers for the longer term. During Q1 we continued progress for making ADI a structurally more profitable company. Our gross margins improved by approximately 480 basis points sequentially and operating margins excluding restructuring costs are now 270 basis points higher than our most recent peak when quarterly revenue was approximately $60 million higher. We expect to continue to continue to expand the operating margins in coming quarters through gross margin expansion and continuing very tight control of operating expenses. We believe that we can retain approximately 50% of our expense reductions as permanent cost reductions, which is in line with our earlier estimates. As we entered this downturn, we set in place a strategy to be more focused on products and our markets that value innovation, and also to become a more profitable company. In some cases we increased investments, in others we slowed or ceased investments in areas where innovation was no longer the primary driver. As a result we believe we are very well positioned for solid growth and exceptional profitability going forward as the economies around the world continue to improve. So now I will turn the call over to Dave, who will provide more detail on our financials.
Dave Zinsner: Thanks, Jerry. Revenue was $603 million, a 5.5% increase from the prior quarter and a 26.5% increase from the first quarter of 2009. Our order strength continued last quarter and we finished the quarter with a higher backlog and a book-to-bill ratio above one. Gross margins were 61.1%, a 480 basis point increase from the prior quarter and a 470 basis point from the first quarter of last year. Although there are many different factors that impact our gross margin, the increase was primarily due to lower infrastructure costs, higher utilization, and a more favorable mix of revenue. Factory utilization was in the low 60s in the first quarter as we ramped production to match increasing order rates. Should business levels justify it, we can add significant amounts of internal manufacturing capacity quickly and with relatively little additional capital spend. Our goal continues to be to keep our lead times short and reliable. Operating expenses in the first quarter were $219 million including a $16.5 million restructuring charge or $203 million excluding the charge. This charge along with higher variable compensation expense resulted in higher operating expenses. The restructuring charge included approximately $5 million related to the final closure of our Cambridge, Massachusetts facility and represents the cost associated with decommissioning of that facility. The other $11.5 million reflects actions taken during the first quarter to continue to sharpen our focus in product development and reduce infrastructure expenses. When fully implemented, we expect these actions will result in savings of approximately $4.5 million per quarter. The remaining increase in operating expenses was due to higher variable compensation expense, in line with significantly higher operating margins in the first quarter. Variable compensation is primarily based on operating margins, which we believe tightly aligns the interest of our shareholder and our employees, given the historical relationship between operating margins and share price. Excluding variable compensation and restructuring, operating expenses were flat with the fourth quarter of 2009. Operating margins, excluding restructuring charges were 27.5%, a 500 basis point improvement from the prior quarter. Excluding restructuring charges, our tax rate was approximately 20.3% more typical for ADI than the unusually low tax rate booked in the previous quarter. We expect the tax rate for the remainder of the year to continue at approximately this level. For the first quarter, excluding restructuring charges, we earned $0.43 per diluted share, which was an increase of 19% from the prior quarter on a 5.5% increase in revenue despite a change in the tax rate quarter to quarter. Weighted average shares outstanding increased by 4% to 305 million shares. This is the result of the exercise of stock options that were due to expire in the first quarter and a higher average stock price for the quarter as compared to last quarter. Now turning to the balance sheet, for the quarter we generated approximately $200 million in free cash flow or 33% of sales and finished the quarter with approximately $2.2 billion in cash and marketable securities with $380 million of debt. In line with the higher revenue, accounts receivable increased slightly in dollar terms this quarter. However, our days sales outstanding declined by one day to 47 days. Inventory declined $10 million to $243 million and the days of inventory remained low at 95 days. As I mentioned before, we believe that in inventory levels between 90 to 100 days is an optimal level given our mix of internal and external manufacturing. This keeps our carrying cost of inventory low, but allows us to meet the short lead time requirements of our customers. Inventory distribution increased slightly this quarter in line wit the increased sales in that channel. However, on a turns basis inventory remained flat with the prior quarter. In summary, from a financial perspective, this was another excellent quarter for the Company. Now, I will turn the call back over to Jerry.
Jerry Fishman: Well, thanks Dave. With regard to what happened in the end markets for the first quarter, our industrial business, which is now approximately 43% of sales grew 16% sequentially. You should recall as I explained earlier that industrial category no longer includes the automotive sales. We saw a broad based growth across many applications, including instrumentation and process control, test equipment, healthcare, defense and aerospace. Our revenues from our automotive customers, which now represent in the first quarter 12% of sales, grew an additional 5% sequentially after a few previous quarters of very substantial growth. While certainly some of the strength that weve experienced over the last few quarters is likely inventory replenishment, we are also the beneficiary of increasing electronic content per vehicle and also a very strong automotive product portfolio. The increased content in automobiles for ADI is driven by applications in infotainment and safety and in Powertrain electronics. In the area of safety, for example, the widespread deployment of stability control systems is driving growth for our MEMS gyroscope products. It also appears that consumers are gaining interest in advanced driver assistance features such as lane departure warning and reverse camera console views, many of which use our DSP or data converter and also our RF products. Our communications business, which is primarily products for infrastructure and to a lesser degree handsets, is now approximately 22% of our revenues. Revenues from communications customers increased 12% sequentially. The growth of this market is being primarily driven by the ramp and deployment of 3G base stations worldwide. While last year growth was dominated by heavy capital spending in China earlier in the year, in Q1 this year the growth was much more diversified. In the developed countries, the need for higher data transmission capacity is the main driver, while in developing countries the need to increase coverage is driving demand. We also saw an increase in revenues from the wireline communications market. Although today this is still a smaller piece of the communications business, its had very steady growth now for many quarters at ADI. Revenue from consumer related products declined 18% sequentially, which is generally in line with the typical pattern that we see in the consumer business for Analog given our  the months in our first quarter. Our main focus areas in consumer continue to be in home entertainment products and digital cameras and also many portable products. On a regional basis, revenues grew in all our regions except Japan in line with the consumer business decline and of course Japan in that sense was down sequentially. So, I would like now to make some closing comments on the outlook and look at it really in the short term and also take a slightly longer term perspective or in at least our view whats happening around the world. In our Q2, which weve just now begun, we expect industrial sales to be both cyclically and seasonally strong. We expect further strength in the communications infrastructure as a result of additional base station deployments, including what we hope will be a resurgence in our growth in China. We expect consumer sales to be approximately flat sequentially. In total, we are expecting our revenues as we mentioned in our press release to increase to $635 million to $650 million, which would represent a 35% year-over-year increase in our sales at the midpoint of this estimate. We are planning the gross margins to increase sequentially to 62% to 63% and that would produce operating margins in the range of 29% to 31% in the quarter, and earnings in the range of $0.48 to $0.51. For reference, in the fourth quarter of 08, before the recession began, revenues were at a similar level to our Q2 forecast, but our operating margins were approximately five percentage points lower. So overall we believe we are executing well on our plan to deliver good sales growth, and attractive and increasing margins. I think there is very little doubt that there continues to be a stability in most economies around the world as in many locations around the world unemployment levels remain high and credit is still tight. Nevertheless, our business has broadly strengthened over the past few quarters and order rates and backlog levels are now approaching pre-recession levels. While the amplitude and the timing of the order recovery suggests that some of the order strength is likely due to a more confident supply chain as the economy recovers, we believe based on feedback from many of our customers in many, many different industries and many countries around the world that companies are generally more confident about the future and have begun to shift from a fear of over investing to a fear of under investing and losing global competitive position. As a result, many of our customers have begun to ramp new product program at a pretty significant rate and certainly that will benefit ADI in coming quarters. Despite these changing attitudes, which are generally more positive than three months ago, the bar for new investments at many of our customers is still stacked pretty high. Our customers are looking for partners who can consistently innovate to make their products more appealing and more competitive and also those wholl have a flexible supply chain to respond to changing business conditions. From productivity improvements at factories around the world to medicines to entertainment, to transportation and many other applications, our customers want products that allow their products to always be connected, to be easily used and to conserve energy. These strengths play very well to ADIs business strategy, which continues to be as it has for many years to focus on being the very best signal processing company in the world. In March, during our analyst day, investors will learn a little bit more about the trends we see and how they are driving many, many new opportunities for ADI. So, I hope you will all be able to join us for the webcast of that event. So, thats all the formal comments we are going to make today. Well now open the line up for questions from analysts.
Dave Zinsner: Thank you, Jerry. During todays question-and-answer period, please limit yourself to one primary question and no more than one follow-on question. Well give you another opportunity to ask additional questions if we have time remaining. Operator, we are now ready for questions from our analysts.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Barclays Capital.
Romit Shah  Barclays Capital: Thanks guys and great quarter. Jerry, you had three quarters now of pretty substantial growth yet your revenue is still below the prior peak. At what point do you think youll catch up with demand or see the business return to more normal or seasonal growth rate?
Jerry Fishman: Thats sort of hard to predict into the future. You know, our sense right now particularly in the way that we are managing the distribution channel is that consumption and the demand we are seeing is not terribly unaligned [ph]. I think over the last couple of quarters weve caught up with what has been under consumption. Well, there is probably another quarter where thats going to be a little bit above the top, but I think ultimately once we get back to sort of where we were, which we expect to be approximately next quarter plus or minus a little bit, I think it will be in a reasonably good balance between what demand  underlying consumption and the demand we are seeing.
Romit Shah  Barclays Capital: Are there any segments within your business where you feel there is still pretty big supply-demand imbalance?
Jerry Fishman: I think for ADI, I dont see. There certainly was a supply and demand imbalance last year, but I think customers inventories, at least what they tell us are reasonably low. The distribution inventory that Dave was saying are relatively flat in terms of turns and weeks of inventory. Our lead times are short so they dont have a lot of inspiration to be loading up inventories. So at least for ADI, I dont see that patterns are very unique here.
Romit Shah  Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Great, good afternoon guys. Thanks so much for taking the question and congratulations on the great results. This cycle so far you guys have clearly demonstrated better operating margin leverage than in past cycles. What can you do over the next few quarters as business continues to improve to make sure you keep that margin discipline and not let some of the expense creep come back in like it might have in other cycles? Thanks
Jerry Fishman: Well, I think as far as the expense creep we sort of early in the cycle said that some of the expenses that we reduced were going to come back with sales and those are mostly related to variable compensation and commissions. Others were permanent. And I think our sense is that about half of those things, which is consistent with the way weve been thinking about it are permanent and half of them are going to come back as the sales go up. So that basically allows us to operate the Company at about $100 million a year of less expenses than we had when we went into this cycle, which is not insignificant for our size. As far as keeping our hands on the (inaudible) doing the right things, we do have a lot more focus on products and markets that are higher margin and more substantial than weve had in the past. I dont think we are going to revert back to having less focus. So I think that focus is going to continue. I think the entire management group and the employee base is pretty committed to keeping discipline on the expense line and I think with the goal that we set of keeping (inaudible) gains on the operating costs, I think we have a good shot of doing that. I believe the gross margins in the Company is structurally higher. Part of that is of course due to volume and utilization, but another part of it is just due to a much richer product mix and us exiting businesses that had very poor returns over many years over the last two or three years. So, its always challenging quarter-to-quarter to predict whether the gross margins are going to be up a point or down a point, but I think we are up here at levels, which are about where  the best weve ever been. We have a forecast for next quarter, which will exceed that by quite a bit, and I dont think there is anything in there other than the world falling apart thus having to bank down utilization and things like that, which are always its possible although not probable in the short term. Other than that, I think we have a good chance of not only keeping these margins, but as were forecasting for Q2 the margins are likely to expand again in Q2.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Terrific. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Stacy Rasgon with Bernstein Research.
Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Quick question again on the OpEx, so I know you said you are going to keep half of the gains. Do I define the gains at this point as versus Q408, so ex-restructuring youd be down $37 million quarterly? And does that mean that basically youd be creeping about call it $19 million or $20 million a year of those cuts going forward?
Dave Zinsner: No, I think the way you got to look at it is we were at $240 million in Q4 of 08
Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research: Yes.
Dave Zinsner: What we are thinking is that we brought the OpEx down to about $187 million, so we roughly took it down by a little over $50 million and what we are saying is that well be able to keep half of that difference as we resume back to the revenue levels of Q4 of 08. So, basically we feel like we permanently took out from the $240 million run rate  burn rate we were in Q4 of 08, we permanently took out somewhere in the $25 million plus of OpEx expense or an annualized basis a little over $100 million.
Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research: Got it. So, some of thats already started to come back. So this quarter you are if ex-restructuring your OpEx was up, I think it was about 4% or so versus last quarter which is almost about where your revenue was up at this point, revenue was up 5.5%, how do we think about OpEx trending through the year again as revenue goes up because I know more variable compensation is going to kick in as the operating margin continues to increase potentially.
Jerry Fishman: Well, I think one way to think of that is, at least I will give you my view, Dave will give you his, is that weve been on a very steep part of the margin improvement curve. We raised the margins five points in one quarter. That tends to, given that most of the bonus payments are tailored to that statistic, it tends to drive it through the yard [ph], I think we have more margin upside as we are predicting for the next quarter, but we are not going to keep getting 500 basis points of margin improvement every quarter, so I think the rates of increase on the variable side is going to start trending downward. Its still going to go up in dollars, but the rate is going to go down from where it is. The thing that we are focusing on more than anything else is everything acceptance and if we can do what we are trying to do, which is to keep that part relatively flat through the year, I think the operating margins will keep going up and everyone will be very pleased with the operating margins that we are running in the Company.
Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research: Got it, thanks. And for my followup, I mean I notice now you are providing the end market breakdown with like a pure industrial, if I compare where you are this quarter to where you were two years ago, so Q108, I notice that for all these particularly in the broader industrial, you are almost back to those levels. I think you are only down about 4% Q1 2010 versus Q1 of 2008. I am not so sure that the industrial markets themselves are only down 4% from that point to this point, so whats actually driving  I mean is it share gains or is it  I mean we talked about customers moving back to replenishment mode and so forth but I mean whats  what do you think is actually driving what seems to be probably a greater increase for your industrial sales and even some of your other product categories versus where the market probably is these days?
Jerry Fishman: Well, I think I mean its always hard to look at one quarter two years ago versus a quarter now to try to garner any specific, but I think generically, some of the segments within the industrial area for us, which has always been a source of significant investment are just growing faster than the average of the industrial market. If you take areas like the healthcare products, historically in these numbers here the automotive stuff (inaudible) has been growing very well for us. And a few of the other segments where you just have very rich new product cycles going on in that market. So, Id say that, that business for us is doing a lot better than many outsiders, investors thought and certainly even better than we thought it was going to be a couple of years ago. And part of that is just that we are investing a lot of money in segments within industrial that are pretty high growth relative to most other segments. So I think we have a pretty good outlook for that business over the next couple of years.
Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research: Got it guys, appreciate it.
Jerry Fishman: Its certainly not the stodgy old growth business that some people want to call us.
Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research: Got it, got it, thank you guys.
Jerry Fishman: And it makes pretty good margins too.
Stacy Rasgon  Bernstein Research: Yes, indeed.
Operator: Our next question is from Terence Whalen with Citigroup.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Hi, thanks for taking my question. The first part relates to  I think last quarter you had talked a little bit about some restructuring and reorganization that you had done internally with regard to the sales force and how your sales force is interfacing with customer accounts
Jerry Fishman: Yes.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: And in addition talked a little bit about how that improved some of the granularity of your rolling up of the individual business units financials. I was wondering if you could go into a little bit of details what youve learned over the past quarter after implementing that reorganization and also what metric now that you are looking out on an individual business unit level, what you are learning from looking at this new metric? Thank you.
Jerry Fishman: Well, its a very important question. Well, let me try to give you a broad answer to it. Now I think from the way  the experience that we had over the last couple of months, weve learnt something that we  it doesnt sound like rocket science. We probably knew all along, but its really become true is that customers really value when we approach them from a single point with the breadth of our technology. And thats the way they prefer to deal with us. They dont like dealing with many, many different product lines that are basically trying to sell various products to them as compared to really trying to understand how to make them more competitive and therefore what solutions can we bring them to do that in a very cohesive fashion.  So, I think what it really has done is it makes the customers believe that we are a much more strategic partner to them in their particular business. It allows to focus the resources towards customers in a way that we havent been able to do before. And it really focuses the sales force on where it is that they ought to be spending their time and attention as compared to trying to react to the request for 47 different product lines for more sales in the quarter. So, you know, those are things that when you listen to me say, well thats sort of elementary. But for a company thats grown up as a product oriented company, it really  this new organization has really helped focus what we are doing a lot more than it used to.  Now, is that changing our sales in the quarter right now, I dont think so, but I think what we are trying is the sales force is better focused on the right accounts. If they go into the customers with a much more cohesive plan, a much more cohesive roadmap, a much more ingrained understanding of what the customers are trying to accomplish, I think thats going to help us greatly. And weve gotten that kind of feedback from some of our very largest customers that in applications where they just found us too complicated to deal with they really appreciate the fact that we are  we understand their application, we got to make them competitive and we are approaching that from a single point. From the internal metrics standpoint, it gives us a much clearer sense of where we are making money and what the investment levels are relative to the returns I the marketplace, and now when you are product oriented company its somehow hard to understand that by market segment. Now, we have a tremendous amount of data that really shows which of the segments growing faster, which of the segments are taking more investment, what are some of the returns that we are getting on the R&D in each of the segments, and as a result of that not in the quarter-to-quarter numbers, but certainly a we put together the yearly plans, we take that into account in what we do about allocating resources to various marketplace.  So, I think in aggregate its  it really helped us deal with customers and it helps us to grow [ph] at a more productively allocate resources in the Company, which in companies like ADI its very hard oftentimes because of the complexity with 10,000 products (inaudible) customers. I mean thats really going to sharpen our focus and weve already seeing the benefits of that.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Thanks for answering comprehensively the broad question. As my followup Id like to be a little bit more specific with regard to gross margin, weve got utilization in the low 60s and we are looking at a 62% to 63% gross margin. Specifically is the longer term gross margin model then going to be closer to 64% to 65%? Thanks
Jerry Fishman: Are you asking that or are you saying that as a conclusion?
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: That was a question, thanks.
Jerry Fishman: Well, when we get to 63% maybe well talk about higher numbers, but we are certainly a lot more enthusiastic about gross margins we can generate this fiscal than we were when we were really struggling. And I think investors were struggling to really think could we ever get to 60%. And I think now we are comfortably past 60% we certainly be very comfortably past 60% next quarter and I dont think thats a one-time event either given that we are still not breaking the growth that will allow utilization. So, well see how that goes after another quarter and well update you next quarter.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Thanks and a nice job.
Operator: Our next question is from Uche Orji with UBS Warburg.
Uche Orji  UBS Warburg: Can you hear me?
Jerry Fishman: Yes.
Dave Zinsner: Yes.
Uche Orji  UBS Warburg: Alright, thank you very much. I wanted to just follow on same one thing, Jerry, what was your peak utilization rate and I know thats also that things are going to gross margins, but I just wanted to try to get a handle if we were to get back to peak utilization rate just what could be the optimized [ph] gross margin.
Jerry Fishman: Well, the utilization rate relative to the past years, somewhat complexity right now since we had two more fabs. Last time we were at this thing. One of the reasons the utilization went up this quarter, there are really two reasons, one is we started more wafers, but the other part is weve taken a lot of capacity offline. We took the Cambridge fab offline and we took the eight inch fab in Ireland  the six inch fab in Ireland offline. So, those comparisons relative to the past are a little bit more challenging to make. Now I would say that if utilization goes up our gross margins will go up. Thats intuitive. Its very hard to quantify that any more definitively than that. At below 60s, we can easily run fabs up until the mid 80s. I think that will have a positive impact on the margins. As Dave mentioned earlier, we can increase our capacity relatively quickly with relatively low capital expenditures. So I think relative to capacity and the margin implications of that I think we are in reasonably good shape.
Uche Orji  UBS Warburg: Great. Can I just ask you about power management, I mean weve started to see some numbers (inaudible) close to $40 million of revenue for the quality advantage? Can you talk about you expectations for this business now? What will be the drivers, whats allowing you to gain traction now and what should we be expecting from this going forward?
Jerry Fishman: Well, our power management business grew this quarter pretty well. It grew fairly substantially year-over-year. And I think there is a couple of reasons for that. One is the fact that the team has been working at it for a couple of years and its congealed, and weve got a pretty good group of people that are developing some products that our customers say are pretty good. I think another part of it is weve focused our product development into areas that we really think we can offer something very unique and the customers value as compared to trying to do things that a lot of other companies can do and you are just in a margin war with them to get those sockets. And I think the more that we align our power management business with our vertical market segments, we are  we can go into customers where we already have a substantial part of the signal processing bill of materials and we can say you know by the way we can either integrate power management on the signal processing chain or we can offer power management alongside of the signal processing chain and the customers already respect us for our prowess in developing products and they like working with us and that becomes an important ingredient in the overall solution and the more that we focus our product development efforts in those areas as we have for the past year or so I think the more traction we are going to get in that business. So, I think like everything its a combination of things, but overall we are doing better in that business than we have in the past and I think there is good expectations that if we continue to really focus that business in the areas I just addressed we can do even better in the future.
Uche Orji  UBS Warburg: Right, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Danely with JP Morgan.
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: Hey, thanks guys, and, yes, Ill add my congrats on hitting new peak gross margin. On  it seems like the mix and the focus is changing a little bit via the end markets and products. So, can you just give us your sense on where you would expect the highest and lowest relative growth rates for your end markets for the rest of this calendar year?
Jerry Fishman: Its hard enough to predict what the sales are going to be. The market segments are even more challenging with more granularity. But  because we just dont have all that  much visibility up until the second half of the year. But I would say that we expect that well get growth across the board, which is where weve been seeing  weve seen good growth in industrial, weve been seeing good growth in communications. I think in the second half of the year the acceleration in communications in hopefully going to come from China; its what we now expect. We are seeing good growth in automotive. The consumer business is relatively cyclical. In these quarters they are low, theyll pick up again when the season changes. So, I dont think it will be anything unique personally in the segments. I think it will be more typically of what we usually see. Certain quarters we get higher industrial growth, certain quarters we get higher consumer or communications growth, but I dont think there will be anything unique for the balance of the year that at least we understand right now.
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: Okay, thanks. And then my followup for Dave, Dave, I think you said three things that the gross margins went up. Where any of those I guess having a bigger factor than the others?
Dave Zinsner: No, they all had a meaningful contribution to the gross margin improvement.
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: And then can you give us a sense of what your incremental gross margins will continue to be as the utilization rates climb?
Dave Zinsner: You know its challenging to do that because we do  some the revenue will come from external manufacturing and in that you dont get any incremental benefits from  versus the internal, so its a kind of a tough metric to really quantify.
Jerry Fishman: There is not an  in respect to that there is not an entire  we can't draw the curve between gross margins and utilization. So it has a lot to do with product mix. I think right now would be sort of  what I think seems to be pretty aggressive guidance for Q2 on the gross margin after what we just achieved. It sort of gives you an indication of at least directionally where we are thinking its going to head.
Christopher Danely  JP Morgan: Yes, okay, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Tristan Gerra with Robert W. Baird.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird: Hi, just another question on gross margin. Youve given us the mix  the gross margin sequentially increased, if you look at your revenue guidance, which is very close to what you posted in the second quarter of 2008, your gross margin guidance is also 150 basis points higher than two years ago. How much of this do you think will be mix and then within those that base station play will in those?
Jerry Fishman: Dave?
Dave Zinsner: Yes, I mean I couldnt answer that question. I mean what really drove the year over  or the comparison from Q408 was we took a lot of infrastructure cost out. We are taking  we took out of Limerick six inch facility and that contributed a lot to our gross margins and then going forward well start to see the benefits of shutting down Cambridge, and that will show up in our P&L and thats going to be driving the kind of the future performance. So, Id hazard a guess that it probably didnt have a meaningful impact from mix or utilization. It was really about fundamentally lowering the cost per unit of our product.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And eight weeks of inventories at distributors is probably unusually even though thats stable with the previous quarter. Is your guidance assuming any type of inventory replenishment and what type of feedback do you get from distributors over the next  for the next few quarters?
Dave Zinsner: Well, on a guidance perspective, it doesnt really matter, because we recognize the revenue once the distributors ships this out of their inventory. So
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird: And then for the gross margin?
Dave Zinsner: Sorry, what was that?
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird: And then for the gross margin, so are you  is your guidance building the fact that you are going to ramp production to replenish inventories at distribution as well?
Dave Zinsner: Well, as we indicated, we thought some of the drivers in the gross margin from the next quarter would be from utilization, a higher utilization this quarter versus last quarter, but we are also fundamentally lowering the cost per unit. Well start to see more benefits from the closures of the two facilities. So that will help as well.
Jerry Fishman: We tend to work very closely with the distributors to keep the inventory in weeks at about a constant rate. Certainly if the sell through in distribution keeps going up the dollars of inventory distribution will go up and that will low utilization a little bit, but thats  we are trying to keep the weeks or the turns in distribution about constant as we have over the last couple of quarters. Thats how we deal with distributors and thats how we are planning to continue to deal with them in the coming quarters.
Tristan Gerra  Robert W. Baird: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Ellis with Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis  Caris & Company: Thanks guys. Nice job on the gross margins. With margins above 60%, what options do you have as you look ahead given the tailwinds on utilization, mix, what have you, with either new end markets or new application penetration?
Jerry Fishman: Well, we continue at Analog despite our better focus to have a lot of irons in the fire and I think what we are going to continue to do is invest in the things that we are investing in. Thats sort of occupying most of our bandwidth. We think if we execute on those things we can have a pretty attractive growth rate. We are going to talk a little bit about this in more detail about at the analyst meeting next month here in Boston of what the segments are, where the growth drivers are, and so on. But I think the  the thing we are going to really try to do is just keep focused on the things that we are committed to and I think as we do that, we execute, I think the growth rate will take care of itself.
Craig Ellis  Caris & Company: Okay. And then its the followup. Dave, you mentioned an action that triggered $11.5 million charge in the fiscal first quarter. How many other efficiency actions like that do you foresee as you look out over fiscal 10?
Dave Zinsner: Well, you know, its hard to predict. I would say that we are not really anticipating any additional actions like that. But I do think that there are things we can do on the infrastructure side to continue to more efficiently spend our money that will help offset some of the increases well see on the variable comp side and will help us fund other development actions that we might want to take advantage of.
Craig Ellis  Caris & Company: Okay, thanks guys and nice job.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo.
David Wong  Wells Fargo: Thank you very much. Your guidance, does that include restructuring charges or are you assuming there won't be restructuring charges in the coming quarters?
Dave Zinsner: We are assuming there won't be restructuring charges in the coming quarters.
David Wong  Wells Fargo: So, your OpEx does go up by a fair amount equal  at least offset that whole of restructuring charges $16.5 million is that right?
Dave Zinsner: Its not going to go back, $16.5 million, is that what you are asking?
David Wong  Wells Fargo: Right, okay. And my second question, have you been able to supply product for the increase in demand youve seen in all areas or are there some segments or product types where there are shortages?
Jerry Fishman: In general, we are able to supply pretty much all of our products. I think I mentioned the statistic that to our OEM customers, which are about half of our sales, our largest customers, our lead times are within six weeks. And I think thats where we like them to be. And thats where they are. So, we dont really have a lot of shortages going on in the product group.
David Wong  Wells Fargo: Right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Freedman with Broadpoint AmTech.
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: Hi guys, given I am playing ping pong between two calls, I hope I dont step on a landmine here, but has anybody gone into the details on what caused the other section of Analog to be down 22%, can you give us a little insight into whats happening there?
Jerry Fishman: It was mostly to do with consumer products and that tends to bounce around a lot with the quarter to quarter numbers. So I dont think there is any real data there. If you look at the history of that thing, it bounces around quite a bit because its much more sort of market specific and customer specific products as compared to the broader categories.
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: Okay and is a fair amount in that business still coming from the MEMS segment and are you guys still pretty bullish on your MEMS outlook?
Jerry Fishman: Yes, I mean there is  a lot of the MEMS products are in there. That tends to be very lumpy quarter to quarter. The previous quarter we had a very large one-up in that business as a result of a particular program that won very large customer and he bought enough for the whole  next couple of quarters because it was a ramp of a new product he had. And we didnt get much business on that last quarter, but our position with that customer for the future is very, very good. So, its mostly, as I said, lumpy demand, heavily consumer, and thats why you saw those numbers.
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: Great. And then if I could one last one sort of trying to focus on end market demand. Are you guys able to see if the demand spectrum is broadening? Are you seeing a larger number of customers coming in and ordering or are you just seeing demand from your existing customer base return to a more normal levels?
Jerry Fishman: I think its a pretty broad based  at least as we are hearing through the distributors we are (inaudible). And I can't really say if its  if theyve increased their customer base or what the exact details are  the order patterns. But you know we are seeing it in new products and old products, we are seeing it in just across the board in many, many different product areas. And  so I really dont know the specifics of that if there is any real data in the  are there more customers or the same customers because I just dont know.
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: Alright. I guess may last one, are you feeling or thinking that there is any impact to any of your end markets from supply constraints in one direction or another?
Jerry Fishman: Well, we always worry about that with  some of the lead times out there in the industry are pretty long and you always worry a little bit about is  is that causing people to buy everything faster than they normally would, but we are trying to keep pretty good track of that and its not obvious that thats really impacting things a lot although thats something we always worry about and we watch it pretty carefully and well have to wait and see how that develops. But its certainly not what the customers are saying to us and what our distributors are saying to us. So  but, on the other hand, we are always the last to note. So its really hard to predict it.
Doug Freedman  Broadpoint AmTech: Alright. Terrific and congratulations on strong results.
Jerry Fishman: Thank you.
Operator: There appear to be no further questions at this time. Mr. Zinsner, Mr. Fishman, do you have any closing remarks?
Dave Zinsner: Yes, so thanks for participating. We are looking forward to talking to all of you again at our analyst day and just as a remainder thats scheduled for March 11th, 2010, and it will begin at 7:30 AM Eastern. So have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-11-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mindy Kohl  Director of Investor Relations  Jerald G. Fishman  President and Chief Executive Officer David A. Zinsner  Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Uche Orji - UBS James Covello - Goldman Sachs Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities Romit Shah - Barclays Capital David Wu - GC Research Ltd. Terence Whalen - Citi Steven Smigie - Raymond James Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein Sumit Dhanda - B of A Merrill Lynch [Moniche Goyle]  Crest Investment Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Am Tech 
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is [Gerald] and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Analog Devices fiscal fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Miss Kohl, you may begin your conference.
Mindy Kohl: Thanks Gerald, and good afternoon everyone. This is Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations for Analog Devices. We appreciate you joining us for todays call. If you havent yet seen our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 release, you can access it by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website at www.analog.com.  This conference call is also being webcast live. From analog.com select Investor Relations and follow the instructions shown next to the microphone icon. A recording of this conference call will be available today within about two hours of this calls completion and will remain available via telephone playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived at our IR website.  Participating in todays call are Jerry Fishman, President and CEO, and Dave Zinsner, Vice President of Finance and CFO. During the first part of the call, Jerry and Dave will present our fourth quarter and year end results as well as our short term outlook, and then well open it up for questions during the last part of the call. During todays call we will refer to several non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for one time items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operations and business trends. We have included reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in todays earnings release, which was posted on the IR website. Weve also updated the schedules on our IR website which include the historical quarterly and annual summary key analysis for continuing operations, as well as historical quarterly and annual information for product revenue from continuing operations by end market and by product type. Next, Id ask you to please note that the information were about to discuss includes forward-looking statements which include risks and uncertainties. The companys actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. Factors that contribute to such differences include but are not limited to those described in the companys SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking information that is provided by the company in this call represents the companys outlook as of today, and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause the companys outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast which is November 23, 2009 With that Ill turn it over to our CEO, Jerry Fishman.
Jerald G. Fishman:  Well, thanks, Mindy, and thanks to everybody for joining us on todays call. As you can see from the earnings announcement we put out earlier today, our fourth quarter was a very strong quarter for ADI. Our revenues increased by about 16% or about $80 million sequentially to $572 million, which was well ahead of the earlier forecast that we communicated to you last quarter. We experienced the strongest sequential growth in automotive and consumer products, but I think most importantly we also began to see very strong growth in our traditional industrial products, which grew 14% sequentially. Communications revenues declined very slightly as a result of inventory rebalancing at some of our largest infrastructure customers. PT revenues which are now a very diminumous part of our business also grew sequentially. Revenues grew sequentially in virtually every product category at ADI in our fourth quarter.  Year-over-year and the full year results by end market and product category, as Mindy mentioned earlier, are available on ADIs Investor Relations website for your review.  Importantly, our gross margins for the quarter increased by 220 basis points sequentially to 56.3%, which was also well ahead of our expectations. And thats despite a sales mix that favored lower margin automotive and consumer products. This increase was primarily due to higher sales and an increase in our industrial business, which provided slightly better factory utilization. Inventories declined to 92 days and are now at historically low levels. Despite much lower inventories, our service levels to our customers remains very good and our lead times continue to be very short for most of our products.  Our operating expenses increased approximately 3% or about $6 million sequentially, but were down over 19% from the same period last year, excluding one time items. The sequential increase in Q4 was primarily due to higher variable compensation expense, resulting from the 650 basis point sequential improvement in our operating margins in Q4. All other expenses during the quarter were essentially flat to Q3 levels.  As a result of very strong sequential sales gains, coupled with the 220 basis point improvement in gross margins and a 430 basis point improvement in operating expenses, operating margins expanded to 22.5% up from 16% last quarter. Interestingly, for each additional revenue dollar, we drove about approximately $0.62 to operating profit. This really demonstrates the very significant leverage that weve built into our model in the past year or two through manufacturing consolidations and corporate wide cost reductions, which is in line with the plan that we communicated to you over the last few quarters. In Q4 earnings per share grew to $0.36, which was up 64% sequentially from Q3. About $0.01 of that increase was the result of a year end tax adjustment. So overall, Q4 was a very successful quarter by most measures, as we executed on our important objective to emerge from this cycle a more focused and a more profitable company. So now Ill turn the mike over to Dave, whos going to review the financials in a bit more detail.
David A. Zinsner:  Thanks Jerry. As Jerry stated, revenues were $572 million, which was a 16% increase from the prior quarter and a 13% decrease from the prior year. Orders increased substantially again this quarter. We closed the fourth quarter with a book to bill that was well above one, resulting in higher backlog. Gross margins were 56.3%, which was more than 100 basis points higher than expectations. This was up from 54.1%, which we reported in the third quarter. As Jerry mentioned this was due to higher sales and an increase in our industrial business, which provided slightly better factory utilization.  Inventory on our balance sheet declined by $23 million or 8% this quarter and days of inventory fell to 92 days, which is a recent record for ADI.  We increased utilization slightly this quarter. However, demand from our OEM customers and distributors was even stronger, which was the primary driver of the reduction in inventory. Looking ahead to next quarter, were expecting utilization for our two internal fabs to increase again modestly to respond to the increased level of demand. Days of inventory will likely remain at a similar level to this quarter. Weve been able to maintain lead times in line with prior quarters, and feel comfortable that we can operate at these historically low levels of inventory. Distributor inventory increased slightly. However, days of inventory remained relatively flat, an indication that the channel continues to watch inventories closely. As we expected, third quarter 2009 gross margins appear to have represented a trough for this cycle. We believe that gross margins will continue to improve throughout the next several quarters, and expect that we will be above 60% by the end of fiscal 2010. There are several drivers to this gross margin improvement. First, were just beginning to realize the savings from our two fab consolidations, which will begin in earnest in fiscal Q1 and continue throughout the year. Second, we should experience a richer product mix in 2010 as a result of the reprioritization of our investments over the past few years. Third, we have had a significant focus on inventory levels during this cycle. And the result? Weve kept utilization low when sales declined. As our industrial business grows, were anticipating utilization will steadily improve, which would drive further gross margin improvement. And lastly, were expecting depreciation to gradually decline over the next several years as we keep capital spending at historically low levels, approximately 3% of sales, reflecting higher external wafer purchases, which require less capital spending at ADI.  For the fourth quarter, capital expenditures were approximately $16 million, and for the full year they were $56 million. This represented a 64% decline from fiscal 2008. Operating expenses were $193 million, up $6 million or 3% from the prior quarter, but down $46 million or 19% from fourth quarter of the prior year, including one time items. The increase quarter over quarter was almost entirely the result of increased variable compensation expense on a 63% improvement in operating income. We have seen solid results from our initiative to get more leverage from our operating expenses. In fact, the last time we were at similar revenue levels to Q4, which was approximately $575 million in revenue, our operating expenses were more than $75 million higher on an annualized basis. For the first quarter, we expect operating expenses to be approximately flat with the fourth quarter. In subsequent quarters, were planning modest sequential increases as revenues increase.  Other expenses were approximately $1 million as expected. At this point were not expecting a rise in short term rates, which would benefit our non-operating income, so we expect that other expenses will be approximately $1 million next quarter as well. Our annual tax rate was lower than the rate we anticipated at the end of our third quarter, so we trued up our tax rate in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, which had the effect of increasing our EPS by $0.01 per share. Next year we expect our tax rate to be approximately 19% to 20%.  Weighted average diluted shares outstanding were 294 million this quarter and were expecting weighted average shares for next quarter of about 300 million. Diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.36, down 27% from $0.49 in the year ago period, but it was up 64% from $0.22 in the immediately prior quarter. Cash flow from operations was $163 million or 29% of sales. And as I mentioned earlier, we had $16 million in capital expenditures, which resulted in free cash flow of $147 million or 26% of revenue. We also paid out $58 million this quarter in dividends. Total cash and investments at the end of fourth quarter were $1.8 billion, up $92 million from $1.7 billion last quarter due to continued strong cash flow from operations and low capital spending. Net cash after debt was approximately $1.4 billion. Our AR balance increased slightly due to the increase in shipments. However, our DSO stayed relatively flat at 48 days and we have no customers that are late to their payment terms. In summary, this was a very solid financial quarter for ADI. Our goal has been to drive more leverage in our model during this cycle and Q4 represented evidence that we are beginning to see the expected expansion of gross and operating margins. Now Ill turn the call over to Jerry to discuss key end market trends and our short term outlook.
Jerald G. Fishman :  Thanks Dave. Revenues from our very broad base of industrial customers, which are about 52% of our total revenues in Q4, were up 17% sequentially. And as you might remember, that category is inclusive of automotive and healthcare, both of which grew at very high sequential rates last quarter. External to the automotive and healthcare segments are our clients and industrial revenues which include process control, factory automation instrumentation, grew approximately 14% sequentially. Automotive sales were particularly strong, due in part to automotive stimulus programs, providing a boost to sales in North America and Europe, but also as a result of a much richer automotive product portfolio that were now selling at ADI. Revenues from automotive customers increased 37% sequentially in Q4, reaching levels close to their peak, which we experienced in the third quarter of 2008. In Q4, sales of our battery monitoring, brake sensing and automotive MEMs products, all increased significantly. And we had further design activity for our lithium ion battery monitoring solution for hybrid and for electric vehicle systems, with suppliers in North America and Europe and also in China. Revenues from our healthcare customers returned to growth this quarter, much as we had expected, and increased 17% on a sequential basis, although still quite a bit down from the fourth quarter of last year. Overall, designing activity and healthcare customers continues their very rapid pace and we believe we have the opportunity to grow our share in many important areas of this market, particularly in advance imaging systems, where our newest 128 channel, 24 bit converters enable four dimensional views of internal organs.  Based on the strength of both the OEM and distribution orders, which has continued into November, and the growth in our backlog, were expecting a further increase in industrial sales in the first quarter.  In the communications market, sales of optical, networking and wired infrastructure products all increased from the previous quarter. Wireless infrastructure products declined slightly as a result of delayed GSM deployments in developing regions, which resulted in inventory level adjustments by some of our customers. Deployments of the more advanced 3G systems, which enable high speed data services, remained strong in the developed regions as operators continue to upgrade their networks to capture the increased mobile data traffic and our sales to these 3G applications increased slightly in the quarter. For the first quarter of 2010, we expect continued modest sales growth from 3G system upgrades and for sales from GSM applications to remain flat to Q4 levels.  Looking forward, our customers expect contracts to be awarded in China for the next phase of 3G deployment in early 2010. And depending on the actual timing of these deployments, these should drive upside revenues in the out quarters. As weve mentioned previously, our market position in China is very, very strong and we expect that as those deployments get made they should positively impact our revenues. Revenues from consumer customers were about 25% of our revenues, up 38% sequentially with very strong sales in all major consumer applications. Q4 as you might remember is typically a very strong consumer quarter for ADI, as builds get done ahead of the holiday season. Consumer revenue has now returned to pre-downturn levels with sales increasing for the third consecutive quarter, albeit at a more significant rate in Q4. Contributing to our fourth quarter growth in consumer products were increasing sales of our analog front end products for cameras, HDMI related products and also MEMs based products as well. We expect consumer sales to be down in the first quarter as they typically are, as ordering typically slows following the Christmas build. Looking forward to 2010, we continue to very closely monitor our customer ordering patterns for clearer signals about the prospects for growth for the year. During the fourth quarter of 2009, order rates from end customers accelerated very significantly and grew by approximately 17% sequentially. And as a result, backlog for delivery in the next 90 days grew substantially. Our belief is that this atypically strong growth in Q4 was really the result of three things. First, overall many economies began to improve from the depressed levels of 2009. This is particularly noteworthy in our industrial business, which as I mentioned earlier includes factory automation, process control, and factory instrumentation and scientific instrumentation. In addition, the automotive stimulus programs no doubt provided a boost to sales to automotive customers.  Secondly, many customers have now moved out to an inventory accretion mode rather from an inventory depletion mode that theyve been in over the past year, as they now have become incrementally more positive about their businesses and have worked their inventories down to extremely low levels. Thirdly, ADI is benefiting for what appears to be a very rich new product cycle as a result of having made more focused investments over the past few years. So we expect that our industrial revenues will continue to grow sequentially in Q1 in line with higher manufacturing activity worldwide and our higher opening backlog. For the first quarter were expecting automotive and communication sales to be relatively flat compared to the fourth quarter. In addition, were planning for consumer sales to decline in Q1, given the large sequential revenue increases in Q4, some of which may not repeat in Q1. And also very typical seasonal patterns for lower consumer sales that we often see in Q1. So as a result, when we add up the growth were expecting in all the market segments, were planning for revenues in Q1 to be approximately flat to Q4 levels, and up 20% from the same period last year. Our current planning assumption for our 2010 plan is for revenues to increase throughout 2010 beginning in our second quarter.  Were planning for gross margin to [inaudible] again in Q1 as a result of lower infrastructure costs and a much richer mix of industrial sales. Our current plan is for gross margins to increase by an additional 150 to 200 basis points to 58% to 58.5%. We anticipate gross margins to continue to expand throughout 2010 for many of the reasons that Dave mentioned earlier. Were planning for operating expenses in Q1 to remain relatively flat to Q4 levels, in line with our plan to achieve very high operating leverage going forward. For the balance of this year were planning for only modest increases in operating expenses as revenues increase. Given this level of revenues and margin, and our expense plan, our plan is for diluted earnings from continuing operations in Q1 to be approximately $0.36 to $0.37, excluding restructuring charges that we plan to take in Q1 associated with the final closure of our fab in Cambridge. Were planning for continuing low capital expenditures for 2010 in the range of $60 to $70 million or 3% of sales with depreciation currently running at about 6% of sales. So in summary, overall were executing well on our plan to transform ADIs business model to produce good growth and higher margins. First we continue to realign our investments and our product portfolio to better focus on the most promising and the most sustainable opportunities where ADIs technology makes a fundamental difference to our customers. Just recently we announced a major reorganization of our design, marketing and selling resources, which we believe will better balance our product or technology centric structure that has made us so successful for decades, with a parallel market facing structure that will make it much easier for customers to gain access to the breadth of ADIs technology. This structure will provide much greater strategic clarity at ADI and I believe really help us focus our resources on the highest corporate priorities. Secondly, we have fundamentally reduced and we will continue to reduce ADIs infrastructure costs worldwide. As a result of these and other actions, we believe were very well positioned to deliver significant operating leverage as revenues increase, as I think we amply demonstrated in our Q4 when earnings increased over 60% on a 16% revenue increase. In just the past 12 months weve consolidated two complex wafer fabs, weve reduced inventory levels from 141 days to 92 days, and weve kept customer service levels high during the entire process.  Our continuing short lead times reduce the risk of double ordering from our customers and our distributors, and I believe provide competitive advantages relative to suppliers whose lead times have extended.  And finally, despite all the tremendous challenges during 2009, weve continued to invest for the future. This strategy produced a record crop of 300 new products in 2009. We expect many of these innovations to be strong growth drivers for ADI over the coming quarters, as these products help our customers solve extraordinarily difficult signal processing challenges. With Q4 new product sales amongst the highest levels in the history of ADI, many of these recently introduced innovative products have shown excellent revenue momentum right out of the gate. And we should continue to enjoy the benefits of these products in 2010 and beyond. As weve said many times in these calls, our long-term success will often be dependent on how we respond to downturns which occur routinely in our business. Last year we presented a strategy for navigating through the downturn which we believe would result in ADI emerging in an even stronger position than weve been in before the economy went into a tailspin. Over the past year by maintaining a relentless focus on innovation and executing our strategic priorities, including the aggressive streamlining of our cost structure, weve emerged in a very strong competitive position, perhaps the strongest position in our history.  During the past few years Analogs employees around the world have stepped up and embraced these challenges with a great sense of purpose and determination, which we believe will reward investors in the coming years. 
Mindy Kohl: Thank you Jerry. During todays Q&A period please limit yourself to one primary question and one follow on question. Well give you another opportunity to ask additional questions as we have time remaining. Operator, were now ready for questions from our analyst participants.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: I guess Jerry and David, when you talk about the order rates and the October quarter being up 17% sequentially and backlog growing, Im kind of wondering why just flat revenue growth in the fiscal first quarter. Is that typically a quarter where youre dependent upon less turns? Or are you just throwing in some tops down conservatism, just kind of given the volatility in the macro environment?
Jerald G. Fishman: Well I think certainly you know were always cautious during all these periods where you cant quite predict the ordering patterns and the revenue patterns as you normally can during a stable market. So you know we are running the company conservatively. Were setting the expense objective conservatively and the revenue objectives conservatively. Certainly we have the capacity to ship more than flat this quarter, even though our inventory levels have come down quite a bit we have very good coverage on inventory, very short lead times. So if it does turn out that the revenues turn out to be stronger, then well certainly be ready to do it, but we are trying to manage the company relatively conservatively, given all the uncertainty out there in the markets.  I mean typically our first quarter is a down sequential quarter mostly because the consumer market goes down and we get less days of sales for our industrial products, which tends to, you know, generally we were down a couple of percent to 5% in the first quarter. So I think with flat sales in Q1 thats going to be a better quarter than we typically have sequentially. And thats I think particularly true given the very large increase we had last quarter which you know any time where companies like ADI or any of our competitors puts up a, you know, a mid double digit sequential number you have to be a little cautious for the next quarter. And I think thats what were trying to do.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse:  Dave, if my notes are right, I believe you talked about utilization rates being about 45% in the July quarter. They picked up here a little bit. I guess Im kind of curious, at what utilization level do you start to see lead times stretching out or I guess whats your ability to keep lead times from not stretching out, given the pick up in end demand?
David A. Zinsner: Well I think I said in the actual prepared statement that you know now were starting to rethink the model on inventory. And originally we thought we would operate in the 100 to 110 day range. Weve operated now in the 92 range for a quarter. Lead times have not moved out at all. Weve been able to service every customer out there. So I think were now operating in a different model for inventory whereas you know more in the kind of 90 to 100 days, which makes sense. Were becoming more of a hybrid between internal and external manufacturing. We have the ability to order wafers relatively quickly from our external foundry. So you know I think that were kind of comfortable at this point where the range is. Well pick up utilization again next quarter a little bit, just to catch up a little bit since we obviously brought down inventory quite a bit. But you know I dont imagine it going up too significantly until we start to see industrial continue to grow.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse:  But, Dave, I guess, is there utilization level where lead times will stretch out and youll have to build inventory and customers will have to build inventory? Or is that no longer applicable just given the flex capacity?
David A. Zinsner: I think were at, you know, 50% utilization now, give or take. And we have plenty of head room to bring that utilization up.
Jerald G. Fishman: Yes, we can respond reasonably rapidly. You know the equipments installed, labor for it is leased on the engineering and management level is pretty well fully staffed. So if we decide to, we can ramp that production pretty quickly. Our plan right now is to ramp it slowly as long as we can keep the lead times down. And you know to the extent we sense that lead times are going to extend, we would ramp it more quickly and that wouldnt take us very long. But our sense is to try to keep inventories low and to keep the lead times low. And you know, so far weve been able to do that, even though we got surprised on the upside on the revenues by quite a bit this quarter, we really didnt run into any shortages of any consequence, and our production people feel pretty good about being able to respond pretty quickly to anything that comes our way in the next couple of quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji  UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Jerry, let me just follow up a little bit on the lead time comments. You know through this reporting season we havent really had many companies admit to having long lead times, its always people saying we dont have long lead times, but the market lead time is higher. Can you give us a sense of you know just in terms of your vantage view of the market, you know, where lead times really are? I know yours are short, but in terms of your ability to take market share as a consequence of long lead times in the industry, just help us quantify the way it [tends].
Jerald G. Fishman: I think, you know, there are a group of competitors out there that I think have and typically do keep their lead times very short and they dont make [mets] of changes in their production levels. And I think we have other competitors that have really fallen behind on their ability to supply customers. So I think its really a mixed bag. And you know Ill leave it up to each of our competitors to say who they are. But it really is a mixed bag out there. You know for a while the foundries were struggling to keep up, but I think by and large you know the foundries have kept up, at least with our requests from them. And so I dont expect that theres huge shortages out there except from a few suppliers in a few markets but not across the board. So I cant speak for anyone elses lead times or for any one elses plans to keep them lower. I can just speak for Analogs and were going to keep them low.
Uche Orji  UBS:  Well, just as a follow up, can you talk about within your product areas amplifiers, I mean its the only product [capacity] rate that did not grow double digits this quarter. Clearly underlying that does that mean the amplifier business thats restricting growth within that business?
Jerald G. Fishman: No. I think it turns out that when you have the most strength in the automotive business and the consumer business, a lot of those, you know, they have a lot of converters and amplifiers built into them, but theyre typically more integrated products where you know they go into the other category, the other Analog category. So I dont think theres any real information there. It just turns out that a large part of the strength or the most strength is in automotive and consumer products which arent as prevalent as stand alone converters and amplifiers as say the industrial business is.
Uche Orji  UBS:  And just one last question on the communication and venture correction you mentioned, I know you expect to see some growth picking up next year in the communication infrastructure business. Can you just talk about where you think where would inventory correction [inaudible]? 
Jerald G. Fishman: Well I think its, you know, its lasted a couple of quarters and lasted a little bit longer than you know many of us would have believed. You know you might remember that prior to a couple of quarters ago, the year-over-year increases were staggering at the beginning of the, you know, downturn of the cycle. That was the only thing that was keeping most of us running. You know our sense is that theres another big TDS, CDMA deployment coming up in China. The tenders are out there and you know theres varying accounts of you know whether thatll be our first quarter or our second quarter or our third quarter. Its very, very hard to tell.  But I think it will happen this year and when it does happen, you know, well do quite well, as well as with 3G deployments in other locations around Europe and the United States. One of the big variables is, you know, we still sell stuff into the older GSM standards, mostly in the developing countries. And that tends to bounce around a little bit. So I mean this business has always been a up or down business and the only thing we can do is make sure that our share remains strong, which it is; that our content keeps increasing in each of those base stations which it has; and now the, you know, quarter-to-quarter thats going to be a lumpy business.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Covello - Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs:  First question, where do you guys think we are relative to the inventory correction in the industrial segment in particular? In other words, do you think are you still under shipping your customer demand in the industrial segment or do you think weve caught up there now?
Jerald G. Fishman: Well thats very, very hard to be definitive on. You know we serve a lot of those customers through our distribution partners and you know the conversations weve had with the larger distributors more recently indicates that they dont think theres a lot of inventory building going on in the industrial customers. You know they think theyre resetting their inventory models. You know their guess is Q1 is going to be atypically strong as they sort of complete that. But what theyre most optimistic on is that these companies are thinking theyre really going to grow. And you know when you look around in the United States, its sort of hard to get enthusiastic about what you see going on in the industrial race in the United States and whats going on in many U.S. companies.  But if you look outside the U.S. and the large industrial customers we have in other locations, theyre doing pretty well and their business continues to grow. And increasingly a larger percentage of our business is now coming outside the U.S. and industrial customers as well as the large base we have inside the United States. So I mean its sort of hard to tell, but all we can do is repeat what were hearing from the distributors and our largest customers. And they tell us and they seem to be quite confident that theyre not building a lot of inventory, theyre just replenishing it and theyre, you know, probably at least partially if not mostly done with that. But the reason theyre buying product now is because theyre expecting next year to be better than this year.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs:  Dave, what do you think it would take for you to surpass your previous historical margin levels in this upcoming cycle?
David A. Zinsner: Well I think we are going to surpass the previous cycle. Weve got a number of things, tailwinds in our favor. One the two fab consolidations drive about $65 million of annualized savings. In the first quarter well start to see the first of the savings will probably be somewhere in the kind of $5 to $7 million for the first quarter. So thats going to be a good tailwind for us. Depreciation is also coming down. I mentioned that capital spending is now lower at the company given our kind of our, you know, half external, half internal kind of model, give or take. So thats also going to drive some good savings. I talked about the mix. I think Jerry talked about mix as well. We think industrial mix is going to improve over the course of next year. And so those things should all drive good margin improvement. We think well beat the previous peak, which was about 61%, and we feel pretty confident of that fact at the moment.
Jerald G. Fishman: And a lot of the things weve done on the OpEx side, which is the other really great driver of what margins we ultimately achieve, you know as we had mentioned some of those things creep back in very slowly, but a large part of those things are not going to creep in. And so were going to wind up as Dave mentioned at the same revenue levels that we had. Last time we had this revenue level we had fundamentally lower costs and I think the costs of the company are going to continue to remain under very, very tight control, given the margin leverage that were seeking. And I think also that were learning how to manage the business with less OpEx, and I think thats going to continue to go on. So I think for both of those reasons in terms of the gross margins and the OpEx line, you know we still think from here weve got plenty of leverage left. And when we get all that leverage, well be at higher margins than we were at comparable sales in the last cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Jerry, when you talked about the [disti] I believe going from depletion to accretion mode, usually that doesnt end well. Can you just talk to us about how far along that process they are and maybe give us kind of a historical context?
Jerald G. Fishman: I think theyre relatively past that process. I mean what really happened is, you know, the distributors and you know in fact all of the customers just stopped when the business went to hell, the credit markets, you know, didnt allow people to borrow to buy inventories and so on. And I think if you look at what theyve been doing, you know, theyve been trying to get back on the right number of days in the channel. You know Dave mentioned earlier that distributor inventory hasnt gone up at all in days. And I think that, you know, when you talk to the distributors, you know they basically are very, very tight on what theyre trying to do. You know for a quarter or so wed see the orders on us be ahead of the orders that the end customers would place on them. But increasingly over the last month or two, youd see those lines starting to converge. So I think theres been a catch up in trying to get their inventories up, but I think theyre being incredibly tight compared to what weve seen in previous cycles on their inventory management. And if you believe them and, you know, when you look them in the eye, I do believe them, that I dont think theyre going to go out there and just randomly buy inventory right now. I think the level of discipline everybody has, from the customers to distributors to even us, is much, much greater than its ever been. So you know theres always that risk that you mentioned and for those of us whove been around a long time weve all seen the phenomena you mention. But you know we watch our distributor turns very, very closely. We hit their inventories every single week and we look at them very closely. And were determined not to overstock our distributors. And its not really a battle right now because theyre not running ahead any more of what their customers are ordering from them, which is why the turns are staying about constant.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I guess just so we can quantify it a little bit, how does the days theyre carrying now, I know that theyre flat sequentially as you said, but how does that absolute days level compare to either where they were a year ago or some historical normal level?
David A. Zinsner:  Its a little bit lower than normal levels. You know I think were in a new environment where you know normal levels are a lot lower.
Jerald G. Fishman: Thats what we believe, that the divergence between those lines are converging and it might be that the distributors really want to run their businesses at lower levels, and theyre certainly talking like theyd rather do that. And I think thats a good idea.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I guess as a follow up question then switching to gross margin and the outlook for it to go up 150 to 200 basis points basically, can you just walk us through the metrics there? Because I would think with mix and utilization being positive, plus you get the first batch of the Limerick cost savings, I would think it could have been at least what you guided to if not potentially a little bit better. So if you could just help quantify those levers, please.
David A. Zinsner: Well, it can always be better obviously, but I think the way were thinking utilization probably adds another 75 basis points, the fab consolidation probably adds another 75 basis points and then mix, you know, is probably another 50 to 100 basis points.
Operator: Your next question comes from Romit Shah - Barclays Capital.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: It seems like you have the ability to drive gross margins into the mid-60% range, but if you look at companies that are in that range or higher, they dont seem to be growing as fast. And so my question is Jerry, do you think theres a correlation there? And if so, you know, how do you think about balancing revenue growth and margins at ADI?
Jerald G. Fishman: Well thats something you know we worry about and look at and think about very, very carefully as we do this thing. You know theres a lot of ways to get your gross margin up that are very negative to sales growth. You know you can go out and raise all your prices and see what happens, you know, play chicken with the customers. And that tends all the time to have a very deleterious effect on your revenue growth, both in the short term Id say and the long term. And the other thing you could do is you can get your costs down and increase your gross margins. And you know our fundamental strategy is more the latter than the former.  You know we have a higher average selling price for our products than many of our direct competitors and I think we have the opportunity to run much higher margins as a result of that. So you know Ive always said that were not turning away a lot of business at 60% gross margin to try and get the margins up by a point or something. You know any business that comes along thats credible, you know, were in. So I think its mostly a question for Analog of cost reduction rather than price increases and thats what were going to do. Thats what we have done over the last year or so and thats where the focus is going to be. And I think if you follow that leg of the stool, you dont lose business. In fact theres an opportunity to get even more business because you can be more price competitive.  So were not going to push Analog down the rat hole of, you know, lets take 75% of the revenue thats above some gross margin and give the rest of it away. I dont think thats a good long term strategy for any company and certainly not for Analog. You know we have businesses as you know where we never expected we could get a return on the R&D investment, either at the gross margin or the operating margin level, and those businesses weve decreased investment in or gotten out of. But this isnt a relentless pushing Analog for gross margin at any sales revenue level, its to have better than industry average growth at increasing gross margins, and I think we can accomplish both of those things simultaneously by really focusing on the cost part of the equation.
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital:  Do you think 65% is a realistic gross margin target down the road?
Jerald G. Fishman: I think when we get to 60, well have this conversation again. But as Dave said, we have a lot of tailwinds and well see how it goes. I mean were putting up a lot of gross margin leverage, you know, the last quarter and were going to put up a bunch more this quarter. Were going to put more up by the balance of the year. Lets see how we do over the next couple of quarters and well put up a new model when we do.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wu - GC Research Ltd.
David Wu - GC Research Ltd.: Just remind us, how big is the automotive business in the fourth quarter?
Jerald G. Fishman: In dollars or percentage?
David Wu - GC Research Ltd.:  Well, either way.
David A. Zinsner: Automotive is a little bit north of 10%.
David Wu - GC Research Ltd.:  And the other thing I was wondering is youve been watching the distributors improve their inventory turns but how do you monitor your OEMs and they go through their, do you have hubs with them? And how do you monitor their behavior relative to you know inventory depletion or too much accretion? Some of our wonderful analysts are thinking that accretion may be too much in the very near future but.
Jerald G. Fishman: Well I mean all the data thats out there indicates that the distributor inventories lower last quarter you know than they were the quarter before, so the data out there does not support that contention that weve seen. With the large customers, David, all we can really do is, you know, we do sell to some of them through hubs so we can really get to see whats there. We have very close contact with our largest 200 accounts and when we talk to them we talk a lot about supply. So all we can do is, you know, its not a highly quantitative model with the large customers, but we tend to have a reasonably good sense of you know the attitudes of our customers and whether theyre piling up stuff.  We have a lot of years of historical sales and inventory data from our large customers, so you know we crank through those numbers pretty hard. And when we get a sense that one of our large customers is building inventory on us, we talk about it quite directly with them. So again its not as quantitative as wed all like, but its qualitatively a pretty good indicator.
David Wu - GC Research Ltd.:  And approximately what percentage of your large customers are on hub at this point?
Jerald G. Fishman: I dont really have that statistic, David. I mean the ones that you know everybody has a hub with I expect we do, but I dont have that statistic handy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terence Whalen  Citi.
Terence Whalen - Citi: Jerry, I think in your concluding remarks you made several points and I was hoping to revisit a couple of these. I think a lot of the questions already have pertained to top line and gross margin. I was hoping to make this question about operating expenses. One of your first points was you said you were making changes that I think overall were intended to improve the customer facing experience. And then your second point pertained to fundamentally reducing infrastructure costs. I wanted to understand maybe two or three points specifically how you can balance those [explicit] goals of really improving the efficacy of your sales and distribution while reducing the cost of that. And the reason I ask the question is because I think as we see good sales growth, I think there might be some investment skepticism around the ability to really reign in the costs.
Jerald G. Fishman: Yes. Well, I guess the only way to prove that is to do it. But you know just conceptually the way were thinking about it is you know at Analog weve grown up as a product company over the years and as a result, you know, weve had a lot of different product groups all over the company that basically ran their businesses, did a very good job of doing that, and each of them was a relatively self contained business whose only goal was to grow and make money. You know, the change we made was basically to try to say that we have a business like that, but we dont need the level of decentralization in those businesses that weve had historically. And there are opportunities to get much greater benefit of scale, much greater sharing of technology, much less overhead costs in each of those businesses. And decentralizations a great thing in terms of getting focused but its a terrible thing in terms of cost.  So as you create more centralized ways of thinking about even the technology dimension of the company, I think there are great opportunities that weve seen and I think theres more to come in getting the infrastructure costs of the company down.  The other part of the mix there of creating these market facing groups is just a way of more efficiently dealing with customers. Again, when you have many, many product groups, you know I think at the peak we probably had 45 or 50 different product groups in the company, and every one of them was out there banging on the customers for their particular application or product. Its not a very efficient utilization of their time and its very inefficient for the customers and for our sales force to have to drag around 47 different product lines to these accounts. I think by a much more centralized look on a tactical basis we just save a lot of time and money in trying to deal with the largest customers. And we also can deal with them with the full breadth of ADIs technology. You know Id say lastly, and it might turn out to be of all these things the most important, is that we now can look at each of these market segments and set the priorities across the company rather than looking at 45 or 50 different product groups and try to set the priorities. And you know just in going through the 2010 planning process, you know, when were determined to keep the OpEx relatively flat and we have a lot of different people who have a lot of different ideas on what theyd like to do, just the strategic clarity that we can bring to bear on those decisions and the analysis that we can do of what were putting in and what were getting out of a particular market segment is much, much better, and has given us just a much clearer sense of where the moneys going, what the input/output ratio is in some of the things were doing, and therefore what are the investments that were going to continue to support, and what are the investments that were going to decrease our support in. It just is a much more efficient way of running the company. So I mean those things when you first look at them sound like they kind of balance each other. How can you, you know, drive more sales growth and get the costs down at the same time? But you know that is our job, to get good growth and to get the cost structure of the company down. And I think everybody around the company believes thats our job and were going to do that. And you know there are many skeptics out there about can you do that, but we understand that. But I think if usually the fourth quarter is a proxy for our determination on that, I think you can probably get a sense that were serious about that.
Terence Whalen  Citi:  I think the follow up then is to Dave. Dave, I think in the past you talked about reaching a peak sales level, a prior peak sales level which was I think about $659 to $661 with about $200 to $210 million in OpEx. Now can you validate whether thats a reasonable modeling window.
David A. Zinsner: Well I think the way were thinking about it on OpEx as a target is really to target really in kind of the low $30s. Historically when were at kind of our higher peak levels of revenue, weve really been kind of in the mid-$30s. So we see trying to drive OpEx more into the low $30s as a percent of sales and couple that with a gross margin in the low $60s and I think you get a pretty good number for operating margins, well above kind of prior peaks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Smigie - Raymond James.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: I just wanted to follow up a little bit more on the OpEx. Dave, I know you said I think dollar wise you expect only pretty modest increases going forward. Are there any you know short term cost reduction efforts you took during the downturn that have yet to come back into the numbers?
David A. Zinsner: Well weve taken a lot of actions up until this point to get the number to where it is. Were always looking to squeeze out efficiencies obviously, but the variable expense that could find its way back into the P&L we think is essentially under our control. In fact most of it is variable comp thats tied to operating margins improving. So were in a situation now where we think the OpEx is in our control and we can kind of manage it effectively going forward really to drive to this kind of target, operating expense as a percent of sales.
Jerald G. Fishman: This is Jerry. That continues to pressurize us to keep looking at all the things were doing and prioritize. You know what were communicating around the company is that the worst thing we could do right now is you know sort of wipe our brows and say you know weve survived and everythings great, and now were back to doing it the way we used to do it. And you know we dont have to make hard choices any more. And the message that, you know, were communicating very candidly around the company is you know that process of continuing to see where the investments should go and prioritization and continuing to drive the costs down, those are not one time phenomena thats caused by, you know, the world falling apart last year. These are things that companies like ADI given the markets were in have to do every year. And thats what our plan is to do.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James:  And then just as a follow up, just for modeling purposes, would I expect then sequentially over the next few quarters percentage wise to see that keep trending down or could you have maybe one quarter where it pops up a little bit again?
Jerald G. Fishman: I mean, well have to see how the revenues go, but our sense is that that should keep trending down as a percentage of sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Ellis - Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Dave, as we look at the gap between depreciation and CapEx, how much of that gap goes away as you get the two fabs shut down later this year?
David A. Zinsner: The two fabs are actually shut down, so we completed the last shutdown as of the end of this quarter. So as far as depreciation expense next quarter we wont have the Cambridge depreciation expense, although it was only I think $2 million a quarter. Really what will drive depreciation down further from here really is a function of the fact that were just spending less in capital. Now that is a function obviously of having two less fabs than we had a year ago.
Jerald G. Fishman: And less capacity.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company:  And then as a follow up, just on one of the product areas, looking at power management it popped up, obviously still one of the smaller businesses but in the 28% sequential growth is that all just seasonality? Or are you starting to get some traction on some of the design activity that the companys been working on to try and grow that business organically?
Jerald G. Fishman: I think we are getting some good design traction and there was some seasonality in that number. So I think its both, but theres no doubt we, after a lot of investment, are beginning to get some traction on that business.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company:  And in the past year youve talked about I think potential design wins in base stations and other, more traditional ADI type applications. Is that where youre seeing that happen?
Jerald G. Fishman: Oh, were seeing it happen across a wide spectrum of markets, those being one of them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein: First just to revisit the OpEx again, so OpEx this quarter was up $5 million. I know before you had about $20 million in temporary savings. So does this imply that all the permanent savings were there, you got $5 million back of the temporary or were there more permanent savings that also happened this quarter? Id also like to see if you could give me some feeling of what revenue level youd expect all temporary cuts to actually be back into the operating model.
David A. Zinsner: So as I talked about in the prepared comments, the $5 million increase was all as a result of variable comp coming back. So in a sense that was temporary cost savings when operating margins have declined a lot and now thats phased back in. Theres obviously always some amount of infrastructure related reductions that are phasing into our P&L as well. You know it was in kind of that million-ish kind of range, the $2 million range this quarter. So it wasnt a lot of savings that flowed back into the P&L in the fourth quarter. As far as when we get back to our kind of peak revenue levels and all our temporary reductions are back in, again I point again to our target. Our targets to get kind of the low $30s in operating expenses and this obviously as Jerry mentioned requires some rolling up our sleeves, but we feel like we have a good track to get there. 
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein:  And for my follow up Id like to see if we could visit the fab consolidations. So the last time I think you closed a fab was in Sunnyvale a couple of years ago, where you were targeting about $40 million or so in annualized savings. And when that was done you never really actually did seem to see those levels of savings realized in the form of structurally higher gross margins. Im actually wondering is there anything different from the current fab consolidations versus Sunnyvale? If you could just kind of walk me through maybe where I guess the savings from the last one went and what might be different this time.
Jerald G. Fishman: Well, you know, theres a whole bunch of effects that happen when you close a fab. And you know it turned out right after we closed that fab of course business went down quite a bit. And where you really see the benefits of that is you know when you can load up your other fabs and you get rid of some structural costs. I think the difference is this time we have taken a real large slug of capacity out. These were fabs that had a lot more expense than the Sunnyvale fab which was a relatively low cost fab. And were already seeing the benefits of that as you know weve come into these consolidations at the right time in the cycle where were going to start increasing utilization.  So if we didnt think that we could get all the benefits of these fab closures or many of the benefits, I think we wouldnt be saying that we think we can get the gross margins up above 60% because there would be no way to do that. So I think our sense of where, as weve gone through all the details of the cost savings, how its going to play out for the next couple of quarters under the assumption that, you know, the world doesnt collapse on us, we have a pretty good bead on. And those analyses indicate the kind of gross margins that Dave has been talking about.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein:  But the Sunnyvale actually wasnt that small in terms of the cost, right? I mean I think youd said you were targeting $40 million then. Its $65 million this time so its not that different.
Jerald G. Fishman: So Im not sure what the question is.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein:  Like you said you thought this time the cost savings were much bigger than Sunnyvale and you were sort of offering that up as one reason along with I suppose the business falling off with Sunnyvale is one reason why those were never realized. But I would think even if the business was falling off, most of that $40 million as far as I know was supposed to be labor related, so I would have expected to see in [inaudible] higher margins even then.
Jerald G. Fishman: No, most of the $40 is not labor related. Theres a lot of equipment you take off line, theres a lot of, you know, generally in a fab about a third of the costs are labor and a third of the costs are overhead and a third of the costs are all the other direct costs of running the fab. So you know everyone should look at it the way theyre comfortable looking at it, but what I would look for is what happens with the gross margins. And if the gross margins go the way that Dave and I have been planning and talking about, then we will have gotten very substantial savings in these fab closures. And if it turns out that theyre not, either something went wrong pretty significantly or you know these are all illusory and you dont get any savings when you close a fab. My guess is when history is written, and you know the reason that were comfortable enough to talk about these kind of levels is you know weve gone through a tremendous amount of detailed planning and those are the numbers that come out of this plan.
Stacy Rasgon - Sanford Bernstein:  So out of the $65 million from these minus then was the $5 million was depreciation and the rest was other stuff, labor and operating expenses. Is that true?
David A. Zinsner: No, I think it was about $14 million that was depreciation of $65 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sumit Dhanda - B of A Merrill Lynch.
Sumit Dhanda - B of A Merrill Lynch: I had a couple questions, the consumer business doing particularly well. Its at a quarterly run rate now thats not too far from the peak you registered before the downturn started. Can you help us quantify whats really helping with the consumer MEMs design win, a big driver, and have you maxed out that opportunity or is there more to go there?
Jerald G. Fishman :  Well it was really a combination of things. You know the more standard, traditional consumer areas in cameras and other connectivity parts of the consumer business did very well. You know we do have some good design wins in the MEMs consumer area that ramped up last quarter. You know we think theres a lot of potential for that going forward. So I think its really a combination of all those things that led to that growth.
Sumit Dhanda - B of A Merrill Lynch:  And then on the Limerick facility, you know, you mentioned $5 to $7 million in benefits from savings in fiscal Q1 so when you annualize that number thats $20 to $28 million, so right in line with the $25 million you talked about, Dave. I guess my question is, is there more to come from that facility as you look into fiscal Q2? And if so, does that imply that the benefits from that restructuring are tracking ahead of what youd initially anticipated?
David A. Zinsner: Let me be clear. The $5 million of savings well see in Q1 is really associated with the Limerick consolidation, which is about a $40 million annualized savings. So were getting about half a quarters worth of savings on the Limerick consolidation in Q1. The Cambridge one just closed at the end of the fiscal year, so it takes a little while to digest the older inventory at the higher cost, so I wouldnt expect us to see any savings there until the back half of the year.
Sumit Dhanda - B of A Merrill Lynch:  And that would be the $25 million?
David A. Zinsner: That would be the $25 million of annualized savings, yes.
Sumit Dhanda - B of A Merrill Lynch: And then the last question I have is for you, Jerry. On the auto business, two straight quarters of very good growth, I think you said 37% in the October quarter, but entering the quarter you hadnt anticipated a pick up after the strong growth youd seen in July. You know, do you have any sense of whether this is, I know youre guiding this business flat, but given that youre back to a peak run rate do you think weve over stretched in terms of the recovery in that business? Or do you think theres organic growth left to be had in that business into 2010?
Jerald G. Fishman: Well I think one of the reasons were optimistic about that business in 2010 is the product cycle were in in that business. You know weve put a fair amount of money in R&D into that. I mentioned some of the product areas in my opening remarks that were having great success in. So I think, you know, if we were just thinking of the base line, you know given that you know all the clunker programs have sort of wound down, wed be more circumspect about the auto business next quarter or two. But our [inaudible] a very rich new product cycle in the auto business, which will counteract what probably were some one time events that went on in the automotive business in the last quarter or two.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Moniche Goyle]  Crest Investment.
[Moniche Goyle]  Crest Investment: Im curious about how to think about stock buyback in 2010.
Jerald G. Fishman: Well well have to just wait and see. You know we historically have had, you know, fairly aggressive buyback in different programs where we went out and started to accumulate a little more cash and a little more confident. We still dont have a lot of cash in the U.S. but anyhow well have to wait and see how that goes in conversations with our board.
[Moniche Goyle]  Crest Investment: So Jerry just if you can explain, what are the factors and considerations for having a buyback program?
Jerald G. Fishman: Well, it has a lot to do with just where our cash is, you know, which is still predominantly overseas, and our expectations about whats going to happen with the tax regulations relative to that going forward. And also our perspective where the business is headed and what the distribution of the cash were going to generate is likely to be for the year. So we review that with the board once a quarter and were going to review that with them again this quarter at our board meeting. And then well get a consolidated view of heres whats likely to happen and well decide what to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Am Tech.
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Am Tech: Is it possible for you guys to remind me when your annual and promotion costs kick in?
Jerald G. Fishman: Typically they kick in in our second quarter, but we havent decided what were doing about that this year yet.
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Am Tech:  And then, Jerry, just in a little bit bigger picture looking at you know your fab situation utilization arent really that different from others across the analog industry. And we hear from most companies utilizations 50, 60% level. Now that demand sort of seems to be more normalized, if thats a fair statement, you know I believe theres a good risk investors are [audio impairment] about the risk that we see increased [audio impairment] pressure. Can you comment on what you guys are seeing? Why you dont think, when demand comes back, you dont see this pressure to take on that mentality of fill the fab? And Ill have a follow up to that.
Jerald G. Fishman: Well I think for us who have been in the high end of the analog business, the real key is that so much of the product portfolio is not directly [copyable] I would say, so you know we didnt see a lot of pressure on the ASPs when business got poor. And even though most people are [audio impairment] loaded, you know the product [audio impairment] that we compete in with most of the high end analog companies are not those that we primarily compete on price on. So you know weve been through a lot of these cycles and we typically on the upside or the downside dont see a lot of price pressure. You know we of course have prices that are lower on the existing products each year than the year before. Thats very natural, particularly for larger customers.  But on the other hand you know our job is to come up with very innovative products where you dont have a lot of competition and where even though, you know, that our job really is to create solutions for customers that are great value without reducing the price. So I dont think thats going to change very much. We dont see movement on the ASPs very much in aggregate through the company in any of these cycles.
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Am Tech:  That leads me into sort of volume pricing agreements that tend to be in the communications end market. Were sort of at the point and time of year where those volume pricing agreements sort of get set and awards are offered. Any commentary on what type of year-over-year ASP erosion you saw on those?
Jerald G. Fishman: Well again, we tend to supply more and more integrated solutions to the customer base youre talking about so I mean I couldnt quote you a specific number. I mean when youre selling the same product as you sold last year, theres always price pressure, particularly in certain regions of the world. What weve got to do is A, weve got to continue the innovation thing and secondly, weve got to make sure our costs are going down faster than the prices are going down. And thats what weve been doing for many years and I think thats what we have to continue to do.
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Am Tech:  If we look at the coms market, it was really one of the better performing segments throughout the year. Have any of your communications customers given you an idea of what sort of their capital budgets are going to be for 2010, whether were going to see follow through and that segment sort of out performing?
Jerald G. Fishman: Well, from the conversations that weve had with the largest infrastructure customers, you know, in Europe, to some degree in the U.S. and certainly in China, you know Id say the feedback we get is theyre expecting 2010 to be a good year. You know its lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but I think in aggregate theyre enthusiastic about their prospects for the year and thats the sentiment theyve communicated to us.
Mindy Kohl:  Okay. Well, we appreciate your participation today and look forward to talking with all of you again during our first quarter 2010 conference call, scheduled for February 17, 2010. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes todays Analog Devices conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-08-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jerald Fishman  President & CEO David Zinsner  CFO Mindy Kohl  IR
Analysts:  Uche Orji - UBS Romit Shah - Barclays Capital Steve Smigie - Raymond James Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank David Wu  [TC Research] Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird Christopher Danely - JPMorgan Terence Whalen - Citigroup David Wong - Wells Fargo  Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities - ML Craig Ellis - Caris & Company Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley  
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Analog Devices fiscal third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Miss Kohl, you may begin your conference.
Mindy Kohl: Good afternoon everyone. This is Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations for Analog Devices. We really appreciate you joining us for today's call. If you have not yet seen our third quarter fiscal 2009 release, you can access it on the home page of our IR website at www.investor.analog.com.  This conference call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the web cast may be accessed by clicking on the microphone icon on the home page of our IR website. A recording of this conference call will be available today within about two hours of the calls completion and will remain available via phone and Internet playback for one week. This web cast will also be archived on our IR website.  Participating in todays call are Jerald Fishman, President and CEO, and David Zinsner, Vice President of Finance and CFO. During the first part of the call Jerald and David will present our third quarter results and our short-term outlook and then we will open it up for questions during the latter part of the call. During todays call, we will refer to several non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for one-time items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operations and business trends. We have included reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in todays earnings release, which is now posted on the IR website. Weve also updated the schedules on our IR website, which include the historical quarterly and annual summary P&Ls for continuing operations as well as historical quarterly and annual information for product revenue from continuing operations by end market and by product type.  Next, Id ask you to please note that the information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which include risks and uncertainties. The companys actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing.  Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those described in the companys SEC filings, including our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed this afternoon.  The forward-looking information that is provided by the company in this call represents the companys outlook as of today and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause the companys outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time sensitive information that may be accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, which is August 18, 2009. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jerald Fishman.
Jerald Fishman: Good afternoon and thanks for joining us on todays call. As you can see from the press release and the 10-Q, we had a very solid quarter with sequential revenue growth of 4% and earnings growth of about 22%.  These results were both ahead of our plan as orders were stronger then we predicted throughout the quarter. On a sequential basis revenues grew 28% in the consumer market, 21% in the automotive market and 3% in the industrial market.  Communications revenues declined 9% sequentially as we expected as our largest wireless infrastructure customers in Asia reduced their order levels to lower their inventories. Sales to handset customers increased during the quarter in line with all these market trends, our revenues were approximately flat in the US and Europe, up in Japan, and declined slightly in Asia, mostly as a result of Chinese infrastructure revenue declines.  Orders on ADI grew significantly in Q3, the result of a generally more positive outlook at most of our customers and also our distributors restocking after many quarters of reducing their inventory.  As a result our book to bill ratio was above one for the quarter and our backlog increased. Distributor orders on ADI were higher than orders from our end customers on our distributors which is typical in this phase of the business cycle where the distributors are restocking their shelves.  Overall our sense is that customers and distributors are more confident as they believe theyve seen the low point of the cycle and theyre now planning for some growth in the future. I think most importantly orders from our industrial customers increased sequentially for the first time in many quarters.  Given the importance of the industrial market to ADI weve now surveyed our largest industrial customers to better understand their expectations for the near-term future. Generally our most optimistic industrial customers are in Asia where growth prospects are the strongest and ADI is building a very significant industrial franchise that replicates our leadership position built over many years in the industrial markets in the United States and Europe. Overall most industrial customers across all the regions including the US and Europe believe that business has stabilized and they are planning for a continued gradual recovery later this year and into 2010. During Q3 our gross margins declined by about 100 basis points to 54.1% which was in line with the expectations given the somewhat lopsided mix of business that was atypical for the quarter. At this point in the cycle we believe weve now reached the trough for gross margins.  The industrial business is now beginning to grow and our inventory levels are now back in line with our model so utilization will begin to increase in our fourth quarter. As we said last quarter we believe were at the very beginnings of a fairly significant ramp in gross margins in 2010 and beyond.  Operating margins improved to 16% of sales. We continue to see the benefits of previous restructuring actions as operating expenses declined by an additional $4 million or approximately 2% sequentially representing now a cumulative decline of more than $53 million on a quarterly basis or 22% excluding restructuring costs since the end of the prior year period.  We believe that ADI is now in a very strong position, perhaps the strongest in our recent history. During the downturn we continue to invest significantly in new product development to further improve our portfolio and our competitive position.  At the same time we reduce our costs by over 20% a portion of which are permanent cost reductions. We believe that the third quarter as I said earlier marked the low point for our gross margins in the cycle and the tangible benefits of our margin improvement initiatives are just beginning to unfold.  We are planning to tightly manage operating expenses in this cycle so that our earnings can grow much faster then our revenues. As we finalize next years operating plan later this quarter well be able to provide more specific guidance regarding our financial goals for fiscal 2010 and we hope to do that, or be ready to talk about that by next quarters call.  So now Ill turn the podium over here to David who is going to review the financials in a bit more detail. 
David Zinsner : Thanks Jerald, as Jerald stated revenues were $492 million, a 4% increase from the prior quarter and a 25% decrease from the prior year. Orders increased this quarter and we closed the quarter with a book to bill that was above one.  Gross margins were 54.1% which was within our forecasted range of 54% to 55%. This was down from the 55.1% we reported in Q2 due to a greater mix of consumer and automotive revenue and less communications infrastructure revenue.  In addition factory utilization remained low at approximately 45% as we continued to focus on reducing inventory levels in the third quarter. Inventory on our balance sheet declined by $29 million this quarter and our days of inventory are now at 112.  We believe that third quarter gross margins represent a trough for this cycle and anticipate a gradual improvement in gross margins going forward as our product mix stabilizes to historical levels and we gradually begin to increase production levels.  We anticipate more significant increases in gross margins beginning in Q1 and continuing throughout the next fiscal year as we realize the benefits of the manufacturing consolidation and cost reductions that we executed this year.  Capital expenditures were approximately $5 million in Q3. We expect CapEx to be at or slightly below $55 million for the full year. Lower capital spending is the result of lower factory utilization and the outsourcing of advanced CMOS wafer production of higher volume products to Asia.  In the longer term we expect capital spending in future years to continue to be well below current depreciation levels which should create the opportunity for important gross margin expansion as depreciation approximates capital spending.  Operating expenses were $187 million, down $4 million excluding restructuring from the prior quarter and down $53 million from the prior year as were planning for operating expenses to remain under very tight control as business improves.  Other income was $1 million, down from $4 million the prior quarter primarily due to lower interest rates earned on invested cash balances and interest expense as a result of the issuance of $375 million of five year 5% coupon bonds in Q3. Next quarter we expect to have a full quarters effect of the borrowing and thus expect that other income and expense will swing to an expense of $1 million assuming current interest rates stay the same.  Our tax rate decreased to 18% this quarter as we adjusted our annual tax rate to 20% from the previously expected level of 21%. We expect our fourth quarter tax rate to be approximately 20%.  Weighted average shares outstanding were 293 million this quarter. We expect weighted average shares to increase to 296 million next quarter. Diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.22, compared to $0.44 in the year ago period and $0.18 in the immediate prior quarter.  Total cash and investments was $1.7 billion, up $439 million from $1.3 billion last quarter due in part to the $375 million bond issuance. Net cash after debt was approximately $1.3 billion. Cash flow from operations was $134 million or 27% of sales and we paid out $58 million in dividends during the third quarter.  Our AR balance increased slightly due to the increase in revenue however our DSO stayed relatively flat at 45 days and we have no customers that are late to their payment terms. In summary this was a good financial quarter for ADI. Most of the numbers came in better then our expectations. More importantly we have done a good job positioning the company for great leverage in the future. We have one [inaudible] consolidation behind us and we will begin to see the benefits of the savings from this in the first quarter of our next fiscal year.  The second consolidation is on track to be completed by the end of this fiscal year and we should begin to see the savings from this in the back half of fiscal year 2010. We expect these two consolidations combined will save the company approximately $65 million on an annualized basis.  Ultimately the combination of gross margin and expense leverage could produce significant operating leverage if revenues continue to increase in future quarters. As we stated on our last call our goal is to achieve margins equivalent to our peak margins at lower revenue levels then before, and higher margins at equivalent sales levels.  The actions that we have taken over the past few years to heighten our focus on more profitable and sustainable businesses and to put in place far greater expense discipline should be the catalyst to achieve these objectives as revenues increase.  Now Ill turn the call over the Jerald to discuss key end market trends and our short-term outlook. 
Jerald Fishman : The revenues from our broad base of industrial customers were approximately 50% of our revenues during the quarter but still down 29% year over year even though it was up 3% sequentially.  We were very pleased to see that orders and revenues from our factory automation and instrumentation customers increased in Q3 as these companies started to reverse the massive inventory de-stocking of the past year and at the margin are more enthusiastic about their prospects for next year.  And particularly automotive sales were very strong in Q3 driven by increased production rates of European car manufacturers. The revenues from automotive customers increased 21% sequentially although this is still 28% below our third quarter 2008 sales peak in automotive. In the third quarter sales of our battery monitoring, brake sensing, and automotive MEMS products all increased significantly and we won design ins with several hybrid and electric vehicle system suppliers.  Revenues from healthcare customers declined this quarter due to the ongoing capital spending constraints at hospitals in all regions of the world with the exception of China which experienced double-digit growth in healthcare sales for the second consecutive quarter.  Overall design in activity in healthcare customers continues at a very brisk pace and we expect revenues in this market to begin to recover in our fourth quarter. Revenues from defense customers also declined sequentially and year over year as programs were cut and delayed but here too we also believe that order rates in this market have now stabilized.  In the third quarter our revenues from communications customers were about 25% or 26% of total revenues, they were down 15% from last year and 9% sequentially. Communications infrastructure revenues decreased quarter to quarter with declines in sales of base station and optical products and an increase in sales of networking products.  With respect to base stations, revenues from our non-Chinese base station customers which still represents the largest portion of our base station business were approximately flat sequentially. This was more then offset on the negative side by the sequential decrease in revenues from our Chinese base station customers who slowed their spending in Q3 as we expected making inventory corrections following accelerated buying for those customers in the first half of our fiscal year.  In total our base station revenues are now expected to improve in Q4 with the strongest improvement at Chinese customers who have now normalized their inventory of ADI products. In addition trends such as network management outsourcing, the transition to mobile data in developing regions and the progressive rollout of the more data centric 3G and 4G standards should serve as critical growth drivers for our communications infrastructure business in the future.  During Q3 revenues from our handset customers increased sequentially as a result of strong demand for our imaging, auto, RF, power management, and high speed internet connect products to market leading customers. We expect the revenues from this market to continue to increase in Q4 albeit at a somewhat slower rate then Q3.  The revenues from the consumer end market were 21% of revenues but down 21% year over year but up 28% sequentially from the second quarter. The declines in the consumer end market we experienced in the first half of the year were at least partially driven by inventory depletion which now appears to be behind us.  As a result our consumer revenues have now moved closer to end consumption with sales increasing for the second consecutive quarter albeit at a much more significant rate in Q3 then in Q2. Also contributing to our growth in the consumer market in Q3 were an increase in sales of our analog front ends and cameras, HDMI products, and MEMS solutions into consumer related products.  Revenues from our computer customers which are now a diminimous portion of our sales, less then 2% declined both year over year and sequentially. As weve mentioned in previous quarters weve significantly reduced or eliminated investments in application specific products for computers given what we see as a very limited opportunity for high performance signal processing in the computer market.  So now well turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter, for our fourth quarter were planning for our revenues to grow to a range of $510 to $530 million. Thats a sequential increase of between 4% and 8%. This plan is based on assumptions that consumer revenues will grow seasonally as is typical in our Q4, industrial revenues will gradually increase again and our communications infrastructure sales will increase from Q3 levels.  We expect increases in sales from both OEM and also from distributor customers. Its very important to note that at ADI we dont get any revenue increases from distributor restocking orders since we only record revenues when our products are sold to end customers, [inaudible] were 100% on sell through and thats true for ADI both domestically and internationally.  We believe thats a more intelligent and stable way to recognize revenue then to recognize revenue when distributor move their inventories up and down. We are planning for our gross margins to be approximately 55% in line with our plans for a small increase in factory utilization and still lower days of inventory that were planning for Q4. As we mentioned earlier our goal is to continue to maintain very disciplined control of all our operating expenses and as a result were planning for only a very slight increase of 1% to 2% in the fourth quarter.  This would produce earnings from our continuing operations in the range of $0.24 to $0.26 in Q4. We expect operating cash flow to again be very strong in the quarter in line with higher revenues, higher gross margins, tight expense control, tight inventory control, and continued very low capital spending.  So I would say in conclusion were more optimistic then we were last quarter. There is increasing evidence that our business has stabilized. Importantly we have and will continue to leverage this cycle to fundamentally realign ADIs product portfolio and cost structure to become a much more competitive company, without damaging the innovation engine that has been the heart of our success for many years. Throughout this recent downturn we continue to invest very heavily in new technology to ensure our future growth rates. For example during the past four quarters alone weve introduced well over 300 new products which is a recent record for ADI. Moreover our design pipeline is up significantly, a testament to the fact that despite all of the economic uncertainty around the world, innovation and technology and at ADI continues.  This combined with the very significant leverage thats now inherent in our business model should bode very well for ADI for our customers and also for our shareholders as conditions continue to improve.  So with that well open up the lines for questions from any analysts. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Uche Orji - UBS
Uche Orji - UBS: Let me ask you with the comments youre giving by how much do you think utilization rates will go up next quarter and when should we expect that to naturally start to impact gross margins, so if we look a little bit further down the line, am Im not trying to ask you to give me a definite guidance because many things can effect the January quarter, but if utilization rate rises in the current quarter should we expect that impact gross margin in the following quarter. 
David Zinsner : The utilization is going to go up by a couple of points next quarter and that will impact gross margins thats one of the reasons why were guiding up about 90 basis points or so. Our expectation is that utilization start to pick up, it obviously depends on how the market performs over the next several quarters but if it continues to go up and to the right, our expectation is that we would start to bring utilization up during that time. Were now at a point in terms of inventory where we kind of like where the days of inventory are. We think inventory days will be down a few more days but were at a point now where I think we can start to tick up utilization. Now might be a good time to go into gross margins because thats kind of the corollary with utilization. Our expectation is given our mix profile on a long-term basis we really believe that we can get our gross margin into the low 60s. We have obviously a number of tailwinds that are going to impact gross margins going forward as I talked about our limerick six inch line is for the most part now closed. Thats $25 million of annualized savings and that will start impacting the P&L in the first quarter of next year. We have about $40 million of savings coming from the closure of Cambridge which will come to completion at the end of this fiscal year and once we get through the old inventory in the first half of the year by sometime in the second half of the year well start to see the annualized benefit of that.  On top of that we have really have done an outstanding job on capital spending. Our capital spending this year will be $55 million. A couple of years ago I think it was running in the $150 million range. We really see now given our model what we think well use internally versus externally that really somewhere in the $50 to $60 million of capital spending per year is really the go forward model for us.  Our depreciation right now is running I think this quarter on an annualized basis is running somewhere between $120 and $130 million. So eventually that depreciation on an annualized basis will move from $120 to $130 a year to somewhere in the $50 to $60 million over the next several years. Thats going to have a definite tailwind to gross margin and immediately will have a very good benefit on our free cash flow.
Uche Orji - UBS: If I look at the Chinese business that you talked about on the base station side, first of all do you think you were disproportionately impacted with regards to the inventory [inaudible] correction and obviously demand has come back, do you think that the demand youre seeing now is more in line with their consumption and if you look for that down, given what you know with that marketplace do you think that, what is your sense as to when we might experience it slip again, or do you think from here it should be stable for a little bit longer. 
Jerald Fishman : The largest part of our base station business as I said in my earlier comments over 50% is not in China and that part has been relatively stable and we expect it to be stable going forward. The Chinese part as you might remember from the first and second quarter that was sort of keeping us alive when the world was coming unglued in the first and second quarter.  And what really happened over there and I think its been well publicized and written about is the Chinese companies were really gearing up pretty hard and didnt want to be out of inventory so it looks like they built some good sized inventory in the first and second quarter and so they bought more then they consumed during that quarter and I think thats a result, the reason why theres been so much chatter in the marketplace about whats going on there is they just have too much inventory. And I think everybody who is supplying to them, some people will take it all in one quarter, some will take it over a couple of quarters, but I think they just cut back on inventory across the board as far as we could see. We expect that in our fourth quarter coming up the Chinese market is going to recover from us from where it was in this quarter and we expect in Q4 thats going to go up again. So our sense is thats an important business for us. Its one of the higher margin businesses that we have. We have great customers, we have very strong position on our analog products in that business that our market share is extremely high and thats going to be a very good business for us going forward.  It did cost us a bunch of sales this quarter relative to the quarter before and certainly that put pressure on the margins a little bit but theres every reason to expect thats going to continue to be a very important business once its inventory correction. And I think for analog its just going to be one quarter correction given the way that its flowing at least from the forecast that we now have from the large Chinese customers for the quarter and the first quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah - Barclays Capital
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: Just a question again on utilization given that inventories will probably drop down below 110 days, thats at the low end of where theyve been historically and so given that and the fact that your customers and distributors are feeling better about their business, why are we not raising production levels more aggressively. 
Jerald Fishman : Well because we dont think we need to. What were trying to do in analog now is theres a bunch of different factors. One is we dont want the lead times to extend so we want to make sure we have enough inventory but I think we have, we believe we can run the business with less inventory then we used to. So I think its a balancing act and we are going to turn it up a little this quarter and were going to watch it through the quarter and then well see what happens and if it turns out that the order rates continue to improve at the rates theyve been its possible well turn it up a little bit faster. And certainly it depends on the mix of products, how many of those are internal.  It really depends on what happens with the industrial business. If it turns out all the increases we see in other businesses then thats not going to help our utilization but thats not what we expect. We expect a couple of percent up again in the industrial business next quarter and were going to set the capacities to follow that trend. And like I said if it turns out its better then that, we hope it is, well turn it up a little harder. 
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: Your guidance for the industrial business in Q4 include automotive. 
Jerald Fishman : Yes, but it also includes non-automotive which I think, we saw a large increase last quarter in automotive. I dont expect well see another very large increase, I think it was up like 20% plus last quarter so I think a more significant part of the increase in our industrial sales will be more of our traditional industrial products, instrumentation, process control, even were expecting an increase in medical stuff. So thats more the traditional stuff that we really lopsided this quarter on the automotive side but I dont think thats going to continue. 
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: And that strengthened the core industrial business, I know you service a lot of customers there but to the best of your ability are we seeing evidence of real end demand improving or is it just an abatement of inventory reduction. 
Jerald Fishman : Well certainly the inventory abatement is clear. When you talk to those customers you hear that all the time. I think it varies from customer to customer. There are some customers that are saying well its stable, there are others that are saying, at the margin theyre seeing some improvements.  Now the ones that are talking the most about improvement I would say are in Asia compared to the US but I think overall its a mixture of those two, the more tangible part of that is certainly the fact their inventory levels got down pretty low but I think theres another part of it that says that people are sniffing around and beginning to buy a little bit more and theyre more optimistic.  I dont think theyve seen that in terms of their sales yet but I believe from the comments weve gotten theyre seeing that in terms of their communications with their customers and its very interesting with many of those customers, whereas a quarter or two ago they couldnt get rid of inventory fast enough.  With many of those customers now, they are now concerned that with the more confident view some of their customers have about the future that their inventories are too low. So well have to see how that comes out over the next quarter or two but thats the reason why were being a little bit cautious and believe me it would be very easy to ramp the fabs and put another couple hundred basis points of gross margin on next quarter.  The temptation to do that is great, I can assure you. But I dont think quite yet its the right time to do that. And particularly because of some of the comments and concerns that youre expressing. 
Romit Shah - Barclays Capital: This year has been very unseasonal but is the January quarter normally a growth quarter for ADI. 
Jerald Fishman : It all depends. What happens in the typical quarter is that the consumer business starts to contract in first quarter because they bought everything theyre going to buy in our fourth quarter and the industrial business its a question of how much vacations people take or not. So typically the first quarter is not a very strong quarter for us but this year is very atypical.  And David and I have these conversations all the time. I think the next couple of quarters are going to be much more related to secular trends then seasonal trends and I would expect Q1 is going to be the same way this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie - Raymond James
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on the amplifier business, that business seemed a little bit softer in the quarter and then also just generally on converters that seemed fairly strong.
Jerald Fishman : Well that had to do with which market segments are really moving one way or the other. In the converter business we sell a lot of converters into the consumer business. We sell converters into cameras and a bunch of other products in the consumer area so that tends, given the growth rate of the consumer business that tends to drive that a little bit.  On the amplifier side as best as we can sort that out for the quarter it seems like most of that was declines in our base station business where we sell a lot of amplifiers. But the base line is relatively stable so if the margin, these couple of percent increases or decreases per quarter seem to be more relevant to which market segment is growing then anything to do with the products.  Those products sell into every market segment, some more so then others. So thats much more determinant of what happens on a quarter to quarter basis. In the long-term of course the strength of the product group is important but in the short-term it mostly related to the segments.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: And then in terms of the new products you discussed earlier in the call, is there any particular weighting within those new products towards converters versus other products, help us think about where the growth there is maybe by product going forward. 
Jerald Fishman : Theyre all over the place. Over the last couple of quarters weve introduced a very large amount of power management products after investing in that business for quite a while, but on the other hand we introduced a lot of converters. Thats our most important business. A lot of amplifiers, a lot of new MEMS products, its really pretty much across the board. Its not anyplace that is really sure.  The only place where weve really not had any new products is as I mentioned in the computer space for application specific computer products. Were not introducing too many of those. And of course weve decreased our investments in other businesses over the last couple of years.  So I think its pretty much across the board of the businesses that are still today strategically relevant to us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Given the mix dynamic impacting gross margins can you give us an idea of the range of gross margins within your end market segments. 
Jerald Fishman : I would say that they, if I look at the, I can only talk about standard gross margins right now but Id say the range is low 50s to high 70s or low 80s. We dont have any segment where the standard gross margins are below 50. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank:  And the hierarchy is about the same between those four segments if you could just list those again. 
Jerald Fishman : Well in the base station business its extremely high. The industrial business is extremely high. The military business is extremely high and that cost us a little last quarter because military sales were down quite a bit last quarter for us. The consumer business is on the low end of that spectrum as is the automotive business.  And everything else is somewhere in between. So I think the important takeaway about this quarter is I dont think theres any fundamental shift in what the mix is going to be of our products. There are unusually strong bounce back in consumer and automotive mostly because they were down so low. Theyve seen the biggest decreases but I think over time we believe our revenue mix is stable and this quarter it was sort of lopsided. We had the highest margin business go the wrong way by quite a bit, the lowest margin businesses go higher by quite a bit even though those lower margin businesses are better then the gross margin that many people would love to have in this business. So thats the mix. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: And if I look at the internally produced wafers versus where you use foundry can you update us on what percentage of those are today and where you think that can go over the next year or so. 
David Zinsner : Theyre roughly 50/50 today give or take. I think the expectation is that over time industrial will become a bigger mix of our business again and if thats the case then obviously utilization internally will start to ramp up. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: On the OpEx side of things, last quarter I think you talked about what percentage of the cuts were temporary versus permanent can you just walk us through if we should be on the look out for any of those temporary cost cuts reversing themselves. 
David Zinsner : Actually some of the temporary is phasing back in this quarter and in fact were actually finding some offsets to that which is why the expenses are only going up by about a percent or two. Were down roughly from peak to trough about $53 million and just a little over $20 million was related to bonuses and shut down expenses, forced time off for our employees.  A lot of that stuff is, a fair amount of that is phasing back in next quarter. I dont even think thats a great way to look at our OpEx. I mean really what were doing is trying to manage our OpEx going forward to where we really constrain it over time regardless of what sort of temporary expenses might come back in.  This quarter well start to formulate our plan, our five year plan plus build the first year of that into a budget and I can tell you that Jerald and the team are very, very focused on making sure that OpEx stays in very, very tight control so that as revenue starts to ramp, as gross margins start to come back, we should start to see really, really nice leverage to the bottom line. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wu  [TC Research]
David Wu  [TC Research]: I got a question on gross margins, if your mix were normal and we get back some time in the second half of fiscal 2010 lets say a $600 million quarter rate, what should I expect in terms of gross margin, the effect of all the consolidation would have been in place and your industrial would be back to normal, should we think about high 50s at $600 million run rate or even 60%. 
David Zinsner : Thats part of what I was saying before, our expectation is given our, if our mix is consistent with what its been in the past which we believe it will over time, given the amount of other tailwinds weve got in terms of fab consolidations and the depreciation rolling off, that we really should be in the low 60s. 
David Wu  [TC Research]: At $600 million a quarter. 
David Zinsner : In that general vicinity. Obviously the mix plays some part of it. But yes. 
David Wu  [TC Research]: So its the mix that is much more important then absolute dollar revenue. 
David Zinsner : Well I think where we are today at 54%, the real issue is getting our fab back in line, getting utilization up and really its a function of the industrial business coming back. Id say thats the bigger driver. I guess that is mix in and of itself. 
Jerald Fishman : Its also revenue growth. If everything just keeps down, but the mix shifts around, its not going to help us much more in the industrial business. So to some degree its dependent on the absolute dollars or revenues on the industrial and some other market segments that we build internally as compared to where to we build externally. 
David Wu  [TC Research]: The other thing I was wondering is in terms of OpEx I assume that this is, next fiscal year will be one of the years where we can have a three or four [weeks] difference between revenue growth and expense growth, if revenue growth will be up double-digit, low single-digit. If we have double-digit revenue growth for your business next fiscal year, should I think about your OpEx as up only low single-digit to support a double-digit top line growth. 
Jerald Fishman : Well give you a little more sense of that when we put our plan together, but certainly as David and I are thinking about this thing were thinking of serious constraints on the OpEx next year independent of the revenues. So well give you a little more guidance on that when we close the plans. Were a little loathe to make a statement on that before we have a plan behind it but I can just give you what in my and David said, as we start putting together the objectives for the company for next year. 
David Wu  [TC Research]: Tax rate will be about 20% next year also roughly. 
David Zinsner : Yes, in that range. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: My question was on lead times you had alluded I think during the call that the goal is not to have lead times stretch out, I was just curious if you have seen any change in your lead times yet. 
Jerald Fishman : Not really, a couple of little things here and there but no, Id say our lead times have been about what they were last quarter. Theyre very short. 
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: More on the administrative side, in terms of your interest and other expense you talked about it being an expense in Q4, how should we think about it in fiscal 2010. Do you expect to start generating interest income as we head into next year. 
Jerald Fishman : Can you tell us what the interest rates are going to be? We got a lot of net cash. So the way to think about it is it really depends on we have that money very conservatively invested. Thats the bad news. The good news is we havent lost any of it which is the real goal and so I think it really depends on interest rates. If short-term rates or secure rates begin to move up, well do better.  If they stay at approximately zero probably not. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: Based on your order visibility do you expect the October quarter to be front end loaded or back end loaded from a shipment standpoint. 
Jerald Fishman : I think it will be about linear, most of our quarters are, and theres no reason to think this quarter will be much different then that. The backlog is good starting out. The first couple of weeks in August looked pretty good so I would expect it will be relatively linear. 
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird: And then regarding your utilization rates and I understand that youre still ramping capacity this quarter, its less then the end demand as you reduce slightly inventories, but were still a little bit less than 50%, end demand is picking up now but lets assume that there is weakness again next year, what room do you have for additional potential cuts in output versus what youve done so far in terms of consolidation. 
Jerald Fishman : I think theres always new things that I dont want to speculate on hypotheticals here, but I think what weve demonstrated is that when the revenues went down 20%, 25% we dropped the OpEx by similar amounts and I think were sort of committed to those kind of things so well respond if we have to in a way thats responsible just like we did in this cycle. And as I look at it and see what weve been able to do during this cycle in terms of getting the costs down, I think we did a pretty good job of that and people in the company did a pretty good job of that.  And I think we did a better job then historically weve been known to do as the cycles have gone down. So I think well have to wait and see how that turns out. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Danely - JPMorgan
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: Can you just give us your sense on how you see the end markets progressing going forward here. Do you think that were done with the inventory restocking and consumer and now were going to start in industrial, or just how you expect the recovery to play out now that weve bottomed. 
Jerald Fishman : I think theres still more restocking to go on in the industrial business because I think we commented on this last time that our sales into the industrial market were down 30 some odd percent and our customers business wasnt down 30 some odd percent. So I think that theres probably some more to go in the industrial business and it seems like in the consumer business the inventory levels were okay and now in the communication infrastructure business the inventory levels seem to be okay.  I think in the industrial market of course the recovery has lagged those markets a little bit so were hoping that continues and we can get back to more rational levels of production for the industrial customers over the next couple of quarters. But well have to wait and see how that really turns out. 
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: And so I guess you think that industrial wont be sort of this one quarter of pop, it will be more spread out over the next couple of quarters. 
Jerald Fishman : Thats my belief because the, were still operating at numbers that are well, well, well below where we were four quarters ago. And were enthusiastic that weve seen the beginnings of a recovery but we havent seen a lot of it yet and our hope is that continues for the next couple of quarters but I think it will be more gradual then say the recovery in consumer or automotive, yes.  Thats what I believe.
Christopher Danely - JPMorgan: When you talk to the distributors how is there behavior these days. Are they ready to start restocking a little bit of certain products yet or do you still see them looking to take down inventory.
Jerald Fishman : No, I think this was the first quarter if Im correct about this, correct me if Im wrong, where distributor inventory didnt go down. 
David Zinsner :  It was down just a hair.
Jerald Fishman : Just a little bit, gone down quite a bit before, and so I think at the margin they seem to be as much concerned that theyre going to miss the next cycle on the upside as theyre going to wind up with too much inventory on the down side. So I think distributor are going to demonstrate the usual patterns of they want to be on the right of the cycle and I sense that theyre trying to get on the right side of the cycle being that they expect some growth coming up in the next couple of quarters. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen - Citigroup
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: I think a lot of the blocking and tackling has already been done, if I could revisit the topic of gross margin not with regard to the October quarter but to the January quarter, it sounds like we could get an increase in utilization as sort of maybe consumer begins to pull back in the January quarter and as industrial begins to build in the first half if Im to think about the levers between utilization and mix and I know they are correlated, which is going to be the dominant driver to drive gross margin and I think it might have been Jerald, you had said we could get it up a couple of points and I think David you earlier said its going to increase at a faster rate then the 90 bps in October, can you just put those together and help me understand that a little bit better. 
David Zinsner : I think its tough to say, I mean really theyre almost so correlated together. When industrial mix improves it also improves our utilization which thus improves our gross margin so industrial is a pretty big component of our gross margin and I think Jerald is right in that I dont know that seasonality is a really big component but if you believe that were in the beginning of a recovery in industrial and industrial starts to improve again in the first quarter then well clearly see gross margin improvement in the first quarter.
Jerald Fishman : Plus we have some tailwinds in some of the restructuring things that David talked about which ought to start to appear some time in first or second quarter so were more optimistic about the gross margin then weve been in a while because some of these improvements were already dialed in and theyre going to happen unless the world falls off the cliff completely and others are going to be dependent on the mix and the industrial business, better utilization but others are going, these are serious cost reductions and serious consolidations that weve done and the capital spending, when youre spending what were spending now eventually it starts matching depreciation. So I dont know, we have a lot of tailwinds on this thing and I dont think we have many headwinds on the gross margin because I think the mix is going to revert back to the historical mix of the company. Theres no reason to believe it going to get lopsided towards consumer or automotive which carries somewhat lower gross margin.  So I think when you add it all up, the 10,000 products and 100,000 customers we sell to we think the mix is going to be about the same when its all said and done. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: Related to that, can you talk a little bit about the consumer business, its not a business I have great visibility into. I typically think of things like digital still cameras, and things like home audio and video can you just revisit that segment again and is that a segment that would decline just naturally with seasonality in January or would that be April.
Jerald Fishman : Yes, typically what happens is in the consumer business customers order up which is why our fourth quarter is usually reasonably good consumer quarter before the holidays and then all of a sudden it comes the first quarter and they realized either they sold not enough or too many and make adjustments. Then the Chinese New Year comes in February and so Id say our fourth quarter is probably going to be our peak consumer quarter as a percentage of revenues.  At least thats our planning assumption going forward. 
Terence Whalen - Citigroup: And then granularity on the revenues, if you could help us with that a little bit just to get a feel for what applications are really driving growth there. 
Jerald Fishman : Well certainly for many years weve had a very strong position in the camera business, weve developed strong positions in segments of the high definition TV business, not so much related to the signal processing, the big digital processors which we dont do, but a lot of the peripheral functions that are in TVs, HDMI and other things.  We have a MEMS business which has a consumer content of it. Were starting to build microphones for consumer products and those look like theyre going to be very successful products. We have a lot of audio, very high end audio products into the consumer mix so what we try to do in the consumer business is focus on the application where what we do really changes the sight, the sound or the experience and not spend much resources focusing on things that rapidly commoditize and therefore have impaired gross margin forever. We have a lot of rules we are putting in place in analog about what kind of consumer applications were after and our sense increasingly is the way you see the quality of the technology in consumer products is, you look at the gross margin and if people arent willing to pay anything for it it may be great stuff, but its not worth much. So if it makes a big difference to the customer, if they can get more money for it in their end product, then those are good applications and if theyre not, theyre not very useful for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wong - Wells Fargo 
David Wong - Wells Fargo : You mentioned just now that you were somewhat less interested in the computer end market can you tell us what segments both in terms of product type converters or so on or the end market you are particularly interested in in channeling your R&D dollars.
Jerald Fishman : Well certainly the industrial market has been a goldmine for analog for many years. Its highly fragmented. Theres thousands and thousands of customers lifecycles are long, the margins are high, its sort of like a perfect business school example of a great business to be in. We have a brand that sells the products, customers call us first, thats a great business and if we let the R&D drift away from that business wed be total fools in my opinion.  The communication segments of the communications business have been very, very good businesses for us. The base station business certainly many other parts of communication infrastructure have been good businesses for us. Even though weve withdrawn from the base band processor in the handsets, many of the smart phones and other things have a lot of good analog functionality attached to them.  Youve probably seen it if you use those phones. We get paid for that functionality in the higher end phones. And of course many high end consumer products are very, theyre bundles of signal processing technology that impact sound, what you hear and so on. So I think we looked at the computer market a year or two ago and said, the rate of commoditization is high, we sold the business that was building power management products for PCs. We just didnt see where the value of that was for analog devices and we just look inside a personal computer today and we just dont see a lot of functions where our products can really make a consumer buy a particular PC or not and our experience is if you cant say that then its not very valuable business for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: I had a question on the industrial and auto so you said that I know auto was up tremendously in the quarter, you said it was driven in part by a strength in Europe, I note that though Europe itself was still flat, North America was down, is it fair to say that industrial was all in the US and Europe was actually down in the quarter. 
Jerald Fishman : I dont think so, I think they were about flat. So there were obviously some other things there. The automotive business in Europe isnt all that large that it carries a huge amount of weight on the revenues so our automotive sales are 7% or 8% of our total sales and so I dont think those numbers are determinant to the total right now. 
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: And it sounds like recently youre hearing more positive feedback in the industrial is coming out of Asia are you hearing anything positive at all coming out of North America and Europe because I would assume that the bulk of your industrial sales are still in the US and in Europe.
Jerald Fishman : Yes they are. And thats changing but its going to take awhile for them for equal whats going on in the US and Europe given the position that we have. I think as weve talked to US and European customers theyre at the margin more optimistic, theyre cautious. I think their optimism is more from what I heard personally more related to 2010 then 2009, at least our 2010 which begins in November. So I think that business is going to come back. The US industrial world is under pressure but its not under the kind of pressure that weve seen in our orders from industrial customers. The US isnt completely dead yet although well have to see how all the policies and practices that people are talking about actually impacts US industrial companies but I think at the margin you hear from most of the customers and you guys listen to the reports of those customers, at the margin theyre a little bit more optimistic.  And I think weve seen these cycles before and this one certainly is a lot worse then others but these things come back and it takes a while and the industrial market always comes back a little slower then some of the more faster moving markets like handsets and PCs and so on, but its going to come back, its just going to come back more gradually then other markets. 
Stacy Rasgon  Sanford Bernstein: On the strength that youre seeing in industrial in Asia how much do you think of that is being driven by a government stimulus spending and how sustainable do you think it actually is
Jerald Fishman : I think some of it clearly is, but our industrial sales in China were growing at a pretty good clip before anyone decided to put more money into it. Thats a franchise that if it was just stimulus we wouldnt see much because the design cycles of some of those products can be two or three years so our sense is yes, thats helping at the margin a little bit.  But its a base of business that weve been building for the last two or three years well before stimulus became fashionable. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities - ML
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities - ML: Just a question on your utilization rates, are you actually taking a period charge given the low levels of utilization and does that persist and if you could quantify that charge if there is one.  
David Zinsner :  Were certainly under absorbing our expenses within our manufacturing. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities - ML: I guess the question was but are you expensing that as a period charge in the same quarter as opposed to the impact of the under absorption flowing through the
David Zinsner : No, all this kind of works its way through inventory. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities - ML: Any more thoughts on the convert which occurred I guess during the course of the July quarter, meaning in terms of strategically whats the thought process behind it. 
Jerald Fishman : We did a straight debt financing for $375 million and thats a five year fixed note. We wound up swapping it for floating rate given all the cash we have so if interest rates go up we have plenty of cash, we have plenty of interest were going to get on the other side. The thought with that was actually very simple, it was that a large part of our cash balance are offshore. We dont really want to bring it back right now.  And we were relatively committed to the US dividend so we just wanted to build a little more cushion in to whatever happens that we dont have to think about that and that was why we did it. We wound up with an A credit, we wound up being able to borrow money at very low rates very quickly I would say.  And there was a lot of competition for those bonds which is why the pricing came out where it did. It was more of an insurance policy then anything else given that the world is a very uncertain place. And it became available and the rates looked good and the demand was very high. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis - Caris & Company
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Just to follow-up on the operating expense issue, you have done a very good job bringing down OpEx structurally and I know you dont want to give particular guidance for the first quarter of next year, or next year specifically, but as you look at the operating expense structure that you now have do you continue to see opportunity for structural improvement or with the work that youve done this year have you really exhausted the opportunities that you think exist in the model.
Jerald Fishman : No I think theres more opportunities. I think where David and I have come out on this thing together is that we went into this cycle with the operating expenses too high in the company even at the revenue levels when they were $650 million a quarter. So weve been banging on this whole question pretty hard for the better part of a year and a half, two years. Some of that is getting out of businesses where the OpEx ratios were absurd relative to the returns.  Other parts of it were just tightening up a lot of things around the company. I think those, what were communicating around Analog is thats not a one time thing that you only do when business is bad, we believe we have a lot of OpEx leverage in this company that we can get with tenacity and we understand the implications of getting that leverage on what our stock is worth ultimately so were going to work hard to get that leverage. And weve done some things, theres more to do. Theres lots of different things we can to do tighten up the expense structure of the company. We continuously look at businesses more critically for those that are either because the competition has changed, the market structure has changed, some cases we didnt get the products out in time, products arent any good, to look at these businesses very often and say is this still meeting our strategic content or the intent for getting into those businesses to begin with.  Theres lots of ways to tighten up the R&D process in the company, selling process, the administrative processes in the company, and were continuously working on all of those. We havent called the dogs off yet and I dont expect we will next year either. 
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Yes, keep the dogs going at it. 
Jerald Fishman : Weve got a lot of big dogs barking at us on the operating expenses. 
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Relatedly when you shut down the two fabs is there any incremental savings in the middle of the income statement or does it all flow into COGS.
David Zinsner :  Id say most of it falls into COGS. There is a little bit within the IT and R&D function that does come out too, but its relatively small. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley: The impact, when you shut down a factory is the impact to gross margin purely a function of the cost savings that you discussed or are there puts and takes incrementally either positive or negative associated with ramping production of new products at the new factory, either improving yields or yield hiccups as youre ramping the new product.
Jerald Fishman : Our experience has been when you start ramping down a fab and ramping it up at a location as you wind up with cost increases in the interim because the yield, people stop focusing on it, these arent large numbers but I think at the margin it costs you a little bit of margin while youre doing it, but once you do it and youre done, and you got a group of people that are now focused on yield improvement on those products in the location where the products are actually going to be built, you see a very rapid turnaround.  At least thats been our experience in doing these things before. 
Mark Lipacis - Morgan Stanley:  With the inventory days coming down I have to believe that the effective lead times nudged up a little bit and the question for you is in your experience is extending lead times translate to double ordering on a linear basis, for example if the lead times go up theres more propensity for customers distributors to double order or is it more like a step function, say you hit lead times of 10, 12, 14, 16 weeks or something like that and then at some magical threshold you get a step function and double ordering. 
Jerald Fishman : I think it winds up being more of a step function then you think because its not based on the lead time for this product went from four weeks to five weeks or three weeks to four weeks. Its based on a general fear that develops in the industry when they hear of shortages and that fear in the internet age usually you see within a period of one or two months.  Certainly we saw the inverse fear when the world collapsed on us that within a very, very short period of time, everybody panicked and stopped ordering everything and so I think there are trigger points on that. It doesnt happen every place at the same time but the response to the markets to perceive shortages is usually quite rapid in my experience.  But I dont think were seeing that. At least for our type of products I dont think any of our competitors that really stretched out the lead times, I dont think theres any, I dont get any calls from customers worrying about this or so, I think at the margin lead times are under pretty good control. At least at this point. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Mindy Kohl: Wed just like to thank everyone for your participation today. We really appreciate you joining us and we look forward to talking with all of you again when we report our fourth quarter and fiscal year end results on Monday, November 23, 2009 after the market closes. Thank you very much and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-05-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mindy Kohl  Investor Relations Jerald G. Fishman  President & Chief Executive Officer David A. Zinsner  President of Finance & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities John Barton - Cowen & Company Steven Smigie - Raymond James Uche Orji  UBS Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan Craig Ellis - Caris & Company David Wu - Global Crown Capital Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Amtech Terence Whalen  Citigroup Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Analog Devices fiscal second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Miss Kohl, you may begin your conference.
Mindy Kohl: Good afternoon everyone. This is Mindy Kohl, Director of Investor Relations for Analog Devices. We appreciate you joining us for today's call. If you have not yet seen our second quarter fiscal 2009 release, you can access it by visiting our website at www.analog.com and clicking on the headline on the home page. This conference call is also being broadcast live on the Internet. From analog.com, select Investor Relations and follow the instructions shown next to the microphone icon. A recording of this call will be available today within about two hours of the calls completion and will remain available via phone and Internet playback for one week. This webcast will also be archived on our IR website.  Participating in todays call are Jerry Fishman, President and CEO, and Dave Zinsner, Vice President of Finance and CFO. During the first part of the call Jerry and Dave will present our second quarter results and our short-term outlook and then we will open it up for questions.   During todays call, we will refer to several non-GAAP financial measures that have been adjusted for one-time items in order to provide investors with useful information regarding our results of operations and business trends. We have included reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in todays earnings release, which is now posted on the IR website. Weve also updated the schedules on our IR website, which include the historical quarterly and annual summary P&Ls for continuing operations as well as historical quarterly and annual information for product revenue from continuing operations by end market and by product type.  Next, Id ask you to please note that the information we are about to discuss includes forward-looking statements, which include risks and uncertainties. The companys actual results could differ materially from those we will be discussing. Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those described in the companys SEC filings, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed this afternoon. The forward-looking information that is provided by the company in this call represents the companys outlook as of today and we do not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made by us. Subsequent events and developments may cause the companys outlook to change. Therefore, this conference call will include time sensitive information that maybe accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, which is May 19, 2009. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jerry for opening remarks.
Jerald G. Fishman: Good afternoon to everybody and thanks for joining us on today's call. As you can see from the press release we put out this afternoon and also our 10-Q, our Q2 revenues and profits were both well above the expectations that we communicated last quarter, as business levels stabilized and our cost reduction actions were more aggressive than originally thought in response to continuing economic uncertainty that still exists today. Revenues for our second quarter were approximately flat to Q1 levels and earnings per share increased sequentially by 17% excluding restructuring charges. On a sequential basis operating expenses, also excluding restructuring charges, declined by 8% sequentially and are now down 20%, or $48.0 million in total, over the past two quarters. Although the economic environment remains very challenging, we are encouraged by the continuing stability of our bookings activity over the past three months. We have also been given the very general sense from many of our customers that their incoming business levels have stabilized and their inventories have now reached satisfactory levels after two quarters of, in some cases, very significant declines. For the second quarter our revenues were $475.0 million, which was down 27% from the prior year and about flat to last quarter. In aggregate, our revenues grew sequentially in communications infrastructure and also in consumer products. However, our revenues continue to decline, albeit at a much reduced rate, in the industrial markets as capital spending worldwide remained depressed and our industrial customers have remained cautious. In line with these market trends, revenues increased sequentially in Asia and declined sequentially in Europe and North America, both of which are more dependent on industrial capital spending. Revenues for our very broad base of industrial customers, which were 52% of our revenues in Q2, were down 31% year-over-year and also down about 5% sequentially. Revenues from factory automation, instrumentation, and healthcare customers declined slightly from the prior quarter and while we don't expect much further erosion, we've not yet really seen any meaningful momentum in these markets. Not surprisingly, the automotive market remained troubled and our revenues from the automotive market were down 38% from the prior year, although we did see a small sequential increase as European automakers returned to production after numerous inventory reducing shut downs during the prior quarter. While automotive customers worldwide are plagued by very weak unit sales, their reliance on electronics to quickly bring differentiated features to the market continues to drive up vehicle signal processing content. So this bodes well for ADI when this industry does eventually regain some momentum. As was the case in the first quarter, in a few industrial markets, our revenue declines have been less severe. Revenues from defense customers were down only a small amount and products that sell into industrial infrastructure, such as security systems and energy management systemsand that's true particularly in Chinawere again much less affected than in the U.S. and in Europe. Despite the current weakness for our industrial customers we continue to be very enthusiastic about the mid- to long-term potential for ADI in the industrial markets for three important reasons. Number one, our sales to industrial customers over the past two quarters have declined at a significantly higher rate than industrial production has declined in the U.S. and Europe, which generally drives this business. Specifically, industrial production and output, which is often a very good leading indicator of industrial capital spending, declined approximately 9% over the last six months, while our sales to industrial customers from ADI declined 28% during the same period. This implies that we have absorbed the very significant inventory correction and that our sales to industrial customers have been well below their consumption rate of our products. Therefore, even if capital spending stays at depressed levels it would be logical to assume that our sales to industrial customers have reached, or will soon reach or approach, trough levels and will recover very quickly when capital spending begins to improve. Secondly, we have seen an increase in our industrial sales in China, in line with the government's industrial stimulus spending and that is likely to continue or perhaps even accelerate in the future. And lastly, our industrial customers buy our highest-performance converters and amplifiers as well as many ASSPs and our competitive position and our share continue to strengthen in many of these product categories. In fact, the most recent data that was published just recently in the last couple of weeks, I believe, by the Gartner Group, indicates that our converter market share increased to 40% in 2008, up from 37% the year before. We are also seeing very good design activity and good design wins across all the industrial markets we serve, which could accelerate our sales rebound when our customers' confidence improves in the United States and Europe. In the second quarter revenues from our communications customers were 29% of our revenues, down 7% from last year but up 8% to 10% sequentially. The recovery of the communications infrastructure market was driven in large part by China rewarding 3G licenses in January.  ADI is very well positioned across many customers, many standards, and of course many geographies, to take advantage of the upside from the China 3G roll outs as well as continued 2G expansion in emerging markets and upcoming 4G infrastructure build outs in the future. Design activity remains very strong with these customers as we expand the builder materials presence we have to a much broader section of products and that should continue to improve our long-term market share in this market as we emerge from the downturn. We also saw an increase in our wireless handset business in Q2, which has become right now a relatively small part of our overall communications business as we have now focused our investments primarily on analog products and higher-end phones. We believe the handset business, which was down significantly in the first quarter, most likely has adjusted production levels to be more in line now with end demand. Revenues from the consumer end market was 17% of our total revenues, down 36% from last year but up 5% sequentially, primarily due to increased sales of products like digital cameras, after very significant declines in our first quarter. Although the consumer market of course continues to be weak, here again the second quarter saw a modest increase in sales as many customers began to better align their production with end demand and stocked with a relentless declines in their inventories. Revenues from our computer customers, which comprised only 3% of our revenues, declined 44% year-over-year and 17% sequentially. As you might remember, we have mentioned previously that we have significantly reduced our investment in ASS products for computers, given what we see as a very limited opportunity for high-performance signal processing technology in the personal computer market. So now I will turn the call over to Dave, who is going to review in a little more detail on the financial results for Q2.
David A. Zinsner: I will start with gross margins. In Q2 gross margins were 55.1%, above plan for the quarter. Gross margins were down 590 basis points year-over-year and 130 basis points sequentially, primarily a result of utilization rates of approximately 40% in our internal fabs as we further reduced inventories. As a result of lower utilization, inventories declined $16.0 million sequentially and days in inventory declined from 141 days to 130 days. These results were achieved despite a $7.0 million inventory build related to our ongoing fab consolidations and a further meaningful drop in distribution inventory.  Moving forward, we're still on track to complete our fab consolidations by the end of this fiscal year, which in aggregate should lead to an annualized decrease in cost of sales from current levels of approximately $65.0 million by the third quarter of fiscal 2010. We should begin to see the impact of these cost reductions in the first quarter of fiscal 2010 with the full savings benefits realized by the third quarter of fiscal 2010. In the second quarter operating expenses, excluding restructuring, were $192.0 million, down 8% from the prior quarter. In total, operating expenses were down $48.0 million, or 20%, from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. Approximately 40%, or $20.0 million, of the $48.0 million drop is of a temporary nature. It is mainly related to a drop in variable compensation and forced time off. The remaining 60% of the savings are permanent reductions in labor and related expenses and reductions in discretionary expenses. Our goal is to retain a large portion of the saving in discretionary spending as revenues grow. We are also planning additional savings from actions already taken but for which the benefits have not yet been realized, as well as from future infrastructure cost reductions throughout the company. In Q2 operating income, excluding restructuring charges, increased 14% from the prior quarter to $70.0 million as operating expense management more than offset slightly lower gross margins on flat sales. Excluding restructuring charges, diluted EPS from continuing operations was $0.21, up 17% from the prior quarter. Higher operating income and a better than planned tax rate of 18.8% drove higher net income. We expect our tax rate to be approximately 21% for the remainder of the fiscal year. Cash flow from operations was $76.0 million and capital expenditures were $12.0 million. Because our current level of internal capacity can support more than twice our current revenue level, we have significantly reduced capital spending plans for the year, down from $157.0 million last year to an expected $60.0 million in 2009, the bulk of which is tied to our fab consolidations. We believe that in future years our capital spending will be at similar levels to 2009. As a result, over time our annual depreciation, which was $144.0 million in fiscal 2008, should begin to move closer to our expected $60.0 million capital spending rate. Since most of our capital spending is manufacturing-related, this should be accretive to our gross margins. Accounts receivable decreased slightly from last quarter. DSO decreased to 44 days and 100% of our customers are current to terms. These are impressive results, particularly in the context of the current credit environment. During Q2 we paid out $58.0 million in dividends and this quarter our board once again approved a $0.20 per share quarterly cash dividend. At current prices, our dividend yield is approximately 4%. We ended the quarter with $1.3 billion in cash and no debt. Although much of our cash is overseas, we continue to believe that our dividend is an important mechanism for returning value to our shareholders. We expect U.S. cash flow to increase when industrial revenues recover and as we realize the benefits of the Massachusetts fab consolidation. This consolidation should result in significantly increased U.S. profits and lower capital spending. Even during this difficult economic cycle, our business continues to generate strong cash flow, as it has done for many years. We believe that as economic conditions improve, demand recovers, and we fully realize the benefits of our fundamentally lower cost structure, our cash flow will significantly increase as will our earnings leverage. With that, I will turn the call back to Jerry.
Jerald G. Fishman: The orders to ADI and to our distributors recovered significantly in Q2 as customer inventory reductions abated. Our book-to-bill ratio for Q2, as measured by end customer bookings, was slightly above one for the first time since Q3 of 2008, and our Q3 opening backlog was up from last quarter.  In addition, order levels were stable throughout the second quarter and have remained at these levels through the first two weeks in May. Nevertheless, lead times are short and we are still receiving a significant portion of new orders as turns orders, which gives us, of course, very limited visibility. So given all these factors, were planning for our third quarter revenues to be approximately flat on a sequential basis. We plan to continue to reduce inventories in Q3, and keep very tight control over operating costs.  As a result, we expect gross margins to be in the 54% to 55% region and that will, of course, depend on the actual mix of business we ship and what ultimately we decide to be the appropriate factory utilization through the quarter. Overall, pricing for our products remains stable. We are planning for the operating expenses in Q2 to remain approximately flat sequentially and of course, to gain significant operating leverage when growth does resume. And as Dave mentioned, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 21% for the balance of the year.  As a result of all those things, we are planning for diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to be approximately $0.17 to $0.19 in Q3. So before we open up the call for questions, I just wanted to close with a few key points. Obviously in the last six months it's been a difficult environment in which to operate a company, particularly companies like semi-conductor companies that have large portion of the cost as fixed cost.  However, ADI's business model has allowed us to remain solidly profitable and continue to generate positive cash flow, despite the substantial short-term revenue declines that are the result of the economic chaos that's out there. Today our balance sheet remains one of the strongest in the industry and are one of the very few companies that we compete with that has no net debt, as well as the opportunity for significant operating leverage as revenues increase. This leverage will be driven by our much richer product mix, which is the result of having refocused ADI on more profitable and sustainable products and markets over the past 18 months and a fundamentally lower expense structure, the result of actions that we have taken to permanently reduce our infrastructure costs. All these actions are designed to set us back on course towards our long-term model of 30% operating margins, which we now expect to achieve at lower revenue levels than we previously expected. Our strategic investment priorities within the company are now very well defined and our current portfolio and our competitive position are about the strongest they have been in many years.  Very importantly, our customers continue to view ADI as a technology leader, a reliable and trustworthy partner, and a financially stable supplier in a very chaotic environment. Our employees around the world understand where we are headed and despite all the pain of the last few quarters, I believe we are as committed as ever to ADI remaining one of the best technologies companies around. And I think all of that bodes very well for earnings growth and improved shareholder returns as the economy recovers.
Mindy Kohl: During today's Q&A period we ask you to please limit yourself to one primary question and one follow-up question and we will do our best to give you another opportunity to ask additional questions if we have time remaining.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just a question on the inventory commentary, you mentioned that you expect to bring down your own inventory in the next quarter. You did see inventory drop substantially. What are your plans in that and what should we imply about your utilization going into the next quarter?
Jerald G. Fishman: I think in general, it's always hard to say what the distis are going to do with their inventory in advance, but I think our utilization is going to probably be very similar to what it was this quarter. We still have pretty healthy inventories and we are going to try to get them down to give us the maximum upside leverage when business gets better.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: On the opex side of things, how long should we think about you being able to keep the opex at roughly under $200.0 million or if you wanted to add that $20.0 million that was temporary to the number, how should we think about opex growing versus revenues?
David A. Zinsner: First, I think it's important to note that that 20% that is temporary, a lot of that is highly contingent on actually profits increasing, so there is a sustainability to it that is pretty good if the business doesn't improve. Having said that, our goal is really, as we look at different revenue levels, take for example $550.0 million in revenue, as we get to that level, the last time we were at that revenue level our operating margins were kind of in the 20% range. Our goal is to get meaningfully about that and that's kind of how we're looking at opex. So opex, to some extent, is dependent on kind of timing and where we are making our investments and where the revenue is being generated, but I think it's safe to assume that our goal is really to expand operating margins, much beyond where we were the last time revenue was going up.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: The $48.0 million you said you cut in opex, was the percent, 20% of that was temporary or was $20.0 million out of the $48.0 million?
David A. Zinsner: About 40% of the $48.0 million was temporary. I think I said 20%, I meant 40%. And that roughly equates to the $20.0 million of temporary. But most of it is variable comp, which is highly dependent on how our operating margins do over time.
Jerald G. Fishman: I think there is very little doubt that any increase to opex is going to be very carefully controlled, no matter what happens on the upside. And we are certainly going to grow the revenues at quite a bit above any increase in opex. As we said earlier, I think in Dave's comments, we still haven't even really realized all the savings for actions we've already taken. As they come in over the next couple of quarters, on both the opex line and the cost of goods line. So, I think we have a lot of downward cost pressure in the company and the main reason is we expect to get to higher margins at lower revenues than we did last time and that's sort of the mantra around the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Barton - Cowen & Company.
John Barton - Cowen & Company: Jerry, you went through a bunch of details of the industrial end market and basically highlighting the fact that your sales in the end market have contracted much more than the actual industrial market itself. You then kind of went on to say that they are getting near trough inventories. And then you went on to say that you are poised to really bounce back when industrial spending comes back. If I'm not misinterpreting your statements, you are chipping into the industrial market at a fair rate below what they are truly consuming at today, even without a bounce back in spending. And if that assertion is correct, doesn't that mean that your sales could bounce back even before true industrial spending starts to recover?
Jerald G. Fishman: It's always hard to be precise when you are talking about a business with tens of thousands of customers in every geography. I think what I was trying to communicate is while that's possible, if you want to be pessimistic about the world, which we all tend to be right now, or cautious, we are saying that at least the rate of decline certainly abated last quarter.  I believe we are reaching the trough in these businesses, given the disconnect between what's happened in the markets and what's happened with our sales and all our competitors' sales in the industrial market. So there's not a lot more downside, I think, and for a lot of reasons, including the ones that you mentioned, there might be some upside, but it's too early to be optimistic about that. At least in the very short term. You know, we would like to see a real fundamental change in the momentum in the market before we really declare that that's going to get better. And you know, there are machinations going on about inventory going up and inventory going down but eventually there is going to be demand getting better and that's the time when you'll really see that business getting better. So my comments, in the summary, on the industrial market were more about given the fact that the inventories are ahead of what's going on in the market, it's at least unlikely that it's not going to go down anymore and maybe with the margin there will be a little bounce or something because of the abatement of the inventory reductions. But it's hard to tell.
John Barton - Cowen & Company: Comm infrastructure and market, what are your thoughts on that as you look out over the next several months and quarters and obviously it's starting to bounce back. Do you think that can continue consistently or how do you view that?
Jerald G. Fishman: Your question is about the communications infrastructure?
John Barton - Cowen & Company: That's correct.
Jerald G. Fishman: Well, clearly, it's been explosive in China. That's been well described by us and I believe many of our competitors and other people that participate in that market. You know, there are concerns out in the market that there is going to be a pause in China while they absorb all the stuff, but it's hard to predict that far in advance. I think in the long term in China there is going to be a huge build out that's going to continue. Whether there is a pause in that market in the short term, for a quarter, or maybe a little bit longer, it's very hard to predict. I think the infrastructure part of the market, outside of China, is probably more predictable than in China right now. And if you look at the large infrastructure providers in Europe and the United States, they are still blessed and headed pretty well. So the uncertainty over the next quarter or two is probably in the Chinese infrastructure market and there's a lot of different opinions of what might happen there in the short term. But I would say very few different opinions of what's going to happen in that market over the longer term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Smigie - Raymond James.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: I was wondering if you could comment a little on how much inventory you're thinking about taking out of the channel and internally here and what gross margin might have looked like if you weren't taking that out?
David A. Zinsner: Our goal really is to get our inventory down to in the 110 days on our balance sheet. As we look at inventory, you never know, but it's pretty close to where I would consider historical levels have been. Maybe it comes down a little bit more but not much more. It's tough to say on utilization. Obviously when we were a relatively utilized business model we were running at 61% gross margins, we got a couple of things going in our favor now coming into the next cycle. Our Limerick consolidation is now pretty much complete and we will start seeing the savings at the beginning of next year. We have the Cambridge consolidation going on right now. That will be complete by the end of this fiscal year and we're expecting to see savings middle of next year. So there's at least a couple of hundred basis points of improvement from those consolidations and as the revenue starts to pick back up we will start to see gross margin expansion, just from the absorption side of things. So our goal is really to see if we were at 61% back at the last peak, that if we get up to those revenue levels at some point, that we're at least a couple of hundred basis points about that.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: That was definitely a question I was looking for an answer to but I also mean specifically in this quarter, if you weren't doing inventory reductions this quarter.
David A. Zinsner: It's difficult to say. I couldn't even ballpark it.
Jerald G. Fishman: I think it's probably fair to say that the lion's share of the declines that we have seen in the gross margin from the peak are about utilizations. So I mean there's nothing else going on with the mix that's very substantial. If anything, the industrial mix is down quite a bit, which is really whacked the utilization hardest and throws the most of the products from builders so, I think the real take away is that there is a lot of gross margin leverage in the system here and we are not planning yet in Q3 to turn out production because we're trying to work inventory down a bit. We'll have to take another look at that at the end of third quarter, decide what we do, and fourth quarter and for the balance of the year. And that will really determine, in the short term, what happens with gross margins.
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: And following up, drawing a conclusion from your comments there about what gross margin looks like several quarters out, I know you mentioned you were looking to hit that 30% operating margin on lower revenues, but presumably that operating margin will be quite a bit above 30%, as a few years out also, so basically is there some time maybe in the next quarter or two where you would come out with a new operating model?
Jerald G. Fishman: I would say once the business starts considerably moving up and there is real demand behind that as compared to supply issues, which are mostly driving the cycle right now, I think we are working on that very hard, we have a lot of ideas on what that is and how to get there clearly. Some of the actions we have taken are behind that new model. But I think it's a little premature to communicate a new model when we're running below 15% and the goal is 30%. As we start marching towards that goal, we will have a lot of updates on a different model above that. But I think for now I would try to keep the focus on let's keep moving it up, let's build in a lot of leverage as the sales grow, let's keep raising that every quarter in terms of the margins, as business gets better, and then we'll take a look at what the long-term model is as we start moving towards that objective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Uche Orji  UBS.
Uche Orji  UBS: Jerry, can I just ask you about some clarification as to one of the things you said in your closing remarks. You talked about the revenue level you need to achieve your 30% target model being less now than what you had expected. Are you able to give us some idea as to what those numbers are in terms of what expectation was before and what it is now?
Jerald G. Fishman: I'm not going to try to provide specificity on that right now. We're too far away from it. But I would say generically we got up to 25% or 26% at 650, which was the peak quarter. I guess that was Q4 of last year, and that we think we can do a lot better than that at lower revenue levels but I think it's premature to pick a revenue level and say at that revenue level we'll have this margin. I think we would like another quarter or so to see how the business unfolds and then we will give you a little more guidance on that in the future.
Uche Orji  UBS: If I look at the guidance you've given to next quarter, do you mean that the end revenue mix should be similar to the quarter just ended, and if not, where do you think is and based on what you've seen so far should we expect to see the most surprise on the upside or the downside?
Jerald G. Fishman: That revenue target that we put out about flat, there's obviously pluses and minuses to that that are possible. It's very hard to be precise when most of it is turns business and the market is very volatile right now. So what we really communicated was the plan we're going to run the company at. I think it's important to say that that the expense levels and the way we're going to run the factories is going to be somewhat independent of what the revenue levels are for the next quarter.  So I think as we generically think about the whole question of the expense levels and the revenue levels associated with that, it seems to me the upside is probably that the inventory declines in the industrial business might continue to abate and that might give us a little more upside. We're expecting the consumer market to be a little bit better than it was seasonally because that typically is what happens.  On the risk side, we have the month of July, which is a great unknown and nobody can really predict what's going to happen in July. In typical years July is usually a weak month but lately there is no typical year because there are so many different things going on. And of course, there is risk in the infrastructure part of the business in China. So when we look at the pluses and minuses, our product groups, when they looked at all the details of that, came up with a number plus or minus a little bit that it's roughly flat. But how it actually turns out, I think we'll have to wait until the end of the third quarter to see.
Uche Orji  UBS: Jerry, can you just tell us now about what your priorities are beyond taking inventory down and taking cost on the product side. Are there areas where you think that you need some more specificity on management and maps, [inaudible].
Jerald G. Fishman: I'm not sure I understood your question. Did you ask what our strategic priorities are for the MEMS and the power business?
Uche Orji  UBS: Yes.
Jerald G. Fishman: I think as we said before, they have both been strategic priorities for the company, each for different reasons. On the power side we have said that because it really is the one category in the analog business that we haven't had much sales and our customers really want us to be, as they continue to contract the amount of vendors, they want to do business and we've put a lot of money into that business. And as I mentioned, I think last quarter, despite all the economic chaos, it looks like we're really beginning to get some traction on some products and some customers in that business. It's been a long haul but we are. The MEMS business is a little bit different. The real strategic rationale for that business is that of course there's a lot of customers that have a lot of applications in MEMS. Increasingly that requires signal processing so it's a great addendum to things we already do.  But another important rationale to that is that it's hard to do and not many people can do it. It takes 15 years to figure out how to do it and it really does give us a real technology that it's not likely that we're going to have a lot of competition in, particularly amongst our traditional competitors. So it really, in a lot of applications, particularly automotive applications, but increasingly in industrial and other applications. I mean, it's just a tremendous building enthusiasm for things that can sense motion.  And it started out with accelerometers for cars, it's now moving into gyroscopes for cars and many other applications and behind every electronic stability control system, which is mandated pretty soon, there are going to be gyroscopes. And they are hard to do, believe me. It's taken us years to figure out how to do it.  So I think it's a compelling technology, we believe it's hard to replicate, we believe it goes hand in hand with many other technologies that we have in the company, be they analog or DSP light technologies. And the customersthis is one of the businesses where the customers really drag us into it because it really does change the end product if you can figure out to reliably and cost-effectively sense motion. In many different dimensions. So that's the rationale for each of those businesses. I think they both remain strategic priorities in the company and we're working to get more revenues and less cost, as we always are, like in every business, but they are important priorities for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: First question, within the consumer segment, I think you commented the digital still camera was strong. Could you talk about the trends in the other two key segments within the consumer? I think that's digital TV and gaming.
Jerald G. Fishman: The digital TV market took a little pause out there, a large pause. That's been a very weak market over the last two quarters. Our internal forecasts indicate that that's going to get a little better this quarter. Time will tell if that really comes true.  The AV market has also been extremely weak. If we believe the forecast we're getting from some of those customers, at least on a seasonal basis, they're expecting some recovery. So we'll have to wait and see how that happens. Typically about third quarter we begin to see the build-up of that business and if this year turns out to be like other years, we should see some increase in that business next quarter.  But I think it would be very premature to say that the consumer market has turned and everything is going to go great. I think until the unemployment rate starts to abate we're not going to see big bulges in consumer spending. Or at least that's the theory under which we're running our company.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Relative to the turns business that you're assuming this quarter versus historically that you normally see in this quarter, about the same, little more conservative?
David A. Zinsner: It's relatively similar to historical levels. Last quarter obviously we did better and we had higher turns than we historically have, but the turns that we're building into our guidance this time around are pretty close to what the historical levels are.
Jerald G. Fishman: It's basically all turns. Nobody wants to hold inventory, nobody wants to give you any lead time. So I think that's the way the environment is going to stay for a while, at least for companies like ours.
Jim Covello  Goldman Sachs: Do you consider the ISM index a decent proxy for your overall industrial business? I know there's a lot of components to it but do you think that's a fair way to think about it?
Jerald G. Fishman: Yes, I would say that there are certainly trends that, with some lag or lead, tend to line up. And we look at that very closely and we have been encouraged by what we've seen over the last month or so, so time will tell. I think there's no doubt there's a correlation between those two, the question is the lag of that correlation to our business. But certainly when you see that starting to move up, that can't be viewed as a bad sign.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer - Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: David, I think that despite the inventory draw down in the April quarter there were still $7.0 million of buffer inventory you built for the upcoming fab closure. Is that something that will reoccur this quarter and how much excess inventory, or buffer inventory, should we think about relative to the fab consolidation?
David A. Zinsner: It is something for Cambridge that is likely to be repeated all the way up until we close Cambridge, which is at the end of the year. It's probably adding about 10 days to our inventory, the buffer builds.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And Jerry, help me understand the upside in the April quarter relative to the down 10% mid-point guidance. What really drove that? Was it industrial mopping as that as you had first feared, was it the communications being stronger than expected? Just help me understand within the April quarter what drove the better than expected results in the top line.
Jerald G. Fishman: I think the answer to that is yes. The industrial business was a real collision course with Earth when we reported the numbers and we had really no understanding of where that was headed. The infrastructure business did a little bit better than we would have thought. Even the consumer business did a little better than we feared, I would say. So I think just generally, the amount of inventory that customers were getting rid of just abated at a faster rate than we feared and that gave us some upside. You know the 27% down year-over-year is not a great quarter, it just isn't as bad as we feared, which is really the way to think about it. And I think it was in those areas where we did a little bit better.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: The power management market, given that is a much more fragmented market than the converter market, can you help me understand the margin profile you are targeting in that market. And you mad the comment that your customers are pulling you into that business. What do they see that you have that they can't get elsewhere?
Jerald G. Fishman: In some of the more commodity power management areas where it's just really providing the function and five different people can do it and so on. We have gravitated a large part of the R&D away from that part of the power business, but we see tremendous opportunity in others in the commodity part of the power business, in industrial products, in infrastructure products, and even in some of the consumer products where we can really do things in terms of integrating power with signal processing that is very hard for other, more power management-centric companies. So the very fragmentation that you mentioned of the power business is what gives us a good chance to actually get some meaningful revenues and make attractive margins in that business. I think if we stay out of the commodity parts of the power management business and focus on the areas that I mentioned, I don't think there is much of a difference in the gross margins we can achieve for other products that we sell into those particular markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan.
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan: Just a quick clarification. If you look at end markets within the flat guidance it sounds like you think that [inaudible] PC end markets will be up and the communication and industrial end markets will be down. Is that what we should imply?
Jerald G. Fishman: They are verythere is a fragmented answer to that question. I think there are some elements of each of those markets that you are saying will be down that really we are not planning for them to be down. There's part of the communications market whichthe Chinese infrastructure marketthat we will have to see how that goes. The rest of the infrastructure market I think remains pretty strong, as we see it. Many of the other communications applications, some of the networking stuff, some of the optical stuff, maybe even the handset stuff, might actually turn out to be a little bit better next quarter. We expect the consumer market to be a little bit better. One of the major concerns is just what happens in the month of July overall. If we wind up with a July like our December, when people shut down and nobody did anything and everyone went to [inaudible] for the month, then I think there are some risks to that. If July turns out to be a reasonable month, and there are no disasters, I think the estimate is probably in the mid-range of what's probably going to happen.
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan: In terms of our thoughts on just inventory versus demand out there, it sounds like you're thinking that the channel is going to reduce inventory again in your end markets and maybe it's wait until next quarter where your business starts tracking in demand, is that a correct statement?
Jerald G. Fishman: What the channel does with our inventory doesn't affect our sales very much. It more affects our production levels. So we really don't know the answer to your question, so I mean, we get orders every week from the distributors, they get orders every week from the customers, we watch it very closely to see if there are any trends. You know, the distributor inventory is down quite a bit over the last two quarters. So on the other hand the turns are about flat because their sales are way down. So when the turns are about flat it's hard to predict which way they're going to apply pressure on this thing. If they believe the market is going to get stronger the end of the year and they're worried about shortages in the foundries and the like, I think they'll start to add inventory. If it turns out hopefully that they won't. I think that they could probably give you a better picture of what they're going to do with their inventories because we sure don't know.
Christopher Danely - J.P. Morgan: I was thinking more on your end customers or direct customers. And any words of wisdom for us on what you think their inventory trends are? Are they done working it down?
Jerald G. Fishman: I guess we hear different stories from different customers but I think generallyI mean, inventories came down pretty far so what it really has to do is, are they really optimistic or pessimistic about the future. In other words, there are some customers that basically keep singing the blues and I think those customers will continue to bang the inventories down. And there are many other customers that actually now are getting concerned about their inventory levels. They are very low. There's all the reports coming out of Taiwan about foundry capacity and so on. And they're getting a little nervous that they pushed this pretty hard. It's very interesting that this cycle, it's true that the reaction of customers to demand changes is about the most extreme we've ever seen, so customers this time were not going to make the mistake they made in 2001 and they reacted enormously quickly and severely to the changing outlook for their business. The good news is that got a lot of inventory out the cycle quickly and that's why I think when the demand, or the sentiment out there about the economy and what's going to happen, gets better, I think the snap-back will be good. But it's very hard to predict on as wide a customer base what the average customer is going to do. I think we have customers in both camps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Ellis - Caris & Company.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Dave, you mentioned the growing delta between your capex and depreciation. When do we start to see depreciation falling meaningful? Is that the middle of next year after the two fabs are shut down or is it later than that?
David A. Zinsner: Well, actually, depreciation will have a pretty decent fall, I think, next quarter but you really won't see that savings to the P&L because most of that gets kind of hung on the balance sheet until the first quarter of next year.  So there will be kind of a step function decline in the next couple of quarters but then after that our best estimation is that it's going to kind of trail downward over the next five years or so because that's generally what we put the capital on the balance sheet at.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: And then more of a revenue question for Jerry. Jerry, you talked about, on this call and prior calls, the growth in the industrials business in China. Can you help us understand how big that business is relative to our overall industrials business, and how should we think about the growth characteristics of that business versus the broader industrials over the next couple of years?
Jerald G. Fishman: I don't have the exact numbers in front of us, we are going to have to dig those out for you, but I would say generally it's not surprising there's a huge industrialization. That's been going in China. Our sense when we talk to these large industrial customers over there, is that the government is really pumping an awful lot of money into new factories, for obvious reasons.  Now, eventually those factories have to produce stuff that sells, at the beginning in China but ultimately they have got to export stuff to justify all that and they're making a bet that when the economy starts turning in other locations that the exports out of China are going to go up very dramatically. So I think initially, mostly, it's to support Chinese consumption but eventually it's going to wind up supporting American and European and Japanese and other consumption. So I don't have any doubt that we've put in a tremendous amount of focus to building our industrial and other businesses in China because we really believe it's going to be like the United States as 40 or 50 years ago, where there was the industrial revolution here. And that business was an enormously fast growing business. So we have put in a fair amount of infrastructure into China. You know, the early signs are that our brand in China, which is a very good leading indicator of our industrial sales across many, many companies, is very strong in China. We have a great team over there and we have good leadership there. We have a lot of good engineers over there that actually design some of the products and we have good sales people and applications people over there.  So I think China is not only going to be the home of some of the very high volume commoditized products, but it's also going to provide a great opportunity for those that get in early into the base of what will turn out to be tens of thousands of industrial customers in China. It's not going to be any different than the United States in that way and Europe. It's just going to be about 40 years, 50 years later than in the U.S. So that's an important business lesson. I think if you want us to try to quantify that any more we would have to dig into the data, which I don't happen to have in front of me, but I would say, on a absolute basis, it's not a very significant part of our industrial business but certainly the percentage of our industrial business as it is has been climbing as that business has been growing and the rest of it leapt the track.
Craig Ellis - Caris & Company: Jerry, you mentioned the converter market share data. As we've gone through the downturn, have you noticed any change in competitive dynamics in your core converter and amplifier businesses?
Jerald G. Fishman: Well, I think everybody wants it. That's not a big change in this part of the cycle. So I think there's competition out there. There's always competition, always has been competition. So our job is just to continue the rate of innovation. We have a very dominant brand with the largest consumers of converter products and we have done a pretty job at Analog of doing that, despite all the competition over the last couple of years. So our job is to make sure we don't take our eyes off that ball since that is, those are, one of the most important things we do in analog. So, so far so good. We keep enormous pressure on making sure our technology is really strong, the customers know it, the sales guys sell it and I think there are a lot of people who find it hard to believe that in a market that size with all the competition we have been able to do as well as we have over the past five years in that business. So we are trying hard not to get complacent about that but it is an important of the R&D that we put into the company and it's a very important part of our competitive advantage.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wu - Global Crown Capital.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Dave, maybe you could help me with this. Once you consolidated two fabs in the first quarter fiscal 2010 how much does your manufacturing cost decline? Do you get it all at once or do you have it spread over two consecutive quarters and won't get the full amount until Q2?
David A. Zinsner: Actually, we don't get the full amount until the third quarter but the reason is more to do with how the inventory gets digested, so we have actually completed the Limerick consolidation for the most part so from a cash flow basis we are already seeing the savings but that inventory has to get digested through the system and that won't happen until the first quarter of 2010. So that's roughly about $6.0 a quarter, or $24.0 million or $25.0 million a year on an annualized basis.  Then the Cambridge consolidation with Wilmington happens at the end of this year and we'll start seeing the cash flow benefit of that at the beginning of next year, however, because we will build some inventory obviously on that and that has to get digested, our expectation is that will happen in the first two quarters of fiscal 2010 and so the new inventory at new cost, excluding these expenses associated with Cambridge, will start to be realized through the P&L in the third quarter of 2010. That's roughly about $10.0 million a quarter, or about $40.0 million on an annualized basis.  So by the third quarter of 2010 the expectation is that we're at the $65.0 million of annualized savings run rate.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: The $6.0 million would be achieved by what, the second quarter?
David A. Zinsner: The first quarter of 2010.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: So $6.0 million and then $16.0 million by the third quarter.
David A. Zinsner: Right.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: The second question I have is regarding this utilization rate. Once you consolidate your two fabs, does it automatically move higher? From the 40% rate that you have currently.
David A. Zinsner: Yes, we have more capacity than we need. We're eliminating some of that capacity so the utilization rate does improve.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Would it jump 10 or 15 points?
David A. Zinsner: I think it is about 10 points that it jumps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Amtech.
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Amtech: Can you spend a little bit of time talking about this cycle and what you are expecting to see from an ASP trend standpoint? Are there any early signs of aggressive behavior from your competitors?
Jerald G. Fishman: There are always competitors that are a little erratic on the pricing. We have live with that for many years but it is interesting when you look at ADI, our average selling price, which is made up of many different customers, many markets, many products, and many geographies, and many currencies, our average selling price hasn't moved very much. So there is always competitive pressure. We have good competitors, some of them are very aggressive on price, but overall, our average selling price has been reasonably flat for quite a while. On a particular product, the average selling prices typically go down as the products get older and then the ones that get really old go back up. In the analog business, that's just the way it happens when some of those products have 20-year life cycles.  But there are incidences where we have competition and they quote a lower price and sometimes we react to it and sometimes we don't. And sometimes we have a better product that we can sell them at a lower price than the old product we sold them. That's just the nature of this business. But I don't see any alarming trends that are significantly reducing our average selling price in anyplace really in the market. We always have aggressive competitors. There are some that think we are an aggressive competitor to other people's business that's out there, so it really depends on where you sit and what product areas you're in.
Doug Freedman - Broadpoint Amtech: Do you think you could compare your July quarter guidance to your April quarter guidance and what level of tier you're pricing into your guidance, because clearly you said you were very concerned entering the present quarter that you just put up and you're still sort of echoing a level of concern. Can you calibrate us on how that's changed?
Jerald G. Fishman: I think it's a little bit less concerned than last quarter. Last quarter when we put the guidance out, you know, when you have a downward spiral it's always hard to predict the rate of that spiral whether it's going to abate or accelerate. I think the thing that's been encouraging, to a bunch of pessimists like us, are that the weekly order rates have been remarkably consistent for about three months now and when the rates are consistent you are not seeing rates that are 40% or 50% different every week, it gives you a little more confidence that there's a broad customer base out there that has sort of calibrated their worlds at a certain level. So I think there's always ups and downs in that but certainly the stability in the business we've seen gives us a little more confidence than when you're in a downward spiral. I think having said that, there's still a lot of uncertainty out there and we could have put out a large range and said it might be down some, might be up some and everybody would have put a flat number there anyhow, so we just sort of said that's about the plan for the quarter, that as you said, there is still uncertainty out there. I wouldn't in any way say that plan is a slam dunk. I don't think it's a sandbag plan. On the other hand, at least if I listen to our sales guys and our product guys, I don't think any of them are contending that there's a disaster out there. But plus or minus a few percent it's always very hard to call.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terence Whalen  Citigroup.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: With regard to gross margin, given that we are taking about 300 basis points plus out of the gross margin from the COGS reductions of the Limerick and Massachusetts fabs, and also based on lower depreciation, Dave, looking out several years, assuming you get back to a $2.5 billion annual run rate, would the gross margin level be somewhere above 65% then?
David A. Zinsner: It's tough to call based on mix. What we know is that the last time we were at the 650 level we were at 61% gross margins. We feel pretty confident that we can do better than that. The question is how much I think is really dependent on mix. We have got obviously the depreciation going in our favor, some of which is coming from the consolidations, but some of it is coming from lower capital spending. We also have the consolidations, which takes out fixed costs outside of depreciation.  So we feel like we have got a lot of momentum going in our favor for gross margins. Mix will ultimately play a factor in that and our belief is that we can get well above 61%. I don't know exactly what level we will ultimately end at.
Jerald G. Fishman: I think the way to think about is, again, we're running 55, so let's calibrate the world on that. And we have put in a lot of programs to fundamentally reduce the cost of goods sold for analog devices, and most of those are these fab consolidations, there's other things that we've done to fundamentally reduce the cost structure.  I think that as we get closer and we start seeing sequential increases in the gross margin line rather than sequential decreases, as we've seen, I think we can be a lot more thoughtful and accurate about what actual gross margin we can achieve.  I think what we're really trying to do and what we have been trying to do, is start putting up quarters when business gets better where the gross margins go up, the opex ratio goes down and we've got a lot of leverage on the sales as they increase. I think trying to pin down the specifics of that when we're at 55% gross margin and 15% operating profit is very hard to do. So I think each quarter as we get more confidenceall we can really do is tell you the things we've done and what we think the cost savings are as a result of that. Those are things that are under our control that we know. The rest of it, we'll just have to wait and see how it goes. And what we're trying to build is a model tier with extremely high leverage. That's the take away.
Terence Whalen  Citigroup: Regarding the monthly order linearity in the July quarter. It sounds like you're staying with a little bit higher backlog for the July quarter than you had started for the April quarter. And implied in that maybe is a little bit of tapering in the month of July orders. What are the swing factors that will determine whether July does taper off and might be expected for a flat number, or what would be the potential source of upside in your view, based on what you see now, potentially in July? Would it be coming from better comps, infrastructure? Would it be coming from some aseasonal industrial pickup or would it be the consumer and computing businesses?
Jerald G. Fishman: The third quarter will really depend more I think than any major trends in any of the segments, which I think are relatively small relative to our sales, will depend on just how customers feel about the world. If we get out to July and everybody is still thinking the world is coming unglued and the like, I think July could turn out to be a bad month and we will be on the long side of this. I think if it turns out that as we get out to July and people are believing that the end of the year is going to be good, that there is reason for the economies to believe that they are going to get a little bit better, and customers a little less afraid, credit eases up and you don't keep hearing about 600,000 jobs a month being lost in the U.S. and so on, and people get a little more confident, I think we could get better than typical seasonality in July. Because I think people are concerned about how low the inventories are. So I think we're not going to know that until July and I think that most of it, at least my view, other than some small ups and downs between one market segment or another, I think it will be mostly dependent upon sentiment out there. And that's the thing that's so hard to predict.
Operator: Your final question comes from Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML.
Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML: Dave, in terms of the reduction in infrastructure expenses or the plan to reduce those expenses, can you tell us what the extent of the benefit from that will be and how it will flow through in coming quarters?
David A. Zinsner: Some of which we have actually taken action on and you are seeing the savings in the drop we've gotten to today at the $192.0 million level. There is some benefit coming in the next few quarters. It's of the few million dollars per quarter kind of range, from we have talked about to date. We are still lookingwe have an active process of looking at infrastructure expenses and identifying better and less expensive ways to go about delivering our infrastructure services to the company and over the next couple of quarters I think we will identify more opportunities but at this point we are unable to quantify it. Getting back to Jerry's comment at the very beginning, the opex is at $192.0 million and our goal is to really constrain that a lot while revenues are flat and if things return to growth, which we assume they will at some point, is to really constrain the growth on opex so that it is much slower than the growth on the revenue side, until we see a lot of leverage.
Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML: Given that you are reporting a month after a lot of other companies, is it clear to you that there is going to be a pause in the China 3G build out here in the July quarter. Is that how you're planning for business or are the lead times still short that you don't know for sure?
Jerald G. Fishman: We never know for sure. I think that we know sort of that we listened to a lot of our competitors who talked about that a little bit. When you talk to the large companies in China there is sort of differences of opinion of their views on what's going to happen this quarter. A lot of these products are very short delivery items so we don't really know, but I would say generically we are planning for a little bit of weakness on the Chinese side of the infrastructure market and not so much weakness on the European and U.S. side of the infrastructure market. But built into our assumptions is this, probably, certainly the rate of growth is going to pause for a while there and it's possible it could decline sequentially quarter-to-quarter. But I think the important take away for us on that business is it's not going to be a very long one. There is a tremendous build out that's still ahead of us and whenever you see a large increase in a business as we've seen, in the Chinese infrastructure business, it wouldn't be surprising to see a pause, although there's lots of different opinions about that. But the direct answer to your question is our assumptions are that is going to decline a little bit in the third quarter although not a tremendous amount.
Sumit Dhanda - BAS-ML: And that's an assumption or based on actual feedback?
Jerald G. Fishman: I think it's a combination of both.
Mindy Kohl: Thank you very much for joining us today and we look forward to talking to all of you again during the Q3 conference call which is scheduled for August 18, 2009.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Paresh Maniar - Executive Director, IR Bruce E. Kiddoo - CFO Tun Doluca - President, CEO and Director
Analysts: Uche Orji - UBS John Barton - Cowen & Company Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Doug Freedman - American Technology Research Steve Smigie - Raymond James ChristopherDanely - JPMorgan Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners David Wu - Global Crown Capital Rahman Shah - Barclays Capital Craig Ellis - Citigroup John Dryden - Charter Equity Krishna Shankar - JMP securities Mahesh Sanganaria - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Good day and welcome to Maxim Integrated Products First Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introduction, I will turn the call over to Mr. Paresh Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director, Investor Relations: Thank you operator. And welcome everyone to our fiscal first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer Tun Doluca; and Chief Financial Officer Bruce Kiddoo. There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Reform Litigation Act. I would like to remind you that the statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, including, but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end-market consumption of our products, the estimated time to complete our restatement project and any other financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 28, 2008. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirements, we have made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time, we again request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. I will now pass the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: hanks Paresh. We are very pleased to report full financial results this quarter. Completing the re-statement, re-listing on NASDAQ, and announcing $750 million share repurchase program, are all signs that Maxim is back at full strength. And while current economic environment provides a new set of challenges, we are confident we have the business model strategy and execution to weather the storm and emerge as a premier analog semiconductor company. Moving on to the result of our recently completed September quarter, let us start with the income statement. Revenue for the first quarter was $501.2 million, flat with last quarter and within our guidance range. Our revenue mix by major end-market in Q1 was approximately 28% computing, 28% consumer, 24% industrial, and 20% communications. In the consumer market, our revenue grew in handsets for the third consecutive quarter as power management, multimedia and multi-function design wins continue to ramp. In the communications market, our revenue was flat as the as the bay station market segment continued to grow due to strength in the Asia infrastructure market, offset by lower revenue and other communication market segments. In the industrial market, our revenue increased primarily due to strength in our medical product lines. And finally as expected, in the computing market, revenue declined in the notebook motherboard power management product line. GAAP gross margin declined in Q1 by 250 basis points due to lower factory utilizations as we proactively took steps to manage inventory, and a higher percentage of stock based compensation expense, allocated to cost of goods sold. In addition in Q4, we had a favorable warranty reserve adjustment that did not recur in Q1. Non-GAAP gross margin was 62.8% and has now been favorable for two years. As forecasted, we tightly managed the operating expenses in Q1 with GAAP operating expenses down 11 million due to lower stock based comp expense and lower restatement expenses. We kept non-GAAP operating expenses flat despite one month of the company wide merit increase. Total stock based comp in Q1 was $37.6 million down $2.1 million from Q4. Expenses primarily related to the restatement and the ramp down of wafer fabrication facilities were $30.1 million in Q1, down $5.6 million from Q4. GAAP EPS was $0.21, non-GAAP EPS was $0.35. Turning to the balance sheet; total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $38 million during Q1 to $1.26 billion. A $157 million in cash flow from operations was primarily reduced by $64 million for dividends and $38 million in payments for property and equipment. Inventory declined by 3% due to our proactive steps to lower spending in the quarter. Average day sales outstanding was flat at 49 days. Capital expenditures totaled $29 million in Q1 or 6% revenue, down $8 million from Q4 and down 57% from a year ago. This is consistent with our goal to reduce capital expenditures and is the lowest quarterly amount in three years. On October 13th, our Broad of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $750 million of the company's common stock. Through Tuesday October 28th, we have repurchased approximately 5.5 million shares of common stock at a total amount of approximately $77 million. Our share repurchase program is subject to this market and economic conditions. Regarding bookings and backlog, during Q1 our bookings declined by 6%. Our beginning current quarter backlog of net realizable revenue of Q2, for Q2 is 293.7 million, a decline of 8% from the prior quarter. Bookings in Q2 have weakened further due to the current economic environment. Based on our bookings and beginning backlog, we expect Q2 revenue to be between $410 million and $440 million. Our projected revenue decline in Q2 was broad based across almost all market segments. Our notebook market segment will decline again in Q2 as projected due to the market transition from the Santa Rosa to Montevenia, and in addition we are seeing an overall market softening. Cell phones after growing the last three quarters will decline in Q2 due to tighter inventory management by our customers and lower end demand. Computing and peripherals will decline due to an over inventory of monitors, and industrial will decline due to lower demand through all channels. A few market segments are still showing strength; bay station, due to the continued Asia infrastructure build out; storage, due to ramp up of a large OEM product line; and camera, due to the demand for digital SLR models. Due to the lower revenue, we are taking specific and immediate actions to manage cost, which Tun will discuss in detail. Certain of these actions will result in one time charges in Q2. We continue to evaluate R&D programs to fund long-term growth drivers while reducing investment and lower ROI programs. This will result in headcount reductions across several product lines. We will consolidate and close several office and warehouse sites, and we will write off approximately $10 million to $15 million in excess manufacturing equipment. Offsetting these reductions is the full quarter impact of our annual merit increase in the recently announced Mobilygen acquisition. Additionally on a GAAP basis, we will have restructuring charges associated with some of the above cost reduction actions and stock based comp will increase due to fine goodwill payment for options that expired in October during our blackout period. Taking into account all of the above items, non-GAAP gross margin in Q2 will decline due to the lower overhead absorption. GAAP gross margin will decline further due to the higher stock-based comp and fixed costs on lower revenue. As previously stated, we continue to actively work on various cost reduction initiatives to maintain stable gross margins. Non-GAAP operating expenses will benefit from the comps reduction and lower variable expenses offset by the merit increase in the Mobilygen acquisition. On a GAAP basis, operating expenses will increase significantly due to the write off of manufacturing equipment, severance cost, site closures and increased stock based comp expenses due to the final payment for expiring options. We call that operating expenses declined by $11 million in Q1 and were flat on a GAAP basis. Overall we expect stock based comp in the range of $50 million to $52 million with the increase over Q1 due to the expenses related to the final payment for expiring options of approximately $14 million. This amount will not repeat in Q3. We expect expenses related primarily to restructuring actions in the range of $35 million to $45 million with the increase over Q1 due to cost reduction initiatives. The Q2 GAAP tax rate will decrease to 5%. This was primarily due to the reinstatement of the Federal R&D tax credit which is retroactive to the beginning of calendar year and is applied to our lower GAAP income in Q2. The full year tax rate is expected to be 31%. We are forecasting the Q2 non-GAAP tax rate at 29% as the R&D tax credit is a fixed dollar amount and has a smaller impact when applied to the higher non-GAAP profit before tax. For earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis the expected range is $0.23 to $0.27 due to the lower revenue. On a GAAP basis the expected range is $0.03 to $0.09 due to the lower revenue and increased restructuring and stock based comp expenses. In Q2 we again expect strong operating cash flow offset by dividend share repurchases, the Mobile-Vision acquisition, payments for capital equipment and final payments for restatement related programs. In FY '09 we expect capital expenditure to be in the range of $150 million to $175 million which as a mid point would be a 23% decline over FY '08. Due to the lower revenue our estimates will likely trend towards the lower end of the range. We will continue to repurchase stock within the current $750 million authorization and continue to evaluate various capital structural alternatives. Our strong cash flow and current cash balance provide us tremendous flexibility in this uncertain environment to repurchase our stock at historically low prices take advantage of any acquisition opportunities or operate our business without disruption if the current economic crises worsens, or continues for an extended time period. I will now hand the call over to Tun to discuss our business.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Thank you Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. The last 90 days have been significant for Maxim. First our restatement team finally completed it's project and we restated our financials for fiscal years 1997 through 2006. The financial filing was welcome news by employees and shareholders alike. We are all pleased that the restatement is now behind us and we can focus on the future. Second, our financial filing was followed by the re-listing of our stock on net debt October 8, an even highlighted by Maxim ringing the closing bell. Third Maxim reached a tentative settlement of Derivative Litigation and we expect the settlement to be affirmed shortly by the Delaware and California courts. Fourth we completed the acquisition of Mobile-Vision. Mobile-Vision adds leading H.264 video compression technology to Maxim positioning us to participate in the $2 billion video security semiconductor market. The security industry has adopted H.264 as the next generation video compression standard for streaming, recording and archived file storage. We project to serve the available market for H.264 compression in IT cameras and digital video recorders to be in excess of $200 million in 2012. Mobile-Vision is a pioneer and recognized leader in video compression technology with their SOC solution. The overwhelming majority of security cameras installed today are analog whereas recording, storage, analytics and IP streaming are digital. Video compression is therefore a strategic technology for Maxim from the analog to digital video signal path. With this addition we will be offering video core technology to customers at 110th the power consumption and half to cost for current competing DSP solutions. Finally our Board authorized a significant stock repurchase two weeks ago and we are capitalizing low equity valuations to buyback our stock. This affirms our confidence in our long term business model. Moving on to operational issues, we're taking several actions to deal with the current economic environment. First wafer fabs; the Dallas fab shut down is on track. We're making excellent progress in bringing up the process technologies at our San Antonio and Beaverton fabs. We further reduced capacity of the San Jose fab as well. San Jose will continue to be our predominant process technology development center. Second, end of line test operations we transferred additional end of line testing offshore to our Philippines and Thailand factories. Third, we will shut down our production fabs for two weeks during the end of the calendar year to control inventory build up. Fourth, we've already reduced loading at our strategic wafer foundry partner. And fifth, we will have a companywide one week shut down during the last week of the year. Next I will cover OpEx. It is important to note that below the line spending was flat during the September quarter despite the annual salary increase that went into effect at the beginning of September. We will continue to manage our operating expenses prudently, and are continuing our actions to control below the line spending. Specifically, one, we plan we move certain support functions offshore. Two, we will consolidate several small offices to reduce spending. And three, we will restructure and consolidate several product lines and business units to improve operational and selling efficiency. We reviewed relative long-term profit prospects, track records of team members and our probability of success of all our product lines. These reviews will result in us reducing product development efforts in some lines, while increasing investment in others. We will also consolidate lines that are in the harvest mode to reduce spending. These actions will result in some headcount reductions in our business units. I will now turn from OpEx to our end markets to provide some color. First on communications; sequentially from fiscal Q4 to Q1, bookings from the communications major end market increased modestly. Strong orders from the base station segment were offset by weakness in Telecom. Base station orders were strong due to continued built out of infrastructure in Asia, specifically in India. The data communications and networking bookings reflect Q1 over Q4. However in these markets the order rate dropped substantially quarter-to-date in Q2, due to weak global demand. Despite the current macro economic lows, we believe the need for more bandwidth for wired and wireless data will continue to rise in the future. Infrastructure support for high definition video transmission will drive most of this future of demand. Our unique mixed-signal technology positions us well to benefit from this long term growth. Next industrial; during the September quarter bookings in this end-market declined noticeably and the weakness continued in the current quarter. This weakness was largely reflected in distribution orders. The downturn was broad based affecting almost all segments within the industrial major market. Expectedly, the Q1 bookings reductions were in Automatic Test Equipment, automotive and instrumentation and measurement. The military market bookings were essentially flat. Our customers turned very cautious recently and are not willing to hold any inventory. They're only willing to place orders on us once they have confirmation, they can sell their end products. As a result lead times from customers have come down. From a longer term perspective, we continue to make progress with our distribution strategy. Distribution teams are identifying new business opportunities and we see a definite month-over-month increase in identified sockets and design wins with small and medium size customers since fiscal Q4. These new opportunities and design wins will translate to revenue in the coming years. We also expect the increase in distribution business to have a positive effect on our gross margins. Our automotive product lines have also made excellent progress in the last year. Recent design wins include mini sockets and High-brightness LED applications, embedded microcontrollers for parking assist and hybrid electric vehicle battery monitoring applications. Many of these wins are recent and will take several years to add to our revenue. The additional Mobile-Vision product lines who are extensive power, system management, audio and video product portfolio will also fuel growth. We'll have an end-the-end solution in the high growth video security market, also a segment of industrial. Third, I'll discuss computing; as projected we saw sequential bookings weakness in the computing major market, specifically, in Notebook motherboard power management. The weakness exceeded our forecast based on the Santa Rosa and Montevenia transition. This was caused by our ODM customers taking a cautious stand due to global economic conditions worsening. Several San Jose models were terminated more abruptly than forecasted. On the other hand, we see good growth prospects in the next calendar year in our storage business. The program stalled by development delays unrelated to Maxim was finally started. This was our 3 Gig expander products. We also have begun sampling our 6 Gig expander. This product was well received by our Tier 1 customers since it reduces power consumption 30% over computing products. Finally, the consumer end-market. During Q1, Maxim's revenue was up strongly and bookings from this end-market were up modestly from the prior quarter. Digital camera bookings were up and handsets were flat. However, just recently our Tier 1 handset customers signaled that they will reduce their inventory levels and take a wait-and-see attitude before production launching several new models in which we have won sockets. Despite the side level of short term customer cautious stand, we are extremely pleased with our design win results. This clearly validates our strategy to offer products with higher levels of integration in those markets. Higher integration facilitates market share gain and also protects gross margins, since there are limited competitors capable of developing such products. In the handset market, we have several trends as to generate market share gains in the next calendar year. One, continued market share gain and standalone subsystems and Kodak design wins for audio. Two, mini analog baseband products ramping next year, these combine power audio and additional digital functionality in 3G and GSM EDGE platforms that we were not in previously. Three, our Integration analog baseband products will go into production last year. These products will be used along side Marvel and Samsung applications processors. We are also pleased with our inner business unit collaborative work that produced the smallest analog baseband solutions for Intel's mobile internet devices platform. Our team is sampling a chip set that is 45% smaller in solution size than our nearest competitors. Finally, I will turn to the impact of the economy on Maxim. We are all aware of the global economic downturn. I do not believe any of us is able to predict how deep it will be and how long it will last. Rather than attempting to be precise in our forecast with the economy, what we will do is move ahead prudently. First and foremost, we will continue to emphasize innovation and also develop our integration products. Second, we will be mindful of our spending. We will cut back R&D in businesses that are not producing acceptable growth or margins, while increasing emphasis on businesses that are growing and have the potential to produce high levels that absolute margin dollars. Third, we will use our cash wisely, to add strategic technology and product lines to the company through acquisitions. Four, we will invest in activities that accelerate our design wins whether internal or by way of distribution. And fifth, we will support our shareholders and provide returns in the form of continued dividend payments and the strategic repurchase of our stock. As I said, these are difficult times for all of us. However, we have a very resilient company. Our cash flow from operations remained strong even at lower revenue levels and we have a good cash position. I am confident the actions we are taking, will enable Maxim to weather the current macro economic storm, and emerge from it a winner. I will turn the call back to Paresh.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director, Investor Relations: That's the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. Operator pleases begin polling for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions].Our first question comes from Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. I know since you have gone through us all the factors affecting the current quarter, but between your last announcement and the current guidance, can you point out more specifically what really changed to literally current significant sequential declining guidance?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay, well, if you look at when we... our timing in terms of when we provided guidance the last time, it was very early in our fiscal quarter of Q2. And we essentially relied on the forecast at the time as well as the bookings we had in Q1, which were down 6% and our opening backlog was down about 8%. So that was the data we had; it was what we had received as forecast from our business units as well as our sales force to provide guidance very early in our quarter. However as the quarter progressed, we noticed that our booking levels dropped sharply and we also did another poll of our customers, both from our business units and from our sales force, and decided that overall there was a decline in the demand from our customers. So that's the reason we essentially had to reduce our forecast further. Also, as we also noticed that many of the small customers actually began to reduce their booking levels before our large customers did. And therefore, the news from the large customers came later because typically they have shorter lead times provided to us and that contributed as well.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay, that's helpful. If I look at what you are doing, can you just help me understand where utilization rates stands today? Where you'll be exiting with utilization rates by the end of the December quarter? And what that will mean for your inventory right now? I know you said you are taking all these actions. But if you can just, let me know. And also while answering that, if you can also tell me where the general inventory is right now as well that would be helpful? So three points in there; one is utilization rates now where you'll be? What it means by inventory and what it means for the channel situation? Thank you.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay, I'll take part of that and Bruce can answer the rest of it. But in terms of our utilization rates, they remain relatively unchanged from the previous quarter at about 70%, 75% range. In terms of the inventory and the channel, they also from an absolute basis, really have not changed substantially from Q4 to Q1. And let's see what was your third question?
Uche Orji - UBS: My third question is if you can tell me what that means for inventory and where channel inventory is now. I know your inventory level came down, but if you can just tell me where channel inventory is now relative to where it was last quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. So Uche, this is Bruce. So, I think from an inventory point of view, while we are continuing to reduce spending, I think the overall demand is probably going down a little bit faster than we can say close our Dallas fab and take some of these other actions. So we expect inventory to increase in Q2 over Q1. Exactly how much, depends on how fast we can start ramping down the spending.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: And in terms of channel inventory, we have seen the distributors are really... they began to take some actions in Q1. So we don't really see that as a major issue right now. It's reduction we are seeing is mostly because of end-demand reducing in the world, not because of there is excess inventory at least for our products.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes for John Barton with Cowen.
John Barton - Cowen & Company: Thank you. On the topic of M&A, since you've mentioned obviously you closed the Mobilygen acquisition. You talked about potentially doing some other things going forward; I think the word you used was strategically use cash. Could you give us some insight as to how you quantify the appropriate M&A transactions and potentially how much cash you are willing to use in the coming quarters in order to pursue that?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well, we really... I don't think we've really set a very strict budget on how much we are going to spend on this. What we do is we essentially have our business units look at their product portfolios. What they hear from their as to what they need in technology and the future and we might not have. And if that results in an interesting acquisition for us, then we go ahead and have the talks and pursue those. Having said that in general, we are looking forward for companies that maybe in early stages of revenue generation and those that will provide us with at least become breakeven for us within about a year so. So those are kind of the general and then obviously their products have to fit into the Maxim product line or fit into our overall strategy. So... but other than that, we really have not placed the strict budget on what we are going to spend on acquisitions.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: This is Bruce. I mean if you look at the type of companies we are looking to acquire or to really that technology companies has changed that are sort of either pre-revenue or just ramping, usually evaluations for those are $100 million or less. If you look at those for two acquisitions we've done right now, the Vitesse acquisition, the $75 million and now the Mobilygen at the $33 million. That sort of the range that you could expect. Now certainly it's a good opportunity came up above that. We obviously have the cash and flexibility to execute on that.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. As follow up if I could, Bruce you highlighted the fact that gross margins on a non-GAAP basis have been flat for quite a period of time. Putting aside inventory correction or wafer loading, et cetera. How do you think those gross margin should trend over the next year or so based upon product mix et cetera?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so that's a big arthritis [ph] you put on that as far as the kind of where demand ends up. I mean fundamentally we still believe on a non-GAAP basis the kind of 63% to 65% is the right target. We continue to work very hard to manage from a cost side, reducing for giving our capacity in line with our demand. And then from a spending point of view, again we try to we are still trying to balance against the four end markets that we are in. Mobilygen is a good example of where we are continuing to invest in a business, which is higher gross margins and in order to kind of keep that balance that we've always tried to reach with the 63% to 65%. So I think that's still the right range. I think obviously on a seasonal quarter-by-quarter, there is always a little mix change, but that's going to be managed within the 63% to 65%.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Let me add to that. I mean that is our kind of a long-term objective. And you did start your question with this qualifier, not considering the loading effect. So we will have some loading effects essentially until we completed the shut down of our Dallas facility.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Yes, thank you. I'll start with the core power for notebooks; are there any other end markets or applications that you are seeing increasing competition making it more difficult in terms of managing that revenue and margin?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: The notebook market, all of the... whatever functions you look at, there is competition, because there is large market therefore a target that's set by many competitors. But in those parts the of notebook, where the number of competitors are less and we can make more differentiated products for instance highly integrated products or multi functions on a chip. In those areas, we're really are seeing an increased number of competitors. So in the field, where it's not commoditized or where it's not single function, we have not seen many additional competitors.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: I mean a good example of that is our cellular business and before the kind of the current crisis hit hard in our second quarter, our cellular business was up significantly in Q1, and that was third straight quarter that we saw an increase in that business from a revenue point of view. Again I think a strong indicator of to the extent that you have differentiated product, we're able to gain market share and increase our business.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then if I can just follow up, any update on the general purpose products and effort stat to expand that product portfolio?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes, I can give you some updates. I mean the business units that have more focus on those, which are in our core products division. They've made a lot of progress, they've put a lot of focus in this area and we've launched several products and programs both for development but also really emphasizing how to sell those products more effectively. I talked about our design win and identification progress we've made for example in distribution products. Almost all of those products are what I would call core products for us and those business units that make those products really have made a lot of progress in terms of both selling what they've got but also launching products that are highly differentiated in more general purpose. And we're also making good progress on as you know we started the CTO office about 6 months ago and they've been coming up with some really good ideas for us. Obviously, I can't give specifics because that's highly proprietary, but we're getting some results as to what types of general purpose type products we can make that will really differentiate Maxim from our competitors.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the question. Tun, just quickly when you look at the $50 million sort of short fall over the last two weeks in the mid part of the December guidance, can you give us a little bit color around end market. I know you talked about it being broad based. I'm just kind curious if there were a few end markets specifically complying to you. And I guess it's just if you could help me understand how the push out on the handset ramp from the Tier I customer try to come into play as well?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well if we look at most of the reduction we made as from the time we gave our first guidance. We've seen a lot of forecast reductions from our customers, especially in the handset market and we have also seen some from the computing end markets, specifically in Notebook. So those are the main ones where we've had significant number of reduction coming in the last few weeks. That's really resulted in us having to reduce our revenue guidance.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And then guys let me just do the follow on to the previous question. Just in general what are you seeing in the pricing environment right now with TI, kind of getting out, part of their handset business, would you expect to see some increased competition if these guys trying to execute towards their plan of accelerating analog growth and what's kind of your expectation in the next couple of quarters, especially if we kind of stay in this delays relative to the macro?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well, if you ... I mean if we look at the competitive landscape out there, in general we are not seeing something that's widely different from what you would expect, which is in products that are more commodity type products and they are single function. There is always pricing pressure, exactly what Texas Instruments can end of doing. We are really are not sure of. That's obviously within their plans. But in terms of the amount of competition we're seeing and as I said it's really coming mostly in the commodity products and it's really not that much different than it used to be. Obviously that could change into the future as companies look for more revenue increases for their markets, but we are pretty certain with our differentiated products, we are able to hold our prices and we certainly don't want to be the price leader in that area and we want to continue to sell product performance?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: This is Bruce, just to get back to your question on the reduction and the guidance from the preliminary to now. Another data point that I think is interesting here, is if you look historically, we usually turn about 35% to 37% of our business. And if you look at kind of the midpoint of our guidance here, that assumes about 30% turn and so what it says is, basically the booking specifically within the quarter are dramatically down from where they would be in any historical time period and that's really kind of just indicative of the slowdown in bookings that we saw. Even month-by-month it's been very significant as we've gone thought the last couple of months.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Hello?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. Bruce, on the OpEx side of things excluding the one-timers including that the ESO pop up of $14 million, how should we think about kind the GAAP number for that going forward?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: So I think on the ... I think we are still thinking if you just think of it on a non-GAAP for second Ross, the 20% to 22% and then the 5% to 6%, it's kind of been always our long term business model, right. I think the non-recurring expenses like you say over the long term should go away. Historically, Maxim hasn't had a lot of non-recurring items. I think those are just indicative of the current environment and then on the stock-based comp; again, we were at $37 million total for the company this quarter and clearly, our goal is to drive that number down. But the key thing there is we have to get through over the next couple of months. How we're going to address our annual option grants that we haven't done for three years and how we get through addressing underwater options. Once we have both of those done we'll know exactly where our stock-based comp is and I'll be able to answer your question much more precisely.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: But our long-term goal is to reduce our stock-based comp from current level.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: I guess my follow up and I know the demand picture is incredibly fluid to put it mildly your seasonality has been very, very wild in the calendar first quarter. Historically down 10% earlier this year. Generally speaking how should we think about Maxim seasonality going forward?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Let me take that, Bruce and I kind of looked at each other. So we are in a ... the way you paraphrased your question was good because, we are seeing such wild swings right now. It's really difficult for us to be able to tell whether calendar Q1 is going to be closer to what we have seen historically or not. So it's really hard for us to be able to predict, what's going to happen in calendar Q1.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: I mean Ross in one-tenth a lot of the business and at the time went say in cellular, lot of our growth storage, we see those continuing on. The flip side of that, of course is what's going to happen with the economy and just the change we saw from the ... beginning of October to the end of October in our demand picture makes it almost impossible to predict, what's going to happen now in calendar Q1
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Doug Freedman from AmTech Research.
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Thanks for taking the time guys. Can you give us a little bit more clarity on ... I know that top line started to get a handle on, but you must have some targets for your cost reductions. Can you help us understand what those targets are and may be what your shut down your temporary cost reduction plans are in the next quarter or two. And what the triggers are to make you execute on them?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. So lets start off with the kind of below the line spending right, what were doing immediate action. So in total since listed a number of items, but those included obviously the business unit restructuring, while reducing headcount in certain kind of lower ROI program. We talked about site closures, we've talked about moving certain functions, support function overseas. And when that's all said and done Doug, it's probably going to be about $3 to $5 million benefit per quarter. Those are all going on right now, so we're not going to achieve all of that this quarter obviously. And so I think that's kind of a target range that we're looking at for the actions that we have right now. Of course, we have been doing this now for a couple of quarters. So we are ... this is a continues process, we have a team that meets regularly as far as cost reduction, so we will identify ... continue to look for future cost reductions as well. I think thinking about that though from a when you think of our Q2, the offset to that of course is the Mobilygen acquisition with on a full quarter basis will be about $4 million in OpEx. So those two items pretty much offset each other, but again we're just going to continue to drive further cost reductions going forward.
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Can you help me understand where those are coming or those you said R&D, SG&A, just below the line?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: To those are... again, and then when you talk about the manufacturing costs reductions, we have previously talked about the Dallas, when that completes, that will probably be about $10 million savings per quarter. We have talked... Tun mentioned the reduced capacity of our San Jose fab and that's probably about another say $3 million a quarter benefit. All of these items that are on the manufacturing line though, those are really as we're just trying to get our capacities spending in line with our demand. And so that's really supportive of us achieving the kind of our long-term model of the 63% to 65%.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great, thank you. Just wanted to follow up a little bit on the options expense. It seems to be pretty significant shift in terms of cost of goods sold sequentially in R&D SG&A. Can you help me understand what that would look like in this quarter and then in terms of the three year catch up I guess. When would I expect to see that sort of hit the P&L?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Sure.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, normally you would expect to see about 20% of our stock-based comp, the COGS line, this quarter it was higher than that. And the reason for that was is we actually lowered inventory, and so the stock-based comp that was on the balance sheet got amortized out at a faster rate. And so that's really why we saw that sort of one-time profit in that. But I think longer term, I think another 20% is going to COGS is the appropriate way to model that. I am sorry, what was your other question?
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Yes, just when is the three year catch up, when would that happen on a stock comp, and how does that roll through?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. We are looking at that right now. Obviously we are trying to get done as soon as possible to the extent we can execute on it sooner. That would result in a lower stock-based comp charge for those... for that grant at the current stock price. So that's why we are trying to move very quickly to do that. It would probably be for out years, and so it probably is for say calendar years 1011, and '12. And so from a stock-based comp point of view, it would amortize between the grant bay and calendar year '12. Clearly our goal even with that on annual grant is that a lot of the old options are rapidly falling off. And so again our goal is to take that $37 million number and bring that down as aggressively as we can long-term while obviously continuing to incentivize our employees. We do have a very good benefit right now if there is a still remaining to the current stock price performance as that we can incentivize our employees and get them new grants at a relatively low stock-based comp change.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christ Danely from J.P. Morgan.
ChristopherDanely - JPMorgan: Thanks guys. Can you here me?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
ChristopherDanely - JPMorgan: Okay, great. First question is on the balance sheet. It sounds like you prefer M&A activity to cranking up the buyback. I am just curious as to why at this given point in time the stock price?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I wouldn't necessarily say that's an accurate assumption. Obviously we are looking at both. We actually did the preannouncement in order to get on to the market and buy our stock at the lower prices because we felt that it was a very compelling value. So, within the last couple of weeks, we bought 5.5 million shares for $77 million. So I think we're out there, part of that is you are just limited based on your four week trailing volume from a 10B-18 point of view. Having said all that in this uncertain environment suddenly having the flexibility of whether we look for a strategic acquisition, whether we continue to repurchase shares or whether we just make sure, we have plenty of reserve in case if recession terms significantly deeper or appears to be significantly longer. So, we have no visibility too.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes, and also let me add to that perspective. So that is also one of the reasons, we did not do an accelerated share repurchase. We believe that in this environment the company needs all the flexibility it can have. So we didn't want to go ahead and essentially complete a quick share repurchase. So that we would have the flexibility to do whatever we needed to do whether it's doing acquisitions or a buyback. And I think that that... we really believe that that's a good strategy for the company going forward until we got more certainty in the market.
ChristopherDanely - JPMorgan: Sure. And then as my follow up question on gross margins; if we take a look at the effects of the lower utilization and accelerated depreciation, should we assume that margins drop again in your fiscal third quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Third quarter or second quarter?
ChristopherDanely - JPMorgan: Fiscal third quarter, should we assume the gross margins drop again?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: I think they will continue to ... obviously, we are not giving guidance for that quarter. But I think just because of the utilization, there will continue to be pressure.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: It really will depend on what the revenue is, and I think it's too early for us to give that guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes thank you. It just feels like you are a little bit more aggressive this time around with your cost reductions, is this purely just to respond to the shortening bookings or any other event that may trigger that?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: So Tore this is Bruce. We've been absolutely, we were working on this ahead of time. We new that we had to try to manage OpEx, I mean our goal has been to try to keep it flat. We knew that we had the merit increase coming up here, and that we wanted to be able to deal with that. And we knew we had the ability to do acquisitions and still manage the OpEx. So a lot of its work, we had already started and was ongoing. I would say that maybe the sudden drop-off in bookings gave it a little bit more urgency, but lot of the work and planning was already started.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes, so I ... Bruce answered the part of that that's mainly driven our OpEx, but also in terms of manufacturing, these have been under works for over a year now. The Dallas fab for instance, we announced that in Q3 fiscal Q3 and there are many other programs like reducing our, the overall cost by transferring those offshore. Those started last year, so it's not ... this was not a reaction to what happened in the last month, but it's been going on for while.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Sounds good and then once you are done with consolidation plans, what would be your capacity from a breaking order [ph] perspective. I am not asking your utilization rate, I am just trying to understand with what you will have left how much revenue could you potentially produce?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: We can produce a lot of revenue, mainly because we do, as you recall we did the strategic foundry partnership with Epson so that gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of being able to start wafers. And that capacity is, actually it's larger than what we had doubt [ph] so it easily offsets what we are we setting down, and we've also significant capacity in our San Antonio facility as well when we want add slow. But we have planning of room to grow in terms of wafer Fabs and as you know the Irving facility, it's not, there is no equipment there right now, but that's available for us in case we do need it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Yes. I just want to get some clarification. Since we don't really know how deep and how long this downturn is going to last. At what point, I ... here already one of the programs that you have to reduce cost, but I was wondering, particularly in the seasonally soft for the third quarter of this coming year. If we have a lot of these self through and the OEMs come back and say we didn't do good job in reducing our inventory and have another big dip. At what point do you want to show on a GAAP black ink in Q1? I mean, in third quarter and what other additional things you might be able to do lower your breakeven point more? Should that sort of thing happen?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, David as I said, I mean we have an ongoing profit improvement team. They're working all the time and we have announced the items that we're implementing today. If that scenario happens with us, weather that scenario happens or not. We're going to continue to aggressively work to manage our OpEx and weed out inefficiencies, I mean we're doing that on a regular basis, just so that we can make sure we're investing in future growth drivers. If the scenario, you layout comes true, we may be a little bit more prudent in those future growth investment and just focus on the cost reduction and lowering that.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: So David, this is Tun. So I mean we've got several things in mind which I actually would not like to specify right now. But we will have depending on how our customers forecast g, we will probably have to take more actions if necessary in our fiscal Q3. Yes, as you said that there is continued dropping of demand overall world wide and continuing drop in our revenues. So, we have some options in terms of making sure that we can get through a period where there is further drop in our revenues.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay, and a quick one. In terms of your tax rate on a GAAP basis for fiscal 2010, should I use 11% and that's about as close as you are likely to get? Well I think we ought to get, you don't have that, do you?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: No.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: For 11?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: We will get back to you on that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rahman Shah from Barclays Capital
Rahman Shah - Barclays Capital: Hey guys. Sounds like you are undertaking a pretty large restructuring. Bruce, could you give us the non-GAAP gross margin guidance and non-GAAP operating expense guidance for fiscal Q2?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think on the non-GAAP gross margin, we were at 62.8% this quarter and when we look at the next quarter again...
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: You mean60.8% in Q1.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: In Q1,in the actual quarter, correct. And when we look at the current quarter, fiscal Q2 the issue there is really going to be from the overhead absorption. And has we continue to, proactively try to manage inventory and not build too much, we're going to be lowering ... we've been lowering our moves. And so if you think about how overhead absorption works, at sort of, the unfavorable variances drove out over several quarters. And so, we had some impact, due to the lower overhead absorption in Q1, that will continue, that rolls into Q2, plus we have the new in Q2. So, I think a way to think about that is we had about an 80 basis point hit in Q1 due to the lower overhead absorption. You could see that number about doubling, and so we are probably going to be at about a 150 to 200 basis points lower on a non-GAAP basis on the gross margin side. When we look at the OpEx, a key part of that's really going to be how the timing of the execution on some of these items. So, I think that much harder to predict at this time. Clearly, if you look at the last couple of quarters in Q1, we were flat. The prior two quarters were around 1%. And so our goal is to manage that as close as possible, to keeping them flat and, again the kind of the ... the puts and takes this quarter are all cost reduction activities is going to offset by the fourth quarter merit increase and the Mobile-Vision acquisition.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yeah. One point that I'd like to make is that the Q2 gross margin estimate, the wild card there is what we are going to have to do for inventory reserves. So, that always has been one of the changes a lot quarter-to-quarter. And with the future forecast, next 12 month forecast changing so rapidly that's something that could change it one way or the other.
Rahman Shah - Barclays Capital: Well, okay. So, you are guiding non-GAAPs. I realize there is a ... may be a higher deviator here. But you are guiding non-GAAP gross margins down a 150 to 200 basis points sequentially. Operating expenses you said would be flat in the quarter? Non-GAAP?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: We basically said there is that we can't, very difficult to tell, right? Because of all of these cost reduction activities until we execute on those and understand exactly what the benefit is going to be. So, all of those are in progress as we speak. And so its very difficult to assess the exact savings we are going to get. My comment to you was that if you look at our past, right, in Q1 we were flat, in the prior two quarters we were up a very small amount. So, clearly that's our goal going forward, exactly where it comes out of Q2 right now depends on how fast we can execute on these initiatives.
Rahman Shah - Barclays Capital: I would think if your revenues are down 15%, your operating expenses would be down, may be not the same, just the same amount, but certainly down on a sequential basis?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: And certainly we were pushing on in that direction. I think we had the opportunity to do the Mobil-Vision acquisition. And I think when those kind of ... those strategic opportunities come along, and we thought that was the right think to go do. And so that's probably what's offsetting and otherwise without that we would be down.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Hello?
Operator: Hello?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes.
Operator: You have your phone on mute possibly. Not receiving your response.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay. Why don't we go on to the next caller?
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis from Citi.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thanks for getting me in. Bruce, in the press release on the pre-announcement the company identified that it might use another $750 million to buyback stock. I think the implication there was that it might be debt denominated. Under what conditions would the company think about going out and augmenting or altering its capital structure to take out another big slug of stock?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: This is Tun actually answering that question. It really is going to depend a lot on several things. It's going to depend on what the state of the economy and the demand is for our product. And how long the downturn is going to last. It also depends on what acquisitions are presented to us as possibilities. So we are really looking at all the time. It's something that we are considering. But we've really not set a set a condition that's going to trigger debt based buyback right now.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Are you saying that, Tun, that at least when you look at something like that, you'd feel more comfortable moving in that direction once you develop the global economy and somewhat stabilized?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: That would be one of the parameters that absolutely has an affect on whether we want to take on debt or not.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: And Craig, as you know the markets effectively aren't hoping at this point in time anyway so.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Dryden from Charter Equity.
John Dryden - Charter Equity: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Tun, for calendar '09 wireless handsets, are you seeing any slowdowns in your existing customers bringing your 3G design solutions to market? And then the second question for Bruce, could you just provide the clarification for last two fiscal quarters of '09 for the tax rate? I thought you said 31%, but I am not sure.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay, so I'll take the first part of that question. So, in terms of our cellular customers, they absolutely have put on the breaks for this quarter. But for calendar '09, they're being cautious right now. But, I know that we do have a lot of design wins in these 3G and new GSM, EDGE handsets. So, I believe that they are going continue to make handsets. So, because of our market share gain, I think that should be a good area for growth for us. However, most of them really are currently so focused on what's happening today that they're not really providing any solid forecast for what's going to happen calendar year '09. But most of our growth is going to be filled by the fact that we have increased our market share in that space.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: And then the full year tax rates, we're forecasting 31%.
John Dryden - Charter Equity: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank our next question comes from Krishna Shankar from JMP securities.
Krishna Shankar - JMP securities: Yes, in the computing segment, can you give us some sense for when you would expect to retake market share or any designing activities in notebook refresh cycles at spring or in perhaps AMDB's platforms?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: This is Tun. I assume you are asking about motherboard power supply products?
Krishna Shankar - JMP securities: Right, both motherboards and notebooks power management.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes, what I meant was notebook motherboard power supply. Maxim really is not much in desktop at all.
Krishna Shankar - JMP securities: Right.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: So, not an area we've put any investments into. So in terms of the notebook, motherboard power management, there are really a lot of the products there have been very commoditized. So we've really have not invested very heavily into that area. So and we're not counting really on being able to increase our market share in any substantial manner. We really want to do so in other areas of the notebook PC and that's our current strategy.
Krishna Shankar - JMP securities: So, what are some of the other areas in notebooks you've focused on?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: So in the notebooks there is, we are focused on are any place that we can have a differentiated product on the motherboard, which is not that many right now. We have many products, many developments and R&D investments going in the display area or display piece of a notebook. We also have products in very... actually very high performance products with very few competitors and the battery, fuel gauging and management area. So, we also have products for... interface products for example for, you say, the drivers. So there is other products that we do make that are interesting to us, and we can differentiate ourselves on the notebook market.
Operator: Thank you. Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC come back in the queue. Do you want to see if they have resolved their issue?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Can you repeat that please.
Operator: Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC, the person that queued up earlier that we couldn't hear.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Okay, all right.
Mahesh Sanganaria - RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys, can you folks hear me?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Yes we can.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Mahesh Sanganaria - RBC Capital Markets: Good, okay. I had just one quick question, because most of my question have been answered. When you folks look into next year, calendar '09, at a high level... what do you guys see as a key growth drivers both in terms of end-markets and products, and how would you compare your growth prospects in '09 compared to your peers?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Well, okay. So, three difficult for us to be able say, very specific peers now we are going do. But we do have market segments such as the one I mentioned, which is the handset market, where we really had come up with a new line of products last year and have been announcing them in the last few quarters. I believe that that will grow a lot of growth for us for calendar '09. We also have products we are making in the computing market for example for storage. There's new products that we've made that we've acquired actually that are now beginning to ramp because of some projects that just are going into production right now. We've got products we're making for various flat panel displays that we are going to see products, nothing in the future. We also... we will begin to see some times probably towards the end of '09, some of the activities we have in increasing our emphasis of selling our core products, begin to show up, I think for the distribution channel. So, and those changes will be fairly gradual. So, especially the ones through distribution, they take a year or two from the time we get the identification and the design we've done, and that started pretty much last year. So, those should begin to slowly impact us in calendar year '09 towards the end of it.
Mahesh Sanganaria - RBC Capital Markets: And if could have a quick follow-up, focusing on the computer segment, when do you folks plan to see a turnaround in your sequential growth? I believe the last quarter your expectation was that you will not see hit around [ph] in notebook second growth until maybe second half of the next year. Is that still true or do you think pretty much see a turnaround earlier?
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: We had said in the last conference call was that during the transition from Santa Rosa to Montevenia, we would see our share of market decline. And we had said that that would last about two quarters or so from the time we've said that. And to answer that there will be some increases because of market share gains in other areas that are non-motherboard. So, I guess two quarters from the time we said it is about fiscal Q3 roughly.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Chief Financial Officer: And I think we are still on track with that obviously the wild card now is obviously the economy and the softening demand. That's going to impact that performance in that business as well.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director, Investor Relations: Operator, I think we'd like to end the call at this time.
Operator: Thank you.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director, Investor Relations: Thank you. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We'd like to thank you for continued participation and interest in Maxim.
Tun Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director: Thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day. .

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-08-10 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Paresh Maniar - Executive Director of IR Bruce E. Kiddoo - VP of Finance Tun Doluca - President and CEO Pirooz Parvarandeh - Group President Vijay Ullal - Group President Doug Freedman - American Technology Research Christopher J. Neil - Division VP
Analysts: Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities Craig Berger - FBR Capital Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities Uche Orji - UBS Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers Manish Goyal - TIAA-CREF David Woo - Global Crown Capital Craig Ellis - Citigroup John Dryden - Charter Equity Research Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Steve Smigie - Raymond James
Operator: Thank you for standing-by. Good day and welcome to Maxim Integrated Products Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. Paresh Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. And welcome everyone to our fiscal fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are; Chief Executive Officer Tun Doluca, Group President, Pirooz Parvarandeh, Group President, Vijay Ullal, Division Vice President, Chris Neil and Vice President of Finance, Bruce Kiddoo. There are some administrative items that I would like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that the statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end-market consumption of our products, the estimated time to complete our restatement project and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2005. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, in keeping with SEC's fair disclosure requirements, we have made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. And operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. Before I hand the call over to Bruce, I want to remind you of the contents of our January 31, 2007 press release, which reported that due to stock option accounting matters, Maxim expects to restate its financial statements. Since the company has not yet issued restated financial statements, we are unable to provide detailed GAAP or non-GAAP financials for the quarter end fiscal year ended June 28, 2008. As a result, all numbers contained in our press release and discussed on this call exclude all stock-based compensation. These number should be treated as estimates only and are subject to change. I'll now pass the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Thank you, Paresh. I will begin by providing a status of the restatement effort. Measurement based for stock option grants and the related accounting treatment have been determined. We are in a final phase of the restatement process with three primary remaining task, finalizing calculations for stock-based compensation expense and the related tax impact, generating amended and updated 10-K and 10-Q financial statement, and completion of our procedures by our two independent accounting firms. Presently no significant accounting issues or scope additions are pending with our auditors. So our completion is not dependent on external parties other than for the task described above. This remove the significant level of uncertainty and we are focused on completing the final free task as soon as possible. Based on our progress to-date, we expect to record additional non-cash stock-based compensation expense during fiscal 1995 through fiscal 2006 of approximately $800 million pretax. At the same time that our restated financial statements for such years are filed with the SEC. We've will file our annual reports on form 10-K for fiscal years 2007and 2008 and six quarterly reports on form 10-Q for the first three quarters of fiscal years 2007 and 2008. Collectively these filings will bring us current with our reporting obligations with the SEC. Looking ahead, once we are current with our filings we are forecasting stock-based compensation expense in fiscal Q1 2009 to decline by a approximately 20% compared to stock-based compensation expense reported in our press release stated August 4, 2006 for fiscal Q4 2006. Moving onto the results of our recently completed June quarter, let us start with certain items from the income statement. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $501.3 million slightly above the midpoint of our guidance. This is 2.8% increase from the $487.4 million of revenue recorded in the previous quarter. For the fiscal year ending June 28, 2008 the company achieved record net revenues of $2.051 billion. Our revenue mix by major end market in Q4 was approximately 31% computing, 26% consumer, 23% industrial and 20% communications. In the computing market we had strong sequential revenue growth. As expected growth was driven by a key battery customers are recovering from his plant fire the ongoing land of our storage business continued share gains in the notebook display segment and the extension of the of the Santa Rosa platform. In the consumer market our revenue grew enhance, that as expected. This was offset by general weakness in other consumer markets. In the communications market our revenue grew due to continued strength in the Asia infrastructure market. And finally in the industrial market our revenue was essentially flat inline with normal seasonality. Gross margins in Q4 improved by 60 basis points over Q3. As projected in our last earnings call gross margins decline slightly due to mix versus the previous quarter. However, we benefited from a favorable adjustments through our warranty reserves. Q4 was our seventh straight quarter of stable gross margins. As forecasted we tightly managed operating expenses in Q4 increasing only 1% sequentially and well below our sequential revenue growth of 2.8% giving at leverage below the line. Total non-recurring items during Q4 were $35 million, including approximately 19.4 million related our restatement. The ongoing ramp down of the Dallas wafer fab and test operations resulted in Q4 charges of 3.4 million for severance and 11.3 for accelerated depreciation. We will report additional charges for accelerated depreciation and severance over the reaming period of the Dallas wafer fab ramp down. Turning to the balance sheet; total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by 15 million during Q4. Strong cash flow generated from operations was primarily reduced by $60 million for dividend and $36 million in payments for previously acquired property and equipment. Inventory excluding stock-based compensation increased 2% during the quarter in line with revenue growth. Average days sales outstanding decreased from 52 to 49 days due to improve linearity. Capital expenditures totaled $37 million in Q4, down $5 million form Q3 and down $29 million from Q2. This is consistent with our goals and reduced capital expenditures and at the lowest part we announced in two years. Capital expenditures during fiscal 2008 totaled $230 million, which was at the low end of $200 million to $250 million of guidance and 44% decline from the company's capital expenditures in fiscal 2007. Regarding bookings and backlogs, during Q4 Maxim bookings grew sequentially and the book-to-bill was ratio was 1. The ongoing chips in customer vendor mange inventory program distorts the magnitude of quarter-to-quarter booking comparison. We are therefore discounting our practice to provide specific booking numbers that will provide directional information regarding bookings in future quarters. Our beginning current quarter backlog of net realizable revenue for Q1 is $326.3 million. This is a 0.9% increase over the backlogs of net realizable revenue of $323.4 million at the beginning of Q4. Based on our bookings and beginning backlog we expect Q1 revenue to be between $500 million $510 million. Our Q1 revenue reflects the reduction in our notebook core management business primarily due to transition of Intel base notebooks from Santa Rosa to Montevenia. Given the current macro economic environment in the notebook core power headwind we believe our revenue guidance affirms the strength in the rest of our business. Our revenue growth in Q1 will be driven by the following market segments. Cell phones at the normal seasonal strength in that segment is augmented by a revenue ramp from recent design wins. LCD displays driven by growing demand, communication as the built out our wireless infrastructure in Asia continues and in industrial markets as we see broad based demand. Overall we expect growth in three of our core end market. For gross margin Q1 will not have the benefit of the Q4 warrantee adjustment and factory utilizations will decline as we carefully manage inventory. Therefore we expect gross margin to be around the low-end of our target range. We are actively working on various cost reduction initiatives including the shut down of the Dallas fab to achieve our objective of stable gross margins. For operating expenses Maxim's annual power increase goes into effect at the beginning of September. The last month of the current quarter. Therefore operating expenses will increase slightly in Q1. In Q1 we again expect strong cash flow offset by dividend payments for previously acquired capital equipment and goodwill payments for expired options. In FY09 we expect capital expenditure to be in the range of $150 million to $175 million, which at the midpoint will be at 24% decline over FY08. Due to our continued strong cash flow and management's confident in the business going forward. We announced today 6.7% increase in our dividends. This is part of our comprehensive review of our capital structure including our dividend and share repurchase programs. We will provide further details on share repurchase program after the restatement has complete. I will now hand the call over to Tun to provide additional comments.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bruce, and thank you all for joining our call, and good afternoon. Maxim just completed another year of record revenue and strong cash flow from operations as Bruce mentioned previously. In spite of these results, we are disappointed that our growth has slowed in recent years, as has the rest of the industry. Maxim is implementing several initiatives designs to increase earnings growth in future period. Many of these initiatives have been announced in prior conference calls. On the product development front we accelerated a new product introductions in our just ended fiscal year as measured by engineering contents. The metric we use for measuring our engineering content, which will report to design engineering nine months introduced grew by 44% in fiscal 2008 over 2007. This mark two consecutive years of improvement and we expect this performance to serve as the catalyst for future growth. We expect further improvement in R&D productivity going forward. As you may recall we organized our business units by end market focused in April. We expect the skill set alignment, IP we use, technology platform consolidation, and closer collaboration to further improve the productivity of our R&D team. In other area of noticeable improvement during the recently ended fiscal year was our performance to delivery commitment made to our customers. Our on-time delivery to the originally promised ship date improves from approximately 89% in fiscal 2007 to 94% in 2008. Key contributors to this were improved manufacturing cycles time and attention to customer deliveries at all employee levels. As we noted in our earnings press released last quarter, this improved customers satisfaction enable us to achieve preferred supplier status that kind of the 11 partner accounts to provide formal supplier rate. I will now turn to key growth drivers for the coming years in our major markets. I will start with communications first. Our RF products are achieving good growth in base stations. Since they enabled the highest level of sensitivity. This is expected to provide revenue growth as the GSMH deployment in China and India continues. Our optical transceiver chipsets are best suited for meeting the stringent requirements of GPON length and are benefiting from the GPON rollout. Additionally, we provide specialized timely intergraded products for the control and monitoring functions in optical modules. These expands our available dollar content, for optical link Next the industrial market, portable ultrasound medical equipment are being rapidly deployed worldwide. We sell highly integrated analog front-end that provides a highest image quality at very low power. We also supply the industries smallest high-voltage switches and highly innovated pulser into the this application. While visiting customers in China, I observed many design wins in this application. Maxim's sample [ph] detection and encryption circuit have a growing position in secured financial terminals. We continue to expand our product offerings by providing specialized solutions. Data integrity and security is an ongoing challenge for most institutions, and we are able to help our customers with our products. A recently introduced electricity meter products has been sampled to over 25 customers. We have more than half a dozen design wins already thanks to our superior power measurement accuracy. Now turning to the computing market. As expected we lost notebook PC motherboard DC to DC converter revenue due to the switch over from Santa Rosa to Montevenia base notebook designs. In the medium term some of that loss will be offset by again in our display and battery life. Our battery pack business is expected to grow from fiscal 2008 to 2009 shipments will rebound that our customers as they recover from their unfortunate plant fire last year. We also recently introduced our next-generation products and have already won design in Japan and Taiwan. These projects will be ramping by the end of this calendar year. In the storage market Maxim's baseboard management chips and 3 gigabit per second expanders ramping up in designs that we won earlier in the year. In addition our first 6 gigabit per second products are out of way for fab and are generating a lot of interest at our Tier 1 customers. Our Estated [ph] redrivers allow high speed signals from notebook PCs to be transmitted to an external data hard drives. We expect this feature to become popular since this link enables much nice faster data transfer than USB and mobile hard disks backup application. Our broadband switches allow desktop PC manufactures the flexibility to choose between internal or external graphics cards with a common platform. We already have multiple design wins in this display ford application. We expect the LCD display segment to provide large percentage revenue growth in fiscal 2009. Key contributors are highly integrated power management products, and enhanced video functionality. Maxim has long existing relationships with Tier 1 customers in the display market in Korea, Taiwan and Japan. We have been executing well on fast development schedules, and are meeting our customer's time to market needs. As a reminder, LCD displays fall under, both the computing and consumer major markets, since they're shipped with PC and as televisions. We continue to expand our presence in the consumer market. In the handset segment, the market share that we're gaining audio subsystems at both major Korean handset makers will drive revenue intermediate term. Additionally, we've been shipping multiple ICs in the recently introduce 3G Phones, that is enjoying very good market acceptance. A new highly integrated IC consisting of audio subsystem, codec, automatic global control, and equalization has made Maxim a leading vendor of digital audio as one of the Tier 1 handset customers in Korea. This provides new revenue stream for us by expanding our dollar content per handset. Our mini-analog base band products score design wins in multiple models. At a Tier 1 Korean handset manufacturer. Integrated audio functionality was the key differentiator contributing to these win. Revenue from these handsets is expected to contribute noticeably in calendar 2009. Additionally, a high integration analog base band chips that's includes power management, touch screen controller, and the audio subsystems achieved the design win along side of Marvel applications processes. Design wins for anti-shake products, the Japanese and Taiwanese digital SLR camera customers, are a successful step for our integration path for this market segment. This expands our available market, in digital cameras beyond power management. That covers a small sampling of our growth opportunity. As you can see, Maxim continues to excel at delivering analog and mix signal chips that add value to our customers and products. The restatement process will be behind us soon. We are looking forward to the opportunity to reintroduce Maxim into the investment community. We firmly believe that our strong cash flow and our significant growth opportunity, make us one of the most exciting company in the mix signal analog semiconductor space. Now with that, I will turn the call back to Paresh.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director of Investor Relations: That is the end of our prepared comments. We will now welcome your questions. Please limit yourselves to one question with one follow-up. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi guys, just two questions. First, on the revenue line and then on the gross margin line. On the revenue side of things, could you give us a little bit of idea of how we should quantify what the notebook impact is, with Montevenia replacing Santa Rosa, and kind of what that does to impact your revenue outlook?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Ross. Well, I think that if we look at that impact, we believe that to be somewhere in the upcoming quarter somewhere in the range of about 1% to 2% of revenue type impact and going forward you know allow back headwind for maybe a couple of other quarters. And then, we expect that to be behind us.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then, I guess, keeping on the revenue theme on second thought. Earlier this year, you talked about increased seasonality given the change in your business model, even if I include that notebook part it doesn't seem like you're particularly more seasonal than any sort of historical basis. Can you describe why not?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Yes, Ross, this is Bruce. I think when we look at our business and kind of macro environment that we are in right now. When we look at Q4 results with the 2.8% sequential growth we're probably at the high end or certainly above the average of our peers. And, when we look at the Q1 guidance, and you make that adjustment for the notebook power management business we are in the same range as our peers well. And so the issue really is, kind of macro economic environment it's really kind of slowing down everybody. And it's affected us as well. As I said in comments, we think when you make that adjustment for the notebook power management business, and you assume that that's going to be behind us very soon. We're very comfortable with the growth that were showing both this quarter and going forward.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just help us understand a little bit what your operating expense spending plans are in dollars, as we move forward?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bruce, you want to take that?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Sure, and unfortunately we can't talk specifically about numbers right now. I can say over the two quarters, we've managed OpEx so that's it's only grown right around 1%, the last two quarters sequentially. And certainly, our goal going forward is to manage OpEx very tightly to drive leverage. Certainly, our goal is to have it grow at a slower rate than revenue. And, we are very focused on that internally, at the company and we'll continue to be focused on that in the fiscal year '09 going forward. I just want to say to the extent that once revenue begins to accelerate as we get through this period, we expect to drive additional leverage by continuing to manage OpEx very closely.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Can you update on your White House [ph] semiconductor storage product acquisition a little bit, with maybe what the investment profile is for that business, what your competitive position is, what the growth opportunities are? Thank you.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So, for the storage products acquisition that we did about a year ago, we are really very happy with that acquisition. We've had a, as I mentioned in my talk, we've got a lot of design wins in the two areas basically, one was base board management chips, and chip and the other one really is in 3 gigabit per second expanded products. So, those are going very well. And, as I said before, our 6 giga expanders is out of fab, and our tier one customers are very excited about that solution that were providing. So, I think it's going to be a good opportunity for growth for the company.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Can you talked little bit about the investment profiles associated with that business, and the scaled to be with LSI and Marvel?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our major investment in that area is in these two products lines that I mentioned. So, it's not as comprehensive, in terms of what you are thinking about, a complete rate solution and so on. So, we're really investing in some specialized products, where we can see, our ability to do, high speed files and so on. In an integrated fashion are very critical. So, we are not investing as heavily as somebody like LSI is.
Craig Berger - FBR Capital: Thanks for the detail, and good luck.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc Of America Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Yes hi. I have a couple of questions. First, Tun or Bruce, if you could just talk to any changes perhaps, you've seen in your order patterns that Texas Instruments have talked about weakness in June, a little bit excess inventory in the channel, and a slow start to the month of July. If there is any color you could offer on that front, and then I had a follow-up? Thank you.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Sure. This is Bruce. Our bookings patterns in Q4 were similar to our prior period. So I don't think there was anything unusual there. From the distributors side, our inventory was in essence flat, it was up slightly in the U.S. at Avnet is restocking so we transitioned that business from Aerial and it was down slightly international. And from a revenue point of view, it was essentially flat as well. So we think that the... that's the channel that the inventory seem under control from our point of view. And really the way we're looking at that business now as we went through the conversion from Aerial to Avnet we think that conversion happened very successfully. We didn't see any drop off in our business, which was the risk. We've made it through that process and now we're beginning the focus on the demand creation side, which is really the long-term value that we are going of our strategy with Avnet.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then I had a follow-up on broadly on margins, so first you say that gross margins would be at the low end of the range. I'm assuming that low into the 64 plus or minus a 100 basis point? And then on operating expenses, your guiding for slight increase is that a couple of percent and once we get past these focal increases, can we expect to see the benefit of the restructuring that you had initiated or talked about early in the year, you know, as it's related to your transceiver line and how that will benefit operating margins?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Certainly, so the restructuring occurred in at the end of January. So we had a partial benefit in our March quarter and we had a full benefit in the June quarter. so, as where we only grew operating expenses about 1% versus the 3% growth and revenue we didn't see that benefit already of that restructuring when we talked about the September quarter we said that OpEx would increase slightly as we indicated that's really due to we are clearly going to try to keep that as lower than increase as possible given that's the revenue growth at the mid point is only growing at point 7% and then as I said going forward we are going to continue aggressively manage that number just like mixture on ability around gross margin we have now very focus in the company to manage OpEx the same way.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: And then on gross margin you think you will at the low-end of the range it's basically 63, is that right way to think about?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Yeah, I mean incorrect our range is really 63% to 65% and so we expect to be around the low-end there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike McConnell from Pacific Crest Securities.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. Could you Bruce talk about just with respect to the restatements what should mean soon. I mean, are we expecting it to happen in the September quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: It hasn't been a good idea for us to give dates, but having said that we clearly have made substantial progress and if you look at the remaining tag a hand [ph] which is really just doing the final calculations, preparing the Qs and Ks and getting our orders to sign off on both of those... this is really execution at this phase, and so we are very confident that a lot of the uncertainty that has been in that was out there previously we move fast. We are depended on any external parties except for the order procedures perform by our local orders. So from that point of view we were moved to significant amount of risk. So we do expect to get this completed as soon as possible. And hope we will don't have to talk about this again.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: It is fair to say sooner than later?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Absolutely.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. And then how much cash does the company need really to run the business?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: So, we are taking a look at that and having those discussion internally and one third board. But, I think it's fair to say, roughly about 500 million to 700 million is a good bench market when you look at that compared to our peers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you very much. Just a couple of short simple questions. The first is when I look at your handset design wins, just can you tell us how do dollar contents of you what you have changed within handsets than and then what is the current contribution handsets to the revenue of the company?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I will take that. First of all, I'd rather not specify exactly what the dollar content of any of our end market sales is. Other than just talking about in major market, but we believe that these new products high leading products that we mentioned the dollar content has increase to somewhere between depending on the application $2 to $4, So it's significant for us, and especially the amount of integration that we see is allowing us to suck in more of the content that would be done in discreet.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay. In terms of what that means for your margins I mean it would be one way for us to calibrate this if you where to compared the margins from this two computing and it related to that also. Could you just talk to me about your strategic commitments to the computing businesses, when I look at the competitive environment it looks like many other players are trying to get more aggressive in this market. So two questions here one is, just help me index this contribution of handsets, and then speak about your strategic commitments, and how you respond to the competitive environment and in the computing market?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. There are really two questions there. I mean, in general the answer is that whenever we are able differentiate our products, we get better margins, and what we find us in the handset market for example we that obviously is a very large targets. So everybody is interested in it. But the number of companies they can make differentiated products are much fewer in that area. And we are able to take all these diverse IP areas like I mentioned power management, audio, touch screen interface, USB etcetera. And when we put those all together, and make a list of companies that can do the same, it's a very, very short list. So, even though the margin may be slightly below our company average. It would very expectable and very exciting area first to be in. Now, to turn back to the computing area the story is a little bit different. In that area there are on the motherboard many sockets that really is very tough to differentiate between other people. there are typically lower integration single function products. And that is the area where we have truly decided, not to further investment. However there are product or functions within a noble PC application where again we are trying to waste to differentiate and where there is furious suppliers given example of this before examples like displayed to go to notebooks, examples are, battery pack products, that are very highly integrated, and very few competitors, if any process technology, that can even do these, even if forget about design capabilities. So we will continue to pursue sockets and notebooks in these areas, as well as on motherboards where we can make a differentiated product, and there are some of those, opportunities for us going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Romit Shah from Lehman Brothers.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys, I noticed just with the dividend arise this quarter that you guys are actually supporting 4% yield at this price. Giving, I guess your outlook for cash flows over the next couple of quarters, do you feel like, this is a number that you could potentially raise or you are sort of targeting a 4% yield?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: This is Bruce, so as you know we look generally we look at our dividend on annual basis and that's what we did this year and the board review that and approved the 6.7% increase, so I wouldn't expect to see that increase further the benefits for that increase is was more confidence in our cash flow obviously we've given guidance now about capital expenditures that has a midpoint is down is a decrease of $50 million plus our confidence in the business going forward and with the ability to increase that dividend. We don't look at much at currently as the dividend yield only because our view of the valuation of our stock.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And just as a follow-up that you guys selected Bob Grady from the Carlyle group join the board how should we read into that?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think that what Bob brings to the picture is that he does have good experience base, and what's going on and in venture and investments, as well as various financing areas. So I think there was good cap somebody to be to our Board that had some VC experience because the others members of our board that had VC experience really have been kind of away from that area, so I think that it was a good addition. And the same time now that you've asked the question we also had a bill because we had some good operating experience from our company that has formal challenges in Maxim in terms of operating expense controlling, so I think that we added two people from two different areas.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manish Goyal from TIAA Group.
Manish Goyal - TIAA-CREF: Yes, hi. It's Manish Goyal from CREF. Couple of questions; did you say that the impact of transition to Montevino will continue for next two quarters, or just one more quarter, and are you including the September results?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, most of the impact is that we are going to see is in just Q1, which is the one we're in right now. And it will be less in fiscal Q2.
Manish Goyal - TIAA-CREF: And secondly, while you were discussing your wireless opportunities. Can you put some dollar amount and say what is total dollar potential in revenues in calendar 2009, and how does it compare to 2008? Is this is a $10 million per quarter type of the revenue opportunity or is this a much bigger opportunity than that so, if you can just help us size this?
Unidentified Company Representative: Manish, you're asking a good question. But, it's something that I really don't want to quantify in terms of how larger revenue this will be from. You are asking from this last year to this year, correct?
Manish Goyal - TIAA-CREF: Right.
Unidentified Company Representative: I'd rather not answer that. But, I do... but all I can tell you is that it is significant for us and we really... in my trips that, I think I mentioned in the previous call, I witnessed first hand many of these customers, the deign wins and especially how much craze they had for the products that we showed them. And they were very excited about these parts.
Unidentified Company Representative: I just wanted to add to that. I think we talked about this in the previous earnings call. And that we have at Maxim been able to diversify beyond the CDMA market into GSM and UMTS phones. And that's why the significant amount of upside for us in arena.
Manish Goyal - TIAA-CREF: Okay, great. Just similar question on hybrid cars; can you give us as to what your participation is in hybrid cars, maybe by per car or maybe a dollar number, what it looks like for 2009?
Unidentified Company Representative: So, well, 2009 frankly is a pretty short-term for automotive market. But, our participation mainly is in the battery monitoring and management type functions and especially these are in lithium iron type batter application. And most of the design wins are opportunities we are seeing are actually in the Japanese customers. And typically in these applications, there are stacks of batteries ranging from anywhere from 10 to 25 types tax and pretty much each one of these batter management I see. And I mean just to give you an idea Bruce and I have looked at this as previously, it was about was roughly... I think I am going to have to get back to you, because I don't remember the exact number. And I don't want to give the ASP of the products. So, but it's significant tens of dollars, let's say per car.
Pirooz Parvarandeh - Group President: This is Pirooz speaking. In addition, I think we are participating electronics, electronic control units within the automobile. That are not specific to hybrid cars necessarily, they are going into, systems such as entertainment systems, and body controls as well. So those are not specific to hybrid cars. You are making pretty good endurance with tier-1 customers with regard to the perception and the expectance of our products, and the technology that we offered to that marketplace. So again, a lot of much you know that's there is dollar contact and battery monitoring in these hybrid cars as well.
Unidentified Company Representative: So, Manish, today, I just want to make sure that everybody on the call understand, these products, we pretty much of more recently sampled customers in. And has known in the automotive market, it's going to take a year or two for those to wrap. So, it's not you asked what the contribution was in 2009 for the battery products, it's really not going to be significant in 2009.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Woo from Global Crown Capital.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: Yes, I was... my question is really, Tun, you have two consecutive years are improving engineering productivity. I was wondering the lead like relationship between those and new product revenue. Some of these obviously are quicker at it's so slower, but given your mix of business? How much does it add to your fiscal '09 and possibly fiscal 2010 top line?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, that's a good question. So, in terms of... first of all, let me just quantify just a little bit more. So as I said, we had 44% increase. But, I also... we didn't mention it, but it was a very broad based it was not really in one specific area or one specific division in the company it was fairly broad based. And you would expect in some of the more consumer type markets, in displays or handsets. You'd begin to see revenue from these even within a year, year and half. But in other segments, where we also improvement, like in automotive or some industrial applications some computing applications, it might take two years to three years. So, I would say the impact... revenue back you would see from these improvements would be somewhere between one and three, one and four years.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: So, can you quantify what the fiscal '07 was? Because you said there was a two consecutive years of improvement.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: What the improvement was in '07? Improvement in '07 was 23%.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: Okay. If I may I ask one more question, the automotive business is something that everybody is very fond of. It takes a while to get going, but at this stage, how big is the current business, and let's say in two or three year's time. What kind of business would it be for Maxim?
Pirooz Parvarandeh - Group President: So, I think this is Pirooz speaking. The current business level that we have for our automotive products is somewhere around, it's very small, sounding over, 2% or of our 3% of our total revenues. And we project that we're going to have these design wins or these new products kick in an approximately two years. And at that time I think that we are going to be seeing substantial revenue growth from those products I can't really... I don't want to quantify that in terms of dollars, but I think that you can expect something approximately about 4% to 5% number something on that order. But, the best that's in fiscal '10, and fiscal '11.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis from Citigroup.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thank you for taking the question. Bruce, you mentioned one the things it's impacting gross margins in the fiscal first quarter is inventory and lower utilization, where do you expect channel inventories not end inventories to be when you exit the quarter. And how should we think about the inventory impacted to gross margins in the fiscal second quarter?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Right. What we said that we lowered our back for utilization and we are now running at about our internal fabs at about 75% capacity. And the reasonably did that was to proactively manage inventory. As we've indicated inventories this quarter were only up 2% in line with our revenue growth and the distribution inventory in the distribution channels was flat as well. So, we don't necessarily see that we have an inventory problem today. We just wanted to proactively insure that we don't create one for us in the future. And so that's why we've kind of resized our factory utilization to the current demands. And as our demands picks up going forward, we will obviously have that ability to ramp our factories and improve the gross margin going forward.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay, that's clear. And there is a follow up for you. I know that acquisition is part of the gross strategy, how should we think about the pipeline that you are looking at and what are the prospects toward you've tripled the trigger on something as we look out over the next couple of quarters?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Sure. Our strategy remains the same and that we are looking at tuck-in acquisition on a make or buy basis, where we're looking to kind of fill in our roadmap. I think the process about a year ago, we added a business development team; that process is really kind a gearing up now. There is... I would say the funnel is getting very full. As you know the amount that you actually come out, is small. And so, we are actively looking at many opportunities. We are applying a very rigorous process, obviously to make sure we only invest in the best opportunities. So, I think you will continue to the see us probably two to three a year would be my guess. But it's certainly the along to same model, it's a bit tough acquisition, which we believe was very successful for us.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. And then if I could just a longer term question for Tun. Tun, one of the things you've done as you've said a very helpful target model. I think that revenue growth rate is 15%, you mentioned just a current industry growth; it's been fairly muted. I think you guys were up 4% last year, it looks like this calendar year, you will be up actually down around 3% obviously with the notebook headwind. But how do you think about that long-term target model given the way the sales growth as we performed over the last year and half and what you see as the support of the next two to three years?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: What we want to the do going forward, really is to grow the company about 200 or 300 basis points about what are whole market growing out, Mexico market is growing, so that debt is really is our goal. And I think that we've done a lot of things in the company, which are going to be very useful and is achieving that goal. I mean we have we now more efficiently organized, better skills that alignment. We've consolidated our technology platforms, our IP reuse much better and higher level of collaboration. We have been investing in new market and product lines, such as automotive that Bruce talked about it earlier, storage power line communication et cetera. We are really reemphasizing innovation at Maxim. We formed the office of the CTO, and we are seeing lot of activity in terms of new ideas. We show that our energy productivity can be improved, and we demonstrated that over the last couple of years. Bruce talked a little bit about our acquisition strategy to add a new product lines to company and as well as talent. We've got in closer to our top customers. We've really solidified their trust in our company. And we've also modified our distribution strategy to sell our existing products more effectively to small and mid size customers. So I really believe that Maxim will be able to achieve this 200 to 300 basis point industry average growth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Dryden from Charter Equity Research.
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Tun, within mobile devises, can you just talk... discuss please the differences in performance for your 2G versus 3G sales? And then for Bruce, post of restatement, you planned to shift and reporting to GAAP, and what type paper makes up the $205 million in short term investments?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, your first question was what?
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: Just... you said handsets were doing well both in primarily your Korean OEMs. Can just break out how well your performance was and your outlook for 2G versus 3G product set?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Okay so if you look at historically where we've got our revenues from, we've got most of our revenues are really from being able to make power management chips. That is good, highly integrated products mainly for narrow band CDMA applications, mostly in Korea. What has happened in the last year is that we put a lot of emphasis on making products, which actually needed more functionality for both narrow band CDMA, but also additionally third generation phones, UMTS phones as well as we expanded a bit in to the GSM EDGE area, which we actually have no presence in before. So, our ability to integrate these chips has enabled us show the customers products that were a lot more interesting to them and allowed us to even break some of the deals they had with their chipset mix, where they were buying complete chipsets from a competitor. And looking at the advantages that we provided in space savings in cost savings and in supply current savings, they decided that they were better operating some of chip of the chip side fields and using our products in there applications. So, and that was really done because of the high level of integration that we provided with them for them, and because we could put a lot of functions on one chip... piece of silicon.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: This is Bruce. The $205 million was basically just in U.S. Treasury note and what was your... did you have a second question?
John Dryden - Charter Equity Research: I just had a question post the restatement, do you plan to shift to your targets to GAAP accounting forward with respect to all your reporting?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: And so certainly well we report GAAP and we'll talk about those both. We are currently going to talk about our target in both in a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. We certainly manage the company both ways and are aware of the stock-based comp charge. And as I indicated in my comments right there, they... a strong management of this to reduce those top base comp charges going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello?
Operator: Sire, you might have your phone on me.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi this is Evan Lincoln [ph] Tore Svanberg. Thanks for taking my call. I have quick question about your gross margin. As we look at the gross margin... as it raises increases from the low end of the range right now. What you think it could be something catalyst that helps in driving that gross margin, but toward the mid point of new range.
Unidentified Company Representative: Certainly the reason it's at the low end right now is that we've discussed. We've taken down the factory utilization in order proactively manage our inventory levels, and make sure that we don't have to create problem with inventory write-offs et cetera in the future. So a couple of things are going to help to drive that backup. One obviously is that company continues to grow and the utilizations will increase. We are going to work on that certainly to the extend that there is a whole host of cost reduction imitative. And I think turn it over Vijay to discuss those.
Vijay Ullal - Group President: Thanks, Bruce. The obvious initiative that's going on right now is transfer the shutdown of the Dallas fab, the transfer. The processes from Dallas fab to the other fabs is on schedule. I am very pleased with where that's going. So clearly from that activity we are going to get some savings from the fact that the fab is closing. Additionally we will have in the new term reduce spending from equipment transmitter there activity completes. The fact that we've sized our fabs correctly as Bruce pointed out, we'll reduce the amount of inventory reserves we have to take in the future. We've also done a lot of transfer of that underline activities to offshore that will continue over the next several quarters. And we've already reported in previous calls that we have made in improvement in yield, and reduced our operating cost, but still there is a room for further improvement. And we intend to work very hard on those and we are making lot of progress in all of these activities.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you very much. I have another follow up question a follow up question, which is about your new product. Could you comment on web what portion of your current revenue contributed to new products and what your metrics might be measuring your progress there?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: We actually that is so you are asking like if you look today's revenue how much it comes from products introduce in the last year or last year, yes, I think that's a question that we can't answer right. We don't have that data right now in front of us. But it's... so, I don't think we are going to give you a number.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's fine. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Freedman. Mr. Freedman, we didn't seem to get your company name from the recording.
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: That's fine, it's an AmTech Research. Thanks for taking my question guys; bunch of them have been answered. But, if we look at seem like we are getting ready to clear up the filings. We are entering a new fiscal year any chance that you can give us some guidance, Bruce, on what you think your free cash flow is going to look in next year on an absolute Dollar basis.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Yes, I think.... as you know I think most people sort of model at about $600 million cash flow from offs and then you take then you back off to $200 million for CapEx and from our point of view we exceed that $600 million on accelerating and we are seeing the CapEx coming down to the 150 to 175 range that we talked about. So I think that should give you give you in the ball park, Doug.
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Now if you we would have focused in on the CapEx, I guess somebody has to ask the question first. You've got a deal with Capson [ph] for wafer supply, correct? What percentage of wafers are coming from external supplies so that we can figure out sort of where this CapEx is going towards?
Unidentified Company Representative: We are doing about 10% of our wafer volume from outside foundries. Capson is the largest percentage of that. The CapEx for next year, I think the bulk of it is not going to fabs; it's going in to end of line
Unidentified Company Representative: And mostly test equipment and also there are some things like EDA expenses as well as some continuing expenses in our ARP system.
Doug Freedman - American Technology Research: Okay. What I am attempting to get is there any sort of guidance on what you think depreciation and amortization is going to work like for next year?
Unidentified Company Representative: Certainly if you look at the current quarter, we did. Yes, so the current quarter was at $44 million, but $11 million of that was accelerated depreciation associated with the Dallas fab shut down. And so, on a normalized basis, for sort of that about $30 million. And you can see our CapEx is running... we are $37 million this quarter so basically matching those at that point in time. So that's probably a reasonable run rate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Donley [ph] from JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys just couple of questions. First of all, Tun, if you just take a step back and kind of give us your overall assessment on the end markets, would you say you are expecting, it sounds like you are expecting seasonal demand, normal seasonal demand from those of the end markets?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, okay. I think that that's really difficult to predict for us right now. We do have this... I think that it's going depend a lot on what happens to oil prices, frankly. I have... we do see some caution from our customers. And as you would expect, the first people that get affected by any macroeconomic situation is the consumer guys. And normally, this is...if you look at normal seasonality this should be the stronger quarters from our consumer. But we believe that they are behaving and everybody cautious way. So other than that, it's really difficult to predict the other markets. I think there possibly they are going to be fairly seasonal. But I don't think that, personally my biggest worry is about what's going to happen to the demand we see from our consumer customers.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then as a follow up, little bit more of a I guess a broader longer-term question, you guys have been seeing for a while, that the strategy with Maxim has been: Hey, we are going to get aggressive on pricing and take our margins down, but drive higher revenue growth. And now that it seems like you are sort of getting to the bottom of your margin range. You still want have to go to the end market. I mean are you guys changing the strategy? Do you think that the strategy has been successful? Can you just shed a little more light on what are you thinking in terms of the longer-term direction of the company?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, so we want to continue with our original strategy in terms of participating in all four major markets. And also, we believe that there are lot of opportunities in the consumer and computing market, where we can get... when we make prior differentiate products we can get the margins there in our target range. There was... when you blend that with the margins we get in our industrial comps markets, we can achieve the growth and also be able to get margins in the range that we are going after. So I think that the changes the company really made is not really the essentially to the strategy, but how we implement that. That's why we organized differently that's why we are making sure that our... to make sure that our high integration strategy works. We've got the business industry to gather that needed to do that in one division. We really made some tweaks or changes or follow up through on some initiatives to be able to grow and have above of average margins in our industry. So I think that to continue to grow the company has to remain on the path that it's on right now.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: Andthis is Bruce just kind of reiterate what Tun said. To be clear our strategy is not trade margin dollars for revenue at this point. We are managing against our four end markets, and we believe that by having that exposure to all those four end markets will allow us to grow faster than our peers, but we are absolutely targeting stable gross margin in our 63% to 65% range and then we are looking to control OpEx to get operating leverage below the line. And so clearly that's the model for us going forward just to grow this business with stable gross margin and improving operating margins.
Unidentified Analyst: and so Bruce, if it comes down to... go through another year of... sort of disappointing revenue growth. And you guys have make a decision of... okay we can either get a little more aggressive on price and take that revenue growth up. Or we can stay here, maintain our margins but perhaps grow, in line with the industry a little bit slower; what would be the choice?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President of Finance: We think with the portfolio of business that we are in and the kind of mix the businesses, with their industrial on comp business is the very strong margin that we can go ahead and make those decisions and go aggressively after some of these consumers business and still maintain our target margin. So at this point we think we have the strategy in the differentiated products that allow us to achieve that growth without having to sacrifice our gross margin target.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Yes, thank you can you provide anymore color on the gross you expect in the industrial market for the September quarter and is there any end points on the relationship with [ph] and to the impact of the industrial business.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, okay. First of all the impact that's going to come from distribution, the admin strategy that's not going to be seen in the very short-term; it's going really be a gradual slow increase. So, it's really difficult to give a quarter-over-quarter type number on its effect. So, as you know, it's a very broad market and it's not really in a kind of slowly. So we don't really see a major change from the prior quarter.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then it's like a follow up on the notebook side with a new network category of ultra mobile, PC. Do you guys expect complete for core power for those products?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, in anywhere we are seeing we can make a differentiated product. We essentially want to compete that's an area, where we believe there is some stock with where we can make differentiated product and again there is some debt where we can. So made maybe Chris can comment a little bit about too.
Christopher J. Neil - Division Vice President: Yes, this Chris Neil speaking. Are you referring to the Adam process type products, the smaller kind of 10-inch kind of screen that PCs or notebooks? We are competing in there and we want a couple of design and we expect to see some revenue from that in FY09 and some what really revenue from that from FY10. Then I am talking more about the notebooks.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Lou from Crimson Mutual [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys thanks for taking my question. I also have one related to CapEx so in book absolute terms and as a percentage of sales CapEx dollars are trended, well clearly how do you expect that been as percentage of sales to tracked say post of fiscal '09 period giving your longer term outlook and the current manufacturing for note book that you have in dollars trend down?
Unidentified Company Representative: I mean long term basis we've seen this been sort of mix single digits, and so currently its sort of around the 6% to 8%, so we see as trending down to the lower end of that range.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Operator. We will take one more question and we would like to wind down this call.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great thank you. I was wondering if you conference call comment on the improvement there and the on-time deliveries and what impact that's had with your customers, have you seen then come back to you and say hey look you've been doing, we want there in our... kind of few more comfortable increasing orders than at any better demand creation from that?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, with... I mean the impact, the most measurable impact that we see is what I mentioned on the call, which is essentially. We... they have a rating system for sort their customers their suppliers and the rating systems involves many aspects like the quality of products the delivery technology, how better is from the competitors and also of course your price reductions. So we what we've seen is that in terms of... in the past we used to see you get negative scores for our delivery performance and that's pretty has been removed now. That's what's enabled us to get to the top partner accounts; ten out eleven then rate us that put us in a preferred supplier category. The real impact from this is that when it comes time to win designs with those customers this doesn't it's not in issue at all so it really helps you in closing a design and winning design and being selected as a supplier for a major stock that they might have. So, it definitely has a lot of help in terms of closing on designs other then that its really hard to quantify exactly what it achieves at a given customer.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Great.
Vijay Ullal - Group President: This is Vijay, and I'd like to add anecdotally this will maybe... can give a little bit of a flavor how this work and at one at a specific cell phone manufacture, we've used to be a third or fourth vendor that was considered for new design wins, and basically right now we at in the top 1 or 2 so that's the difference.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Makes sense, all right. And then follow-up question was just you talked a little bit about some passive optical network parts just hopping you could talk a little bit more about your exposure as a percentage of revenue and just general color on that market where you think you get success and potential growth out of that market.
Pirooz Parvarandeh - Group President: So, this is Pirooz speaking. I am not going to give you unfortunately any specific numbers, but let me provide you with some color with regard to what are competitive advantages and also little color on the market, market is expanding very rapidly in the U.S. driven primarily by of the Verizon roll out. And the kind of products that we are offering in that space, fall into several categories. First there is an optical to electrical interface and vice versa and we provide very high speed high performance products that are optically designed to meet make that link works so another we are offering chipsets that work together very well and provide the highest performance in the industry to make sure that that link has good performance. In addition to that we have products that are again willing to that optical, electrical and vice versa interface which are used for the control and monitoring at the laser diodes, and then again that's as we said provides higher dollar contempt for us in those areas. So to sum it up, we have technology that has allows higher integration allows play an optimize link for that market and we know that that's a growing market, and we believe that we are very well positioned in that particular market.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay, great. Thank you.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. This concludes Maxim conference call. We would like to thank you for continued participation and interest. Good bye.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does concludes program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Paresh Maniar - Executive Director of IR Bruce E. Kiddoo - VP - Finance Tun Doluca - President and CEO Vijay Ullal - Group President
Analysts: Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Craig Ellis - Citi investment research Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Uche Orji - UBS Chris Donley - JPMorgan David Woo - Global Crown Capital Christopher J. Neil - Division VP Sumit Danda - Bank of America Securities Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company Doug Freedmen - American Technology Research John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities
Operator: Thank you for standing-by. Good day and welcome to Maxim Integrated Products Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. Paresh Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director of Investor Relations: Thank you operator and welcome everyone to our fiscal third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tun Doluca, Group President, Pirooz Parvarandeh, Group President, Vijay Ullal, Division Vice President, Chris Neil and Vice President of Finance, Bruce Kiddoo. There are some administrative items that I would like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that the statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end-market consumption of our products, the estimated time to complete our restatement project and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC filing Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2005. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, in keeping with SEC's fair disclosure requirements, we have made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. And operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. Before I hand the call over to Bruce, I want to remind you of the contents of our January 31, 2007 press release, which reported that due to stock option accounting matters, Maxim expects to restate its financial statements. Since the company has not yet issued restated financial statements, we are unable to provide detailed GAAP or non-GAAP financials for the quarter ended March 29, 2008. As a result, all numbers contained in our press release and discussed on this call exclude all stock based compensation. These numbers should be treated as estimates only and are subject to change. I'll now pass the call over to Bruce.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Thank you Paresh. I will begin by providing a status of the restatement effort which have seen substantial progress since our last update three months ago. We achieved a major milestone by delivering a draft SEC clearance letter and supporting materials to the national offices of our two independent accounting firms for their review and concurrence. This will be followed by a submittal to the SEC for final review. During these final stages of the process, we are dependent on our auditors and the SEC, whose completion timeline is not within our control. This makes it difficult to accurately predict the completion date. We are not able to make additional comments on this topic. Moving on to the results of our recently completed March quarter, let us start with certain items from the income statement. Revenue for the third quarter was $487.4 million, modestly ahead of the midpoint of our guidance. This was a 2.4% increase from the same quarter last year and a 9.7% decrease form the second quarter of fiscal 2008. As we guided our cell phone, notebook and computing and peripherals businesses were down while our storage business increased. Consequently, our revenue mix by major end market in Q3, shifted from the prior quarter to 29% computing, 27% consumer, 24% industrial, and 20% communications. This sequential makeshift combined with the manufacturing restructuring announced last quarter had a positive impact on gross margins, which partially offset the expected negative effects of lower utilization and increased inventory reserve requirements. Consequently Q3 gross margin excluding stock based compensation and non-recurring charges declined by 60 basis points compared to Q2 and is in the middle of our target range. We have now achieved sixth straight quarters of stable gross margins. Moving to operating expenses. We continue to tightly control our operating expenses. As we predicted the full quarter impact of our storage products acquisition and of the new 401(k) matching program was more than offset by the savings from the business unit restructuring and a decline in SG&A expense. Product development activity increased resulting in higher spending from assets. As a result, operating expenses in Q3 excluding stock based compensation and non-recurring items increased by 1% sequentially. As announced in our last earnings call, in Q3 we reduced our investments in our RF Wireless and Telecom and began the ramp down of our Dallas wafer fab operations. This resulted in Q3 charges of $9.2 million for severance and $7.6 million for accelerated depreciation. We will report additional charges for accelerated depreciation and severance over the period of the Dallas wafer fab ramp down. Total non-recurring items during Q3 were 38.5 million, which also included approximately 21.8 million related to our restatement. Turning to the balance sheet. Total cash, cash equivalent and short-term investment increased by $34 million during Q3 to $1.2 billion. Strong cash flow generated from operations was primarily offset by $60 million for dividends and $46 million in payments for previously acquired property and equipment. Inventory, excluding stock based compensation, increased 4% during the quarter as we built ahead select products. Average days sales outstanding increased from 47 to 52 days. Capital acquisitions totaled $42 million in Q3, down $24 million from Q2 [ph]. This is consistent with our goal to reduce annual CapEx and is the lowest quarterly amount in two years. Regarding bookings and backlog, during Q3 Maxim recorded net realizable bookings of $489.3 million, up 2.7% from $476.4 million in Q2. Our beginning current quarter backlog of net realizable revenue for Q4 is $323.4 million. This is a 6.6% increase over the backlog of net realizable revenue of $303.5 million at the beginning of Q3. Based on beginning backlog and taking into account the uncertain macroeconomic environment, we expect Q4 revenues to be between $490 million and $510 million. For year-over-year modeling purposes, please note that Q4 fiscal 2007 was a 14-week quarter from Maxim. Our revenue growth in Q4 will be driven by the following market segments: cell phones as that segment rebounds from the seasonally low Q3 and our recent design wins begin to ramp; notebook as a key battery customer recovers from its plant fire and ramps production; computing and peripherals, as demand for our authentication products increases; and storage as this business continues to ramp nicely. Due to the projected makeshift towards consumer and computing, we expect gross margins in Q4 to be down, slightly although well within our target range. For Q4 operating expenses, we expect our recent surge in new product activity to continue requiring additional spending on assets. We therefore project operating expenses to increase slightly from the Q3 level but at a slower rate than revenue. In Q4, we again expect strong cash flow offset by dividends, payments for previously acquired capital equipment and goodwill payments for expired options. I will now hand the call over to Tun to provide additional comments.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. April marked the 25th anniversary of Maxim. I thank everyone that contributed to 25 years of engineering success, our founders, employees, customers, Board members and investors past and present. Coincidentally, we made a significant organizational change to further enhance our competitiveness and profit growth prospects. I will discuss this in more detail later on. Turning to recent developments in our major markets starting with communications, we saw strength in and for our base station products particularly from GSM-EDGE base stations. Most of the growth came from rollouts in emerging countries such as China and India. Additionally, demand from the networking data communications customers was strong, driven by demand from China and from passive optical network rollouts in North America for its recent design wins in Power Over Ethernet applications. Next, the industrial market, we saw bookings growth in the broad industrial and automotive market. We anticipate improved revenue in our industrial markets as our Avnet initiative gains traction. We are pleased with the distribution channel transition to Avnet as it is on track. Third, the computing market, the serial attached SCSI product line revenue has been ramping in server and storage applications. Superior product performance combined with Maxim's creditability as a supplier has proven to be a winning [indiscernible] following our acquisition of this product line in Q2. Also of note in the computing space is the design in success that our power management products are having in this place for both notebook and desktop monitors in Taiwan, Korea and Japan. Lastly, the consumer market, Maxim's multimedia products that improve in this quality are doing quite well in LCD TVs. In cell phones recent design-ins of analog-based fan, integrated audio and power management products at multiple cell phones customers signal future revenue growth. Success of our integration strategy was evident driven by trip to Europe and Asia in March. Cell phone customers confirm integrated power management audio subsystem design wins that our business units have been reporting, will provide a noticeable contribution to revenue, starting in the second half of calendar 2008. It's interesting to note that our success in meeting the needs of these handset customers in a timely fashion weigh in heavily in Intel's decision to select Maxim to develop and make signal solution for their next generation mobile internet device product. This milestone agreement was announced late evening, April 1st to coincide with the opening of the Intel Developer's Forum in Shanghai. In summary, four exciting near term drivers for Maxim are: number one, the transition from parallel SCSI to SAS data in the storage market; two, high end cell phones in both GPRS-EDGE and 3G handsets; three, deployment of base stations, particularly in emerging countries; and four, opportunities for multimedia and power management products, and LCD display targeted at both the consumer and computing markets. Next, I will switch to the subject of organizational change, but first, a little background information will be useful. Our growth strategy revolves around successfully managing two complementary and equally attractive businesses. Number one, a group of core analog products, and number two, high volume applications specific products array SSPs. The bulk of our core products sell into the industrial and communications major markets. On the other hand, the majority of high volume application specific products sell into consumer and computing. Success is determined by excellence in product performance in the industrial communications market. Conversely, success in the consumer computing market is determined by agility. These distinctions necessitate two different operating strategies to be emphasized within Maxim in several aspects. Number one in business objectives, higher profitability with reasonable growth for core products versus faster growth with reasonable profitability for ASSPs. Number two, in product development, product performance record versus development agility for ASSPs. And number three, in sales strategy servicing many small and medium sized customers for core versus a few large customers for ASSPs. Last month, we took the first step to organize our business units along major markets to further improve our business plan execution. This resulted in three divisions: number one the core analog division, number two, the handheld consumer division and thirdly the conversion, computer and secure products division. The core analog division addresses the industrial communications markets and will focus on one, product performance excellence; two, high profitability and stability and three, leveraging the distribution sales channel more effectively. As a result of focused and increased investment, we expect to achieve the above market growth in core products. The newly created office of the CTO [ph] is part of this division and we expect this to further foster innovation at Maxim. The handheld consumer division addresses just what the name implies, cell phones, cameras, mobile devices, GPS units, portable media and so on. Customers in the consumer market constantly add features to their products, while reducing size and power consumption. This seeming conflicting need can only be met by integrating multiple functions on a chip. This plays into Maxim's strength in IP diversity, process technology leadership and manufacturing prowess. This consumer division will focus on number one, agility in productive development and IP reuse; number two, agility in new technology adoption and deployment; and three, strong partnerships with top customers in these markets. We expect this focus to enhance our product development efficiency, not only will we get products to market with less R&D investment but we also expect to capture higher profit dollars by getting to market earlier. Initiatives completed last year established manufacturing agility by shortened cycle time and flexible capacity. This supply chain excellence complements the business strategy for this division. The conversion computer and secured products division addresses all four major markets and will adopt the niches strategies I mentioned earlier. The technologies of business units in this division complement each other nicely. Data converters will benefit from integration of embedded controllers to phone systems on a chip. Computers and peripherals are implementing secured features to protect IP from being stolen or misused. Consumers require better security as more personal information is stored and transferred electronically. This security takes the form of both encrypted data and biometrics. It is our intention to manage the balance between the two sides of our business. By doing so we believe we can grow revenue and EPS faster than the industry average, maintain stable gross margins and improve operating margins. In closing, I would like to reiterate that Maxim has tremendous growth potential. There are several market currents which play to our strength one, business and consumer hunger for mobility, two, data communications growth driven by video with three, necessity for energy efficiency, and four, pervasiveness of microchips for consumer entertainment. All of these market currents require innovative, analog and mixed signal chips. We excel at delivering such world class solutions. Our new organization positions us to effectively profit from this broad range of opportunities. Leaving you with that thought I will turn the call back to Paresh.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director of Investor Relations: That's the end of our prepared comments. We will now welcome your questions. Please limit yourselves to one question with one follow-up. Operator will you please begin polling for questions? Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Yes thank you just a follow up on the handset analog base pen design wins, can you talk about, as we go through this year is it one customer or will be staggered customers in terms of how that business ramps in the back half of 2008.
Vijay Ullal - Group President: This is Vijay, take that question, so we do have some multiple customers and of course the ramp starts in the second half of this calendar year. We expected to continue to 2009.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Okay can you talk about dollar content potential within some of these designs in the higher end.
Vijay Ullal - Group President: We would rather not discuss that at this point in time, I think it should give enough of color on the comments we have made about the analog base plan and high integration... audio chips.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Vijay Ullal - Group President: I think that the point we... we have an analyst meeting, we're going to have a lot better coverage of all this market data, so maybe you can be... until that time, it will help.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis of Citi Investment Research.
Craig Ellis - Citi investment research: Thank you. The first question is on gross margin. Bruce, I wasn't surprised to see it go down in the first quarter, but I thought with industrial and communication infrastructure, seasonal strength in the second quarter would be up, so with the decrease due to some of the consumer businesses, how should we think about the back half of the year, when the waiting there will increase further?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Yes, I think the way to think about it at this point, Craig, is we're still have our target range. We've been there for six quarters now, and so I think it's fair to say that, it's still going to be within that range, where exactly will depend on the exact mix, and how fast we start seeing benefits from our cost reduction activities including the Dallas fab ramp down.
Craig Ellis - Citi investment research: Okay, thanks. And then, on the follow-up side. Can you just refresh our memory when the business would typically see annual increases for things like cost of living etcetera. Does that happen in the September quarter, or when does that occur?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we... this is Tunc again. We do have our focal reviews that occur in the September quarter, and essentially it goes into effect in the month of September.
Craig Ellis - Citi investment research: And what should we be thinking about Tunc, in terms of magnitude for those?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well that's difficult to answer, but it's typically been in the range of maybe 4% to 5%.
Craig Ellis - Citi investment research: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg of Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes thank you. First question Tunc, when it comes to the consumer handle group, should we assume that that's going to be primarily an outsourced business just given what you said about manufacturing?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well it is, no it will be a mix of that business unit, obviously uses some of our more advanced technologies and those technologies will be built in a mix of our own internal fabs as well as our strategic partner fab. So it will be a mix. It's difficult to say what percentage, it depends on all the loading of various fabs but it will be... sourced internal and external.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: And thanks and follow-up for Bruce. Do you have the exact cash flow for operations number for the quarter, please.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Yeah we can, do our restatement, we can publish that number.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question is from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys with your June quarter guidance and revenue, Bruce when you mentioned the areas that look like they are going to be up, sounds like its pretty much consumer and the computing segments. Generally what should we think about in communications and industrial?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: I think generally those business are historically, from a seasonality point of view relatively flat in this quarter.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then from a historic turns perspective? Is June usually a better turns quarter than the March quarter and is the average even meaningful?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: I don't know exactly what the history on that is, as we went into this fourth quarter, we are in a little bit better shape from a turns point of view than we were in prior quarters.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Meaningwe needed less turn.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Meaning we needed less turns this quarter.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Right. Because the back log went up a bit.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Yup.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Now there change no change in the lead times to create that backlog expansion at all.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, the lead times were pretty flat and pretty much are lead time were given to customers, are matching pretty much with their asking us.
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Uche Orji, from UBS New York.
Uche Orji - UBS: First question is for Bruce. Can I... I'm not sure I understood what your numbers were for recurring expense and how much was spent for the restatement. Did you say 38.5 from... for restatement.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Yeah, so in the quarter we had 38.5 total for non-recurring expenses.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: 21.7 million of that was related to our restatement and $16.8 million was of our restructuring... and of that restructuring amount $9.2 million was related to severance for both our business unit restructuring... the Dallas fab ramp down and then there was $7.6 million associated with accelerated depreciation with the Dallas fab shut down.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay, that's clear. And I mean, on the restatement remains sort of $21.7. Is the kind of in the run rates. What was it last quarter? Bruce, probably to get a sense of how that will tract you to next quarter. I know you are not going to give us a time as when this will conclude but my sense that that number is probably higher than you had it last quarter. Is there any reason for explanation of the downturn.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Yes, it is an increase from last quarter. Last quarter we were right at about, just under $15 million and I think... obviously the activity associated with the restatement as we get into the final stages of this process, has resulted in... in higher spending for that. The other thing to remember as well is that this does include spending not only for the restatement but for the, any litigation associated with that as well.
Uche Orji - UBS: I'll see. Okay, that's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Donley from JPMorgan.
Chris Donley - JPMorgan: Thanks guys. You gave us your sense for demand in the June quarter. Can you just... can you just talk a little more broadly about how you feel demand should trend in the various end markets for the rest of the year?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, for the rest of the year, this is Tun. The rest of the year is kind of difficult to say, but if we look into Q1 for example, if you look at our historical data, you would expect to see about a 3%-3.5% type change... beginning ramp ups of the consumers on the computing markets. However there is still uncertainty in the overall macroeconomic situation, but that's kind of historically what it's been, and we expect it to be about in that range.
Chris Donley - JPMorgan: And as my follow up, can you give us a sense of the relative gross margin differential in your four end markets?
Unidentified Company Representative: That's something we don't break out Chris, for competitive reasons obviously.
Chris Donley - JPMorgan: Yes, okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Woo of Global Crown Capital.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: Hey, Bruce. Good afternoon. Bruce, one your nightmare is over with the restatement, are you planning... have any plans on implementing an ERP system, now that you are in so many different businesses including fast moving stuff?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: So, absolutely. We're actually ticked off last September in implementation of FAP and so we are going through that process right now. As you know that's a multi year process across multiple phases. So, we're going be doing that for a while.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: When so you think it's be done?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Well, overall done will be enough as I said that's a multi year process.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: Multi year process, okay.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Yes.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: Tun, can you gives us an idea of possibly... of this three new divisions. I assume each division would have a general manager and roughly what... are they about equal in size from a revenue standpoint?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well the three general managers are the ones that are at the conference call today Vijay manages the handheld consumer division. Pirooz is managing the core analog products division and Chris is managing the conversion computer and security divisions. So they are all here and if there you look at their sizes give or take some of them, they are about the same size each in revenue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mahesh Sangeneria from RBC capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys this is K.C. calling for Mahesh. To follow-up on the question on the 3 ARC [ph], I suppose it's a fairly decent size... could you guys have just completed count. When do you think the various pieces that has gone into [indiscernible] come to a stable point where people settle into the jobs and one can look at efficiencies going forward. Is it a one quarter thing or is it multiple quarters?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Its not, I mean this has been in the works for a while now so it's not like we suddenly did it and announce that to the company. So, I think people are settling into their roles and their business objective and that's going to happen quickly. I expect to be within a quarter or so.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And one follow-up, can you talk a bit about the security product lines?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, I think may be best is Chris took that question.
Christopher J. Neil - Division Vice President: Alright, this is Chris Niel. So, what we mean by secure products or products that are used for authentication so, this could be for public access or to open a building or could be used to authenticate a piece of hardware like your Pinter cartridge or AC adaptor that prevents people from copying those or stealing IP. They used primarily in... lot of them are used in point of sale terminals as we go through a mortal mode cash with type of society and people want to have secure financial transactions, they wanted their data encrypted. So, it's those types of products, we have ten years or more of working with this products and I think it's a growing market for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Sumit Danda from Bank of America Securities.
Sumit Danda - Bank of America Securities: Yes hi Bruce. First question for you... an increase in inventory reserves if my memory is correct, the result were down last quarter. Was this meaningful is there... how you establish the trend at this point but this is not going to be any kind of a meaningful off cut to your gross margins going forward.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Yeah, I don't think this is meaningful to the long term trends as you pointed out the... our reserves were down last quarter and they do vary quarter-to-quarter and with our increase in inventory it is natural for the reserves to increase as well. You know, overall our gross margin was solidly within our target range, despite the decline in revenue. So we're comfortable with this.
Sumit Danda - Bank of America Securities: And the mass cost, which are leading to some kind of increase in OpEx is this one time? Are these specific programs, or... in other words, I don't recall having your call out mass cost to... for OpEx if you could just shut some light on that.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah actually, hi this Tunc. I believe we didn't have called it at once before, I can't remember what quarter may be it was in Q1 last year. But I think in general the mass cost are kind of accelerate new product developments what kind of essentially in the theme of having agility in product development. We are moving in to more expenses process technologies in some cases, so I think in the long-term mass cost may be not in very quickly but in a small way we probably be increasing in the company and we are taking out some products experience very advanced technologies. But we still continue to control cost as much as it's feasible to do so. So in all of our areas, we cut our SG&A spending for example we did the restructuring of the business units and to combine a couple of we used to be more efficient in their operations but in terms of mass spending I think that scenario were it's really harmful for the company to cut on that because that is our future and we need to continue investing in these new products for future revenue.
Sumit Danda - Bank of America Securities: And I guess it's fair to say that the watch mass spending very carefully we make decisions with on advanced equipments and basis and maintaining a right trade of individual product bases or whether it is control the cost of... introduce products.
Operator: Thank you our next question is from Steve Smiggy [ph] of Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Great thank you just a follow up on the authentication, is the work you are doing there is that finger print sensors or that... that sort of... just as mentions encryption.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well right now it's... right now it's encryption but... but the division... data conversion that is ahead of high resolution daily conversion is in this new division that are managing and I think we have explored a little bit of that and I think that there could be potential to include bio matrix with our secured products it's my intention to explore that further.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and on the handset side you mentioned you with... with several or OEM, can you say if you are in the top four OEM's by... by volume if you are in each of those or to talk a little bit about that at least at a higher level?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well I think at a high level we can talk about it we are in... essentially in three of the top five probably the best way to report it.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question is from Jeff Rosenberg of William Blair & Company.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Hi when you look at the... the new divisions can you give us a little bit more detail about how the old product business units map in to those references I would assume the standard products unit is dominates the core analog but may be little bit more how we should think about the units we used to know and where they follow up in the organization?
Unidentified Company Representative: It's a good question... with the heading in general it sounds like your guess our estimate are about right, so the old --really old standard products group is pretty much in our core analog division. It's probably better to look at it the other way. The... the handheld... consumer handheld division, it's got our portable power management business units, there were two of those. It's got our multimedia business unit, and also has our wireless business unit. So that's... that's the handheld division, Chris's division has SPN... SPNC which is the data conversion business unit. It's got market controllers. It has our automatic information business unit, and... what's the fourth one and the notebook business unit for the computing side --
Unidentified Company Representative: In the storage product?
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: In the storage product. So the core analog product has I think maybe probably you should list them out ?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, the core analog product has following areas in it. It's got a business unit that's focused on wire lined communications; this is a combination of our power full electronic fiber vigilance unit together with some of the wire... some of the legacy TDM type communication devices, that's one business unit. One more business unit, which was relative to you, and emerging business unit. It has a business unit that's focused on power management for non portal applications, and also other kinds of... and other applications for power lines for industrial broad markets, and the business unit has products for... for automatic test equipments, for base station applications, for high speed serial communications, and there's another business unit... two business units that are more product that are very broad again in nature in terms of markets of the address in but dominated primarily by industrial and commutation markets.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Thanks that's helpful and then, as we look at mid point of your revenue expectations for the fourth quarter and look the year-over-year growth that you are going to be there down to few percent, will each of these groups be tracking similarly or is there a diversions in terms of what the growth outlook is looking like freeze one.
Unidentified Company Representative: So this is Bruce as we indicated in our prepared comments really is the growth in the Q4 is really in the consumer and the computing side that's where we seen our strongest growth, we also did talk about some strength in the communication side but really its the consumer in computing for the fourth quarter growth.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Right I guess I was thinking those more sequential kind of and I'm just trying to think about where these groups stand more versus a year ago as you look at him weather in for starting point.
Unidentified Company Representative: We haven't looked at that form a year-over-year perspective at this point in time, we are nearly tracking the growth from a sequential point of view and in the progress these quarter.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Okay thanks.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Doug Freedmen of AMtech Research.
Doug Freedmen - American Technology Research: Thanks for taking my question just want to be clear on the restructuring should we view this as a flattening of the organization or is it just a reclassification of already existing levels of the?
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good this is Tunc, I think that... you should view it has the a grouping of the business units on the product lines more towards end market, so its really not as flattening in the organization, so we took the business units that are more targeted towards specific end markets and cluster them together. So they could be a much more effective in IP reuse and being able to integrate products for example and also being able to leverage technology and making sure that they have a common technology roadmap. We also grouped them so that the cultures of each of these business units or divisions... that supported the way they act in their specific markets. The examples I gave were in the consumer type divisions or business units we really put the groups together that we are focused in agility, so that they will be running fast, whereas some of the other product lines like the core products, they know that their prime objective is to make the best of the products in the market and emphasize performance. So we really did not flatten out the organization. We grouped them and set business objectives and strategies for each one that are more appropriate for their end markets.
Doug Freedmen - American Technology Research: All right, great. Thanks for the classification. If you could, Tun, you may comment about having met with customers and improved relations with them and you also mentioned that you have been shipping closer to requested lead times there. What do you think is happening as far the need of your customers to... some maximum inventory given the fact that you are shipping more to requested lead times.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's not something that the they directly commented on. They did not say they were planning on holding less of our inventory but they were really pleased with our results and with our 12 partner accounts. As I said, only 11 of them do ratings and 10 of them had us as preferred suppliers. I was quite pleased to hear that. I don't think they really are going to change that much. Their inventory positions in Maxim, they are going to probably plan the same as before. They just know they can trust us more now and I'm expecting that to result in us being able to get design wins more easily.
Doug Freedmen - American Technology Research: And my last question is in regards to... manufacturing strategy a little bit. We've had a few quarters under our belt, some outsourcing of wafer supply. Have you had a chance to benchmark your cost structure and where do you think you are as far as your cost structure relative to the industry.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let Vijay answer that one.
Vijay Ullal - Group President: This is Vijay. We gave benchmark consistently and we are very competitive against our outsource manufacturers and in most of the cases we have lower cost and so, we're not clearly going outside for significant reductions in cost, that could going our there for our flexibility in supply.
Doug Freedmen - American Technology Research: All right. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: An addendum of the outsource fabs have much better capability in terms of technology, in terms of their automation and so they give us an opportunity to run much larger die-sizes in those facilities and get better yield. So we tend to run in our large die-sizes in those facilities and a smaller dice in our internal fabs
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yeah good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my question. First Bruce, relative to OpEx, last quarter you talk about sort of $50 million of annualized costs saving in R&D between the kick in ... in the quarter. I guess just relative to your comments around mass cost, is that one, is that on track and two, do we view that as an absolute savings or as mass costs begin to ramp up here over time. Is that just a switch on how you spending on OpEx.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: No we, executed against our restructuring as we talked about. We received about two months of benefit of that in the third quarter and we are getting the full quarter benefit and as you indicate, we talked about $14 million on an annualized basis or about $3.5 million a quarter savings. So we absolutely are achieving that savings. As far as mass costs go, we've talked about that as far as the impact to both the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Certainly that something as Vijay said we are being very, on one sense very selective and in the mass that we tape out but at the same time we are pushing very hard from an agility point of view to get the products out the door.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: We appreciate that and I guess my follow-up. When I look at the March actual revenue and then June revenue guidance, both are kind of showing below normal seasonal gross sequentially and I know that you had an unusual event around the plant fire to customer in the March quarter. Can you help us understand that of the magnitude of the event on the March revenue and I guess given the below seasonal March. What's driving the below seasonal June guidance as well? Is that mostly macro concerns or is there something else there that we need to know that?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Yes. So for the March quarter I think we talked about that on a lot. Obviously, there was the seasonality as our business with our consumer computing businesses, the macroeconomic environment, as you said plant fire, the impact of the... our movement away from the low margin, power management notebook business. When we look at the fourth quarter, we are guiding based on our bookings forecast or our bookings growth. We did see kind of, the backlog is actually a little bit higher. We are just being a little bit cautious right now given the economic environment. I mean it hit us hard last quarter and we want to make sure that we're prudent in our guidance for this quarter.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Any dollar amount you are going attribute to the plant fire for March.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: No, we haven't called that. It wasn't a huge number.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: Its also important to note that the numbers that I gave out, the 3% to 4%, that's kind of inline with our historical numbers, so I don't think we're really that far off.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes Craig Ellis of Citi Investment Research.
Craig Ellis - Citi investment research: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Bruce, looking beyond options increase, can you just help us understand how you are looking at the cash balance. How much do you need to run the business on an ongoing basis and therefore, what will be left both for it strategic acquisition purposes and then potentially some kind stock buyback activity.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: Craig, as you would expect we having those discussions with our Board right now. So I think it's a little premature to talk about that. Obviously, we think we do have some access cash on the balance sheet. Historically, Maxim has done a combination of a dividend program and a share repurchase program, so I think that's a reasonable assumption going forward. But the exact levels of our kind of optimal cash balance and the split between dividend share repurchase is still some thing we are discussing internally and like you say we'll come forward with our strategy once we complete the restatement and are able to participate in that share repurchase program again,
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: And so add to that one thing to note is that unlike our history we are more outward looking for acquiring technology or gaining time in terms of acquiring technology. So that is another variable that we put in to this that we did not have before. So where we are discussing all this with the board and we will have a plan that we'll execute on once we're out of the restatement.
Craig Ellis - Citi investment research: On that same subject, any thought on leverage, and are the credit markets even open right now for the purposes of doing the buyback.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: I think that we obviously asked this question a lot all the time. But it's really too early for us to say anything on that subject mainly because the market conditions has changed pretty rapidly as we evolve experience. So I think it's appropriate for us to discuss that with the board when we get closer to time a when we can take some action rather then trying to decide ahead of time.
Craig Ellis - Citi investment research: Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Uche Orji, from UBS New York.
Uche Orji - UBS: Yeah, can I just ask a question, I missed something on the call. Tun, a little bit on Analyst Day, do you have any tentative timing for this.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we've not announced the timing. I only mentioned the Analyst Day because there was a question about some detail and it's... I thought it was best to be able to present that in the presentation as more visible than a phone call.
Uche Orji - UBS: Okay.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: But clearly we do you want to have an Analyst Day, but we have not set the date yet.
Uche Orji - UBS: Right, and just on any comments you make. I know that on your inventory you've had... you're ramping some new products, but any insight to give us to channel inventory as well. Might just be helpful in terms of understanding the environment right now. It looks the general demand seems to have held up for the semiconductor companies, but any insight on say inventory that within the channel, will just be helpful. Thanks.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: This is Bruce, from a distribution point of view the inventory at our distributors was down slightly but no significant change.
Uche Orji - UBS: Yes thank you, very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is form John Briden [ph] of Charter Equity Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking my question... question for Vijay in the handheld group I know 3G is the biggest mix but can you give me the percentage of mix 3G over 2G, have you seen any weakness in 3G orders despite the share gains by your top 2 customers in Q1.
Unidentified Company Representative: Your asking for the overall market or our own...?
Unidentified Analyst: Your internal mix weighted 3G over 2 or 2.5G of its 80-20 or less than that and then we have seen some weakness in some of the peer players but strength at your top 2, Q1 customers have you seen any decline in 3G orders or linearity with respect to your 3G customers?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well let me try to answer that the... because I'm fresh form the trip to Korea so, in terms of our share of business in 3G versus 2G, most of our business in the past really have been in CDMA and 2G existence so for us we are just ramping into 3G so we are not a really good indicator of what's going on in the market or it is a good growth potential for us because our share in 3G has been quite low.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you our next question is from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Bruce I have a sort of a high level question, Bruce when got on board you talked about the company delivering operating leverage controlling cost and growing revenue faster you now they look at it over roughly the last 6 or 7 quarters of revenue at the end of the day its flat line and operating expenses up call it between 15% and 20% I mean is there a point where you have to revalue the strategy and as we go through every quarter it seems like there is one off that whether its the plan or the comp increases in the September quarter how do we really get a handle on how we model the revenue or your operating margin model going smoothly?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah so this is Bruce obviously in the in our December quarter and the guidance we have given for our June quarter we are going off slower than revenue. Obviously when you have a sequentially down 9.7% that's difficult and we understand that but certainly the discipline in order to control OpEx and you know going forward, as we continue to grow our business not only we are going to strive to grow OpEx slower than revenue but actually try to control that as much as possible on really maximize that gap between the two. So you know I understand from my year-over-year point to you those comparison are not favorable I can just tell you that going forward and since I have been here we are working very hard to manage... expenses and we believe we are on the right track.
Unidentified Analyst: Let me ask you a different question, do you believe that you have managed the operating expenses and hopefully grow into operating costs structure with revenue growth accelerating because of a new product initiative, I call it 2-3 as you come to the conclusion that the revenue growth has not really accelerated to the point where you had anticipated it to go, you are going to come back and maybe take a --
Unidentified Company Representative: We will, we constantly look at our OpEx structure and in that essentially that's why we took some of the action we did last question in terms of cutting some of the spending by resizing some of the business units, so as we do structure a case where our revenues were not doing what we plan them to do again we will take a look at our businesses and see if there some have list of a chances of succeeding and they take a necessary action as we need to.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Torry from Thomas Weisel Partners.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah I just had a follow up on the MID market seems like that market is quite strong right now, could you just elaborate a little bit on your position there you talk about some Intel reference wins but just please elaborate a little bit on your position there.
Unidentified Company Representative: What we said was you can select it one of the vendors to partners with Intel, so its not a design win it could potentially turn into design when going into the future. Just wanted to Clarify that
Unidentified Analyst: Okay perhaps, just elaborate a little bit more on your competitive positioning there, what are some of your keys strength you mention some PMIC integrated audio
Unidentified Company Representative: Clearly one of the reason that we have been selected as one of the vendors that Intel wants to partner with its all the advantages we have, all the technology that we have in terms of power management and audio and this is clearly gives, us an advantage are ready to customize very quickly, this just and deliver the solutions for the partner which is Intel. That has given us a significant advantage and we were very optimistic about being able to be in position. And also Intel, one of the things that did emphasize very ably was time to for samples and they saw our ability to do this in some of the other markets like the handset market and that was bit differentiators and at least in their eyes and select the Maxim as well as all the things that Vijay mentioned.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Steve Smiggy [ph] from Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. Let you could talk a little bit about... a little bit more about the agility that you mentioned. Does that mean that in those groups your no more focused on because you're in up] specific products say for handset that now you said you have four months cycle time versus a year to get the product to market. Is that... how should we think about what you mean we're talking about adjoining that
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, absolutely. The due product development plan is going to have shrink in those groups significant, its all of been like to be doing very well and so, just a matter, according to those methodology that all are gee [ph] to the other business unit that need to shorten their development time.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I think the most of our activate relative important aspects, we're going to focus on is making sure that those business unit that has deliver on this integrated solutions are on the common technology platforms so, we put that in place. We all set to make sure that we've made group that's responsible of ITV use so that they're delivering all this high performance cells for other groups and business units to productize quickly. But Vijay is absolutely right, our cycle times has to be much, much shorter to be able to compete effectively. And we already are in a very good at this. It's not something that we're lacking but we can get better and thus, capture more market share.
Unidentified Analyst: And somewhat tight about that. Can you talk about the work you've been doing on say, math matching manufacturing with high volumes ramps. I know, a year ago it would have been a little of an issue where the nature of the orders you are receiving was somewhat different that you would historically receive and so you get much larger orders than anticipated and manufacturing might not have been matched with that. I am curios if you could talk about what steps you are taking there and what that looks like at this point.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean, we took steps, if you'll recall last year we had an initiative to better serve our customers and we basically many things but the two most important ones were to reduce our manufacturing cycle times and we reduced it almost by about 40% in a one year span. So, that gives us the ability to react quickly. We also increased our manufacturing flexibility. We put in place... high volume technologies and our say, epison partners. So, that enables us to expand our manufacturing fairly quickly when we need to.
Unidentified Company Representative: And we're doing that... continuing that process to the rest of the supply chain. And when you will see results of that over the next couple of three quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Operator, we have time for one more question, if you have any one in the queue.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our final question comes from David Woo of Global Crown Capital.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: Thanks for squeezing me in, I'll be quick. Vijay, I couldn't hear you when you say you going to outsource when you used foundries like say epison. Are the big ships going to them or basically the more advanced see more ships going to those guys?
Unidentified Company Representative: We're using a combination of foundries and epison, so in the case of the foundries we are obviously using the most advanced technology in the foundries and in epison we have our own process and we have established our own technology as qualified and is running very well and we are running the largest dice in epison.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: I see. The other thing I was wondering is since you are in the cell phone business I guess CDMA are going to be used for entry level cell phones by the Koreans and in those markets can you maintain decent margins since when you are competing against Nokia set of world that had census of less than 75 euros or 50 euros, I don't know which one but anyway, at the low end CDMA chips going to those kind of phones. Can you have decent margins?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President - Finance: We are really not targeted the low end phones, the CDMA. The high end smart phones or the high end phones and maybe the top of the middle tier of phones and going forward we will continue to target the UMPS high end phones and so, that's our strategy and we have... of course as you know that this market is a tough one to be in but we've done very well in maintaining our markets.
Tun Doluca - President and Chief Executive Officer: David, I think in many of the CDMA low end phones actually] the call comes to QSC chipset, which includes power management in there.
David Woo - Global Crown Capital: I see. Okay. Thank you very much.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director of Investor Relations: Thank you operator. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We would like to thank you for continued participation and interest in Maxim.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Paresh Maniar - Executive Director, IR Bruce E. Kiddoo - VP - Finance Tunc Doluca - President, CEO, Director Vijay Ullal - Group President Pirooz Parvarandeh - Group President
Analysts: Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers Craig Ellis - Citigroup Ross Seymour - Deutsche Bank Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Sumit Dhanda - Banc Of America Securities John Pitzer - Credit Suisse Doug Freedman - American Technology Manish Goyal - TIAA
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Good day and welcome to Maxim Integrated Products Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I'll turn the call over to Mr. Paresh Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead.
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, operator and welcome everyone to our fiscal second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunc Doluca; Group President, Pirooz Parvarandeh; Group President, Vijay Ullal; and Vice President of Finance, Bruce Kiddoo. There are some administrative items that I would like to take care of before we cover our result. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that the statements we make about the future, including our intention or expectations or predictions of the future, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end-market consumption of our products, the estimated time to complete our restatement project and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC filings on Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2005. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, in keeping with SEC's fair disclosure requirements, we have made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that participants again limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. Before I hand the call over to Bruce, I want to remind you of the contents of our January 31, 2007 press release, which reported that due to stock option accounting matters, Maxim expects to restate its financial statements. Since the company has not yet issued restated financial statements, we are unable to provide detailed GAAP or non-GAAP financials for the quarter ended December 29, 2007. As a result, all numbers contained in our press release and discussed on this call exclude all stock-based compensation. These numbers should be treated as estimates only and are subject to change. Our press release dated January 17, 2008 provided an update on the progress of the restatement process. Consequently, no additional comments will be made regarding this issue. I'll now pass the call over to Bruce
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Thank you, Paresh. I will begin by reviewing the results of our most recently completed December quarter starting on certain items from the income statement. Overall, we are very pleased with our results as we met or exceeded our guidance for all key metrics. Consistent with our guidance, net revenues for the second quarter were $540 million, an 8.6% increase from the same quarter last year and a 3.3% increase from the first quarter of fiscal 2008. As we guided, this increase was driven by strength in our cell phone, computing peripherals, and consumer entertainment segments. For the four major end markets comparing Q2 to Q1, revenue from the consumer, industrial and the communications end markets were each up mid-single digits, while revenue from the computing end market was up slightly. Consequently, our revenue mix during Q2 shifted slightly from the previous quarter resulting in 31% from computing, 29% from consumer, 21% from industrial, and 19% from communications. Q2 gross margins excluding stock-based comp and non-recurring charges improved by 50 basis points compared to Q1, consistent with our business model that gross margins will fluctuate within a stable range. The improvement over Q1 was due mainly to our continued inventory management, resulting in lower inventory reserve requirements. Q2 operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation and non-recurring items increased 2.9% sequentially over Q1 including the test compared to 3.3% revenue growth. Our performance exceeded our guidance, which was to grow Q2 operating expense lower than revenue excluding the test. Non-recurring items during Q2 were $9 million as the cost of the restatement effort was partially offset by a gain on the sale of property. Turning to the balance sheet, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments decreased by $180 million during Q2. Strong cash flow generated from the P&L was offset due to $106 million for two fiscal-year '08 income-tax payments in the quarter, $94 million for the previously announced goodwill payments related to expired stock options, $63 million for the Vitesse acquisition plus $60 million for dividends and $77 million for property and equipment. Inventory, excluding stock-based compensation, defined for the second consecutive quarter as we continue to manage it carefully. CapEx totaled $65.9 million in Q2 and average days sales outstanding increased slightly from 45 to 47 days. Regarding bookings and backlog, during Q2, Maxim recorded net realizable bookings of $476.4 million, down 9% from $523.2 million in Q1. We attribute this decline in bookings to three factors. The first factor was seasonality. 60% of our revenue comes from the computing and consumer end markets. Our bookings in the December quarter have been down sequentially in three of the last four years including this year. Second, there was a plant fire at one of our key customers. We expect to recovery of this business in Q4 as the factory is rebuild. And third, customer concerns about the macro environment. As a result of this decline in bookings, our beginning current quarter backlog of net realizable revenue for Q3 is $303.5 million. Based on the beginning backlog and orders received so far, we expect Q3 revenues to be between $475 million and $495 million, the decline is primarily due to the factors listed previously. By end market segment, the cell phone, notebook and computing peripherals are expected to be down. This decline is partially offset by strength in our recently acquired storage product business and recent design wins in the ATE Segment. Finally, we note that including the current year, Q3 revenue in the March quarter has been sequentially down for Maxim in three of the past four years. Moving to gross margin, our recent success in bringing capacity online at our strategic manufacturing partner Epson and our improving yields in cycle time have increased the effective output OF Maxim fabs. This allows us to consolidate and optimize fab operations. As part of this ongoing process, we've started to ramp down and eventually shutdown of our smallest production wafer fab in Dallas. We expect this process to take approximately 18 months. The benefit of this fab consolidation is expected to be approximately $18 million in annual cost savings when complete. Concerning Q3 gross margins, the benefit of the fab closure will not immediately offset the impact of the lower revenue. Therefore we anticipate Q3 gross margins will decline due to lower overhead absorption but expected to be within our target range. To improve our R&D efficiency and ensure we're investing in growing high margin businesses, we have decided to reduce our investments in RF Wireless and Telecom. In RF Wireless, we're discontinuing investments in low-margin handset RF transceivers. In Telecom, we are delaying additional R&D investments pending market acceptance of recently introduced products. As a result of these R&D reductions, we anticipate a $15 million annual benefit to operating expenses with the full benefit starting in Q4. In Q3, we expect operating expenses to be flat with Q2 as a partial quarter savings from the business unit restructuring are offset by the full quarter impact of our Storage Products acquisition and a new 401(k) matching program. This was announced last summer and has been well received by employees. As a result of these restructuring actions, Maxim expects to take a one-time charge of $10 million before asset impairment costs which are yet to be determined. Concerning cash flow, in Q3 we again expect strong cash flow from the P&L while many of the items impacting Q2 cash flow will be greatly reduced or be zero. I will now hand the call over to Tunc to provide additional comments and guidance.
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Thank you Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. Firstly, I'm very pleased with our company's execution during Q2. We hit the midpoint of revenue guidance, our gross margins were stable, OpEx grew at a slower pace than revenue, reduced our inventories and lead-times to customers declined for the fourth straight quarter. With respect to the short-term revenue outlook, I am somewhat cautious about the economic environment. While our Q3 revenue guidance is explainable by normal seasonal patterns, our revenues also appear to be impacted by the concern our customers have about the global economic outlook. You can be assured that we will be mindful of our spending during this period. On a longer-term basis, I'm very encouraged by the opportunities for growth. I believe Maxim is taking the steps necessary to allow us to effectively compete in these growth markets. I will talk about a sampling of these later. Maxim's culture has evolved over the last year. The P&L metrics that we implemented are highlighting key decisions that we must make to stay competitive. We see evaluation of our investment areas and cost savings opportunities is now embedded in our culture. These will become a mainstay at our company. We will not shy away from existing poor performing product lines and we will be increasing our investments in those business units and product lines that have the best profitable growth prospects. The decisions that we made during the quarter have been in the works for some time. Our review process has allowed us to react quickly to the short-term reduction revenue without impacting our long-term growth prospects. Let me now discuss significant developments in our four major end markets. First the computing market, which includes notebook PC, storage, computing peripheral, server and financial terminal segments. I'll highlight the notebook and storage segments today. The notebook PC unit sales is projected to grow 20% to 25% per year as notebooks displace desktops. The notebook motherboard power market has now become highly competitive, however. Here we are pursuing sockets where which we can differentiate our products. On the other hand we are uniquely positioned to gain market share in Audio, Display and Battery Management segments. The Notebook and Desktop monitor LCD segment... Display segment is seeing significant growth with new design wins in Korea and Japan where we have displaced incumbent suppliers. We expect our revenues in this segment to increase substantially in upcoming quarters. Our design know-how, close relationship with all the major LCD display manufacturers and proprietary process technologies position us well in this fast-growing market. For notebook battery packs we have started sampling a new generation of single chip battery controls. These new ICs offer the smallest and most accurate fuel gauging solution for this rapidly-growing segment. Our unique mix signal flash technology and design know-how made this possible. Turning to the Storage segment, we see and ever-increasing appetite for mass storage. Corporate data and consumer video storage needs to drive this. In the coming years 3 Gig to 6 Gig Serial Attached SCSI transition will present the unique opportunity from Maxim. We now have a confident team and customer relationships to capitalize on this transition. Our newly added storage products development team has hit the ground running and is on track to deliver samples to meet customer schedules. Next the consumer market, this is the highest growth major market for us. In consumer we include cell phone, entertainment, LCD TV, digital camera and media player segments. In the Cellular segment, there are two important trends that drive growth for Maxim. Number one, our market share of cell phone power management is increasing as we expand beyond CDMA into UMTS and GSM, GPRS cell phones. And number two, there is a growing demand for thinner and more powerful mobile devices and accessories. Maxim is well positioned to capitalize on this growth. There's an emerging need to integrate power, audio, video, touch screen and USB interface into a single analog base-band chip. Our IP diversity and specialized process technologies put us in a unique position to meet this need. Such performance has become difficult to achieve by base-band competitors migrating to advanced digital CMOS process technologies. Here are three design win examples of Maxim capitalizing from this trend. Number one, we were the smallest, best performing UMTS power management IC for Qualcomm base-band has been designed to four high-volume cell phones at three major cell phone manufacturers. Number two, an IC combining power and audio for Qualcomm base-band has also been designed into several UMTS phones. We have a clear advantage over the competition and performance and level of integration. And number three; we won sockets of three major cell phone suppliers for an audio subsystem IC combining speaker and headphone functions. Third, the communications market including Networking, Datacom, Telecom and base-station segments. Growth in the base-station segment is fueled by the deployment of GSM EDGE platforms in the emerging economies of the world such as in China and India. We have enjoyed significant design wins with our high integration RF products. Our design innovation and proprietary process technology uniquely position us here. The Base-station, Networking and Data Communication segments require efficient delivery and control of power. This lowers the operating cost and minimizes the environmental impact. We have one important sockets with the family of integrated fab power management products. Finally, the industrial market including ATE, automotive, medical, instrumentation and measurement segments. While more modest in growth overall, this is a high margin market. We are well positioned now to expand our market share. Here are a few examples why. In the ATE segment, we have captured significant market share by winning designs with products designed in our proprietary [inaudible] electronics process technology in new tested platforms. Next let me give some color on the automotive segment. One growth driver in this segment is the increasing need to provide safety features in the car that require robust high-speed data transport. Our products fulfill this need and are being well accepted by our customers. These products ramp into production next year. Rapidly increasing fuel prices are driving the need for fuel efficient cars such as hybrid-electric vehicle. Due to its high energy, density and lightweight we anticipate a transition to lithium batteries. We are uniquely positioned here with our design know-how and proprietary process technology. Case in point, our charger and modular products for hybrid-electric vehicles has won our first major design win at a major Japanese battery customer. In other growth areas, the electricity meter segment in regions like China, Europe and India, utilities are converting millions of meters from mechanical to electronic watt meters. New, high integration Maxim products have scored design wins in this market. We are uniquely able to provide the combination of high accuracy data converters, and embedded micro-controllers. In the medical segment, our high-voltage ultra sound products have been very well received. The need for our high-integration and low power consumption products is driven by the desire for ultrasound machines to be portable. With the unique technologies we fulfill this need. Let me now turn to our sales strategy initiatives. Our agreement with Avnet to become our global partner was a major milestone achieved during Q2. This will produce incremental revenue growth for us, particularly in the industrial market. This new initiative will result in several things. Number one, increase revenue as we address a new set of customers. Number two, better gross margins and number three, leverage R&D by selling existing products more effectively. With the Avnet agreement in place, we have successfully executed on all five initiatives that we laid out in early 2007. In 2008, we will focus on new product development execution. We will constantly investigate changes required, speed development time and improved R&D efficiency. In closing, we believe our strong performance in Q2 and the restructuring actions taken in Q3 clearly demonstrate we are executing to our strategy. This will position us well to compete effectively in the marketplace, generate growth, high profit margins and strong cash flow. Pirooz?
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director, Investor Relations: That is the end of our prepared comments, we would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. Operator will you please begin polling for question? Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator instruction] Our first question comes from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes. Just a couple of questions, first of all you talked a little bit about R&D efficiencies this year. I'm just wondering, how different is that from what you've done in the past. Have you put in some new programs? I'm just trying to understand a little bit what you mean by that?
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, we've done multiple things to improve this. And we also know that there are more things to do. First of all, the most important change that we have made is the business unit's collaboration effort. That's going to help immensely because we're having experts in each business unit together to make a combined product rather than each business unit trying to develop similarly functioning building blocks. We also invested heavily last year and continued to this year in moving the company to a EDA platform that's uniform and we believe that's also going to improve our efficiency. And thirdly, we are going to make sure that we form teams of people that are really adapting to the market needs for their particular product lines. In other words we've divided up groups where we take a group of sprinters or those that have to quickly develop a product in one group whereas others that are designing high-performance products in other groups. This way we set the right culture in each one of these organizations.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: And this is Bruce. Additionally, as far as driving R&D efficiency by giving the profitability goal to each one of the business units, we're really making sure that all of our investments in R&D are going to be matched by acceptable financial returns. And so that's another area where we're really scrubbing where our investments are today and making sure that those are the best investments for us and we're allocating our scarce investment dollars most efficiently.
Tore Svanberg - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thanks. And just a follow-up. When should we expect to see a full benefit of the new Avnet relationship? I understand it's an ongoing one, but I am just trying to understand if there is a point in time where you will start to see a stronger impact?
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: All right. I think... this is Tunc. I think that that's going to be a gradual process to get these design wins using the wide sales in FE force of the distributor. So, I think its impacts will probably start more like in a year or so. But it will be a very gradual process.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Having said that, I think the success so far has been very well received. Avnet is very excited. There is a lot of energy behind this, which previously we didn't have within our distribution channel. So, I think we are very pleased with the results so far and that the strategy is kind of executing on track.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Rosenberg from William Blair & Company.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Hi. First on the R&D savings, the $15 million annually, is that all something that comes out of R&D expense or how does that... how was that achieved overall in terms of how it runs to the P&L?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yeah, that's primarily R&D expense.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: So, that's a pretty significant cut in overall R&D budget, can you talk a little bit more about the rationale behind that?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Well, again, it's just looking at the businesses that we are investing in and making sure that we are investing in high margin growth businesses. And I think as you know a lots of the times, you start investment in certain businesses based on a certain economic forecast and then either the ramp of that business delays or the market acceptance of certain technology gets delayed and it's no longer prudent to continue investing in that. So, again, this was just kind of our ongoing process to take a look at our investments, and make sure that we are investing in the right businesses, and these were some businesses within our wireless and telecom where we felt that the returns just didn't justify the current investments.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair & Company: Okay and then maybe just on the flip side of that, can you talk about your efforts to add to the R&D team overall, the hiring environment and your ability to sort of to add headcount to the circuit design team?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yeah, I think right now, we are being prudent of our operating expenses given the decline in revenue in the third quarter, that there we are looking for opportunities where we can where we decreased investment in one area to the extent we can shift that investment over to some of the high growth businesses. So, we are clearly looking to optimize our portfolio, but at the same time in the short term we are mindful of the need to achieve our profitability goals through operating expenses.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Romit Shah from Lehman Brothers.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. I realize it's a difficult environment, but and I think we've seen a double-digit sequential decline for Maxim since 2001, Tunc, can you just comment on where you are seeing particular weakness among your four segments and if there has been any meaningful market share loss? Thank you.
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Hi. So, there is... first of all, there are several reasons for the decline and Bruce mentioned this before that. Number one was the normal seasonality we expected. As you know, 60% of our revenues comes from the consumer and computing markets and we do, we have seen that trend in the past. And also some customer caution due to the macro economic concerns and thirdly Bruce mentioned this effect we had from a plant fire at one of our customers. But in general, the... if you look at those four market segments, the ones that were essentially the weakest were those two in terms of revenue projections for Q3. However, we do have a solid number of design wins, as I mentioned and we are confident in our long-term strategy. So, I believe that we will resume growth in the long-term where short-term visibility is kind of poor.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Have you guys seen an increase in cancellations either in the prior quarter or here in January?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Nothing material. The other thing, I just want to comment is actually in our fiscal year 2005, we were actually down 8% and again at that time period it was both the seasonality and there was an inventory correction occurring out there. So again I think when we look at this year it's a combination of the seasonality in the macro environment. So I don't think this is completely aligned with what we are seeing in the current... in a similar environment in past years.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: I don't have the data, but just if you go back say 5, 6. 7 years, has the mix of business by end market changed dramatically, in other words, was that 60% that came from, that is coming from computing and consumer significantly lower around the 2000, 2002 time period?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yes it certainly was. The company has been investing in the consumer business for... in the last few years, so absolutely that mix has changed.
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis, from Citigroup.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thanks. Bruce, you mentioned that gross margins would decline in the current quarter, but stay within the target model. Can you remind us what the target model range is for gross margin?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Right. We like to target on a excluding stock-based compensation it's about 64% kind of plus or minus 100 basis points. And we expect this to be kind of comfortably within that margin.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay and then as we think about the businesses ability to take some expense out as you just stay aligned with end market capabilities, can you talk about your confidence to grow operating margins through the year. I know on the last conference call when the company talked about its long term financial plan, you do hope to get operating margin leverage. Can we get that beginning in the June quarter and how significant can it be over fiscal 2009?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: And certainly we are still committed to that and I think the actions that we took as far as restructuring are a good evidence of that. Obviously when you have a quarter where revenue is down, it's very difficult to reduce operating expenses to that level and it probably wouldn't be prudent on a long tem basis for us to do that. And having said that in quarters when revenue is growing, we are clearly going to take steps to maximize that leverage in the P&L, so that we can achieve our goal. And you can be very confident that we are continuing to look at this and to manage our OpEx to achieve that goal.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay and then Tunc for, just given some of the reallocation to resources and moving away from certain businesses, are you still confident that the business is one that can grow at a 15% rate on an annual basis.
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, in the long-term that's the target we've set for ourselves, but I think it's realistically speaking it will be somewhere in between 10% and 15%.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Greg, I think as we've said as well, we are going to... our target is to grow faster than the industry and we think our strategy is kind of the businesses that we are attacking will allow us to do that, that said if the industry is going to be in a lower growth rate 6% to 8%, we think we can get maybe 200, 300 basis points above that. So big part of that depends on where the industry is, as far as what our long-term growth will be.
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from Ross Seymour from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymour - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys, just looking at the revenue guidance and the three reasons you gave for why it's down. If you could give us any color about quantifying those three reasons and as part of the seasonality as far as the seasonality part of those three. Why wouldn't you go up in the calendar fourth quarter, if you are still seasonal or up more than your peer group at least?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Well we were obviously, as you know, 3.3% in our calendar fourth quarter. I think as far as providing quantification on the breakdown between the three items its we can't and its difficult to quantify that, certainly the macro economic concerns and the seasonality as well. So I think that's difficult clearly if we look at the businesses we're in, though the seasonal businesses are the ones which are down the most and so thats why we are comfortable with that in saying in sighting seasonality.
Ross Seymour - Deutsche Bank: So is normal seasonality absent the other two? So for us thinking forward on Maxim something like down 5, down 7, just give us an idea of what we should think is normal and then we can add one off things like the macro fears [ph] and plant fires as they occur?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Our mix is still changing, so I don't want to kind of be tied down to what that, percent down is, as our mix of businesses continues to evolve. I mean I think the other thing to be aware of is obviously we had a strong... our fiscal Q1 was up 6%, so that was strong growth. And when we look at our calendar year 2007 compared to our competitors. We are still one of the top, fastest growing analog companies. And so, we are comfortable that from that point of view. If you look at it over a full year period, our strategy is still working. And as Tim said, I think we are still very comfortable with our growth strategies going forward.
Ross Seymour - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely from JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good afternoon. This is [inaudible] for Chris Danely. You already talked about relative weakness in the computing and consumer end-markets. Could you tell us what your expectation is for your other two major markets, industrial and communications, is that seasonal, below seasonal or --?
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: I didn't really... I didn't get. Can you ask that one more time?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. I was... I just wanted to find out a clarification on the relative strength of your various end markets. You talked about the computing and consumer end markets being below seasonal next quarter but what about industrial and communications, do you see any softness there or is it going to be seasonal?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yes. I think there is... we're seeing the industrial market will probably be relatively flat maybe up slightly. We actually did see above average growth in Q2 for the industrial market, so we think that maybe get off to that a little bit in Q3. And as far as the communications market, again, that looks relatively flat with the current quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks. And then one other follow-up question on the segments where you said you were gaining market share. You said that you were doing pretty well in battery management. Is there any other segment that you think you are gaining market share in?
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, there are several segments that we are gaining market share in. We are gaining market share in LCD displays whether therefore monitors for TVs or for notebook panels. We also are gaining market share in what we call analog base-band circuits for cell phones and also in battery I think you already listed that yourself. In several other markets where we are gaining share are in the ATE market. I think I have covered most of them unless Bruce or Vijay you have got some other...
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yes. I think you have covered most of them. The other ones I would add are we talked about gaining market share in the medical market and the ultrasound market. The other one is the successes that we've had in the automotive market with regard to high-speed data transport. We've been a leader in this area with regard to our innovations and a lot of the products that we come out with have been essentially first-to-market and our customers really like them. So, those certainly contributed to our growth and our market share gains.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to follow up on the question about seasonality, in an attempt to sort of normalize for that, if we take your two quarter revenue growth between December, when you should be seasonally stronger than March, and we compared that to some of your competitors such as Linear, Intersil or National Semi, it still seems that it is a little bit weaker for you guys. And I guess, I just want to understand are you embedding in your guidance more macro conservatism than some of your peers or what gives you confidence that you are not in fact losing share or maybe that the re-statement and de-listing isn't having an impact on your customer behavior?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yes. Certainly we haven't seen any direct evidence of losing share, certainly due to the re-statement or related items like that. I think from our point of view, when we look at our business, I think we are still comfortable with our growth over that period. I mean there are some certain things as far as the macro environment and the seasonality that hit us hard here. The battery, the fire at our one customer for battery management also hurt us as well. But overall, I think when we look at our design wins and by the various segments, I think we are still very comfortable that our strategy is working. And again, I think if we just go back and look at kind of the calendar year '07 performance over a full four quarter period, we are still one of the top growers within the analog market.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Did the fire... did that amount to a percentage or two percentage points of revenue?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: We are not going to give the exact number, but it did have a meaningful impact.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Parag [ph] for Uche. Just wanted to get a clarity on your investment priorities going forward, what would be the key areas of investments and where the growth is going to come from? Is it going to be consumer or computing and also if you could lay out your plans for [inaudible]?
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Well, we are investing in all these areas. We are investing heavily in consumer as we have said before, because we think that's a very high growth area, and we can really introduce to the market highly differentiated products that are high performance, for cell phones, media players, LCD TV type products. We are investing in industrial market as well. You've seen some evidence of this with design wins in ATE and also in automotive, which we count in industrial. We are also investing in computing, we got healthy notebook unit sales growth and we are essentially getting a lot of design wins by investing in R&D and the display area and the battery area. And we are investing in the storage market as you know, we acquired a company to help us gain market share in that area, and finally we're investing in communications as well. So the company, really still continues on it's path to be a diversified company, in all these major markets.
Unidentified Analyst: As a follow up regarding the suggested restructuring savings, could you provide a time line as to when we can start seeing the savings and how long they are going to last, I mean how long they will be stretched?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: For the R&D restructuring, we expect to see that savings beginning in the full quarter impact in Q4 and for the fab savings we have made some immediate reductions this week, that said, the entire process to transfer all these production over to our other fabs will take over 18 months and we are going to see that savings kind of build over that time period.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc Of America Securities.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc Of America Securities: Hi guys, I had a couple of questions. First, you know, Bruce the backlog is down about 20%, you are guiding down about 11%, seems to suggest higher turns in the quarter, can you help us to get some confidence on why this is achievable, especially given your concerns or your customers concerns on the economic impact?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Sure I mean I think if you look at it from more from a bookings point of you, bookings were down 9% and that's you know our guidance at the mid-point is down 10%. Certainly our goal is to be, always hit or guidance just like we delivered in Q2, so I think you can be very confident that the number we put out there is a number that we're confident we are going to hit. When looking at backlog, there is lot of things that's kind of moving in and out of there and so it's harder to make that comparison. I think looking at bookings, prior quarter bookings are usually the best determinant of the next quarter revenue.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc Of America Securities: Yes just a follow up on that. Is it fair to assume the booking thus far for January have been, than normal below seasonal and are you anticipating in acceleration in the back half of the quarter because that seems to be the expectation that probably semiconductor companies in terms of how they expect the linearity of the quarter to shape up?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: We don't give information on quarter to date booking. It's generally that can be misleading, more certainly at this point not prepared to give a forecast on what booking are for the entire quarter given that current environment.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc Of America Securities: Only just to ask a different question on your strategy on operating expenses sort of a two-fold question. One, I understand you are trying to control operating expenses but your forecast for revenues in Q1, again down a little over 10%, but your OpEx has become flat. I would have though I would see a deeper cut to your SG&A line. I understand you can't pair down to the bone but at least a bigger incremental effect? And then I guess the second question is you are bringing down your R&D expense, I just wanted to get a sense of as you are pursuing an ASSP type strategy, there is clearly a ramp up in R&D expenses until you get volume to defer [ph] that R&D expense over. And so, how does that... have you factored that in if you are thinking about how your R&D outlook or how your R&D run rate will change in regard to 2008.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Certainly. So, I think first half as far as the further reductions, we did take these reductions. It was offset primarily by our 401(k) matching program, which was announced last summer to be effective starting in our fiscal Q3. And certainly from an employee morale point of view this was something that was very well received and something we're committed because obviously we believe that employee morale is obviously a key focus item for us as a management team. And as far as the investment in R&D, I think the key message that we're trying to send here is that it's not that we're investing less in our key growth markets, we are just making sure that where we invest our R&D dollars are in the high margin, high growth businesses. And so, we are going to continue to invest in those businesses where we are going to get the growth run. We are just making sure that there is not other investments out there that weren't projected to drive that growth and that's really the result of what we announce today.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc Of America Securities: One last quick question. Can you quantify what that impact from the 401(k) changes ticking in is and also can you give us a sense of whats the OpEx relating to the test storage business was last quarter because you sighted that you might see more operating leverage?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: We are not going to provide that detail. I think if you kind of do the math on the savings, partial quarter savings for the R&D restructuring, you can kind of get back into what the additional cost was for the 401(k) in the test.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Yes. Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just back on the plant fire, did you guys tell that you'd recoup all that revenue in the June quarter and again just given the concerns around market shares trends, any color you can give us on what that magnitude might have been? And then my second question is just realizing how diverse your business is, anything you can give us color relative to pricing trends and what you are seeing in the marketplace around pricing it would be great?
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes. This is Tunc. I will take that question. So, in terms of the plant fire, you know we really don't want to quantify how much it is. But, our customers who has taken all the actions that they needed to take, in terms of get back into full production in Q4. So, that is their current schedule and we sincerely hoped that they'll be able to do that. And in terms of pricing pressure, we've got... our ASPs have remained constant quarter-over-quarter, just to give you a reference point on that.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And just back to the plant fire, does that mean that your June quarter should see a nice bump up because of the re-ramp of that plant.
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: I don't think there is going to be snap act, but certainly it should ramp back up to its prior levels. Thats the process over time as they bring production back on-line?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from American Technology.
Doug Freedman - American Technology: Thanks for taking my question. If you look at your longer term plan from a wafer sourcing, can you let us know what you think, how much you want to be internally sourced versus how much you want to be purchasing from your foundry partners?
Vijay Ullal - Group President: Yes, this is Vijay. I think we've stated this before in a previous call, and we're still very consistent about that. In long-term, we want to have about 25% or 30% of our capacity in external foundries or our strategic partner, which is Epson. And the technologies that we would be putting into those of external foundries or Epson would be of leading-edge technologies which with the higher integration chips will go into those kind of processes. So, that's our strategy and it has stayed the same for quite a while now.
Doug Freedman - American Technology: All right. Terrific, so with the plant closure there is still no change in that percentage? Just want to make sure of that. And Bruce could you talk a little bit about the inventory. Over the past couple of quarters we have seen inventory reserves move around a little bit. Is that stabilizing now, and is there any real change to or you're comfortable with the inventory levels as well as sort of what's the make-up of that inventory?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yes. I think we continue to manage inventory very well. As we said, this is the second quarter in a row that our inventory excluding stock-based comp has gone down. As well this quarter we... our inventory reserves were lower this quarter than they were last quarter. So, we're spending a significant amount of energy to better manage our inventory. And so, I think we are comfortable that there is a lot of management attention in this area and that we are being successful.
Doug Freedman - American Technology: All right. My last one is, we've seen a big move in sort of the analog talent pool moving towards design centers. Maxim, I believe has several design centers around the country and globe, see the same thing at many of your competitors. Can you spend a little bit of time talking about the efficiency of these design centers and whether they are proving to be successful for talent acquisition and R&D effectiveness?
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, this is Tunc, I can comment on that. First of all Maxim was one of the first companies to start this trend probably in the early 90's. And we currently have about 30 design centers around the world, most of those are actually in the U.S., but there are a significant number both in Europe, and in Asia. Many of those design centers are very productive, especially when they reach what I would call critical mass. But what we've found is that as long as you find a capable leader then you will get to have productive design center. So the essentially today's data communication and connectivity you can have means that almost everybody has accessed to whatever they need to have across the whole company. So, we really believe that it's a successful strategy and it has worked well for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manish Goyal from TIAA.
Manish Goyal - TIAA: Yes hi, thank you. Question is regarding your operating expenses. Should we expect a decline in operating expense and similarly decline in your fab shutdown from September quarter. So for example, if you're planning to save $18 million annually there will be a roughly $4 million type of decline in your COGS or it will be absorbed in some other programs?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Well, so on the above the minor the COGS area right, we do expect to see that savings the $18 million savings, when we are complete with the process. Certainly that will be slightly offset to the extent that we have to ramp up other fabs, but that will be strictly based on demand and will be supported by revenue. On the below the line, we will see that savings in Q4, the full benefit of that now. And as we said we are, at this point being very mindful of where we are at from an OpEx point of view versus our revenue and so we are going to be watching expenses closely. That said once we get back on to a revenue growth in subsequent quarters we will look for selective investments.
Manish Goyal - TIAA: So, what is not clear to me is that you are putting $33 million of savings, gross savings and then you're saying there will some ramp up in other fab and you are increasing the 401(k) matching. What is the net savings of these restructurings?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Well I think it is difficult to give the net of the entire business. Right I think we said if you look at Q3 we said OpEx was going to be flat and we having given guidance out for Q4 certainly we are still working very hard in order to manage our OpEx and manage that effectively. We are not going to provide guidance for out over time with all the pluses and minuses but clearly we are managing that and we are going to make sure we have that leverage.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Andrew [ph] from Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. Talking about medical end market given the continued investment here, is this the business you feel holds less susceptibility to macro economic uncertainty? And also in addition to high voltage ultrasound what are some of the other key applications you are targeting here?
Pirooz Parvarandeh - Group President: Well this is Pirooz talking. I think the medical market traditionally has been a much more stable market. I think that's probably a common statement throughout the industry. I think what we are seeing in the medical market, the areas of focus are two-fold. One is on the ultrasound area that we have already talked about where we offer capabilities for the high voltage products that are required in that market in addition to some high speed processing that is required for analog finance [ph]. So we believe that that market is going to be a growth market in addition to the fact that there is a transition occurring in that market with regard to these ultrasound machines becoming more portables. So technology challenges are going to be increasing and I think we are well positioned to benefit from that. So that's as far as the medical the ultrasound market goes. Weve had continuing investment in the Blood Glucose Meter market as well and so again our ability to create products that are high-performance low power certainly play well into that market and we believe that to be a very stable market as well. I don't know if I answered your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Well great, great, yes. Thank you. I just have a short follow-up, you mentioned the market share gain in LCD TVs, separate from the consumer market as a whole can you quantify any above seasonal growth at LCD TVs during the first half of 2008 given the strength of consumer spending in this area.
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: No I won't be able to quantify it, but it has been a good growth area for us, especially with our power management products. Some of our Gamma Correction Buffers and also some of our audio products.
Unidentified Analyst: Well great. Thank you very much. Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Lawrance from Venture Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: How are you? Can you perhaps talk about inventory and channel inventory with your customers right now and if you look at the sort of the three issues you broke out for why you have the big sequential decline and you assume that your seasonal decline is somewhere usually between 1% and 3%, so let's put it at 3%. And then if you consider the GDP, I guess, in the fourth quarter will be about 3% or 4% lower than it was last year, give back 3% or 4%. That would suggest that the... the fire issue was probably somewhere around 3% or 4%. Is that the right way to think about that?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yes, I won't say that's too high of an estimate for the fire.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So greater than 1 and less than 3, basically?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Sure.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And in terms of inventory in channel and the customers?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Yes, we did see a slight increase in our inventory... in the inventory channel in the distributor channels. We attribute that primarily to the... those kind of the overall macro economic environment. We don't have any real concern there right now, but again its tough to get visibility out there.
Unidentified Analyst: And in the event that your customers get a little more bullish on the economy because of Fed rate cuts or whatever, how fast do you think... how much... how fast can you deliver product? In other words, can you make up what you have lost in the first month, the quarter as things pick up in March?
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Yes, we should be able to respond very well actually because of some of the initiatives we had last year. We have improved our cycle time significantly in our manufacturing process. We also have built a healthy buyback inventory. So that's all going to enable us to respond very quickly if we see a change.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you give us a sense of what your long-term operating margin goal is? We are not going to say you are going to get there this year, but you have to think about how you wanted to run the business two, three, four years from now. What operating margin are you all targeting?
Bruce E. Kiddoo - Vice President, Finance: Sure. I think when we look at our overall model right, we kind of long-term are targeting gross margins around the 64% plus or minuses as we have talked about before. We look at the OpEx at the kind of 20% to 22%, excuse me, R&D at 20% to 22%, and SG&A at 5% to 6%. And so if you look at that that sort of get you to kind of a mid to high 30%... 30% operating margin.
Operator: Thank you.[operator instruction].
Paresh Maniar - Executive Director, Investor Relations: Ladies and gentlemen, we are trying to limit this call to about one hour and it's about that time. So thank you for your participation. This is the end of our call. We look forward to the next time that we will be speaking to you again.
Tunc Doluca - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director: Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Paresh Maniar - Executive Director & IR Tunc Doluca - CEO Pirooz Parvarandeh - Group President Vijay Ullal - Group President Bruce Kiddoo - VP of Finance,
Analysts: Evan Wang - Thomas Weisel Partners Craig Ellis - Citigroup John Dryden - Charter Equity Research Venkat Swami - JPMorgan John Pitzer - Credit Suisse  Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair David Wu - Global Crown Capital Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers Uche Orji from UBS New York Sanjay Rajkumar - RBC Capital Markets Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank Nancy Friedman - Greenleaf Capital Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities Steve Smigie - Raymond James
Operator: Good day and welcome to MaximIntegrated Products First Quarter 2008 Earnings Release Conference Call.Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks andintroductions, I will turn the call over the Mr. Paresh Maniar, ExecutiveDirector and Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, youmay begin.
Paresh Maniar: Thank you, operator, and welcomeeveryone to our fiscal first quarter 2008 Earnings Call. With me on the calltoday are Chief Executive Officer, Tunc Doluca; Group President, PiroozParvarandeh; Group President Vijay Ullal; and Vice President if Finance, Bruce Kiddoo. There are some administrative items that I wouldlike to take care of before we cover our results.  First, we will be makingforward-looking statements on this call, and in light of the Private SecuritiesLitigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that statements we make aboutthe future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of thefuture, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings andturns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels,manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end market consumption of ourproduct, the estimated time to complete our restatement projects, and any otherfuture financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate,believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate, or variations of these words andsimilar expressions relating to the future, they're intended to identify forward-lookingstatements. It is important to note that the company's actual resultscould differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the Company'sbusiness are contained in the Company's SEC filings on Form 10-K for the yearended June 25, 2005.Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirementswe have made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end oftoday's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of managementconcerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. Anoperator will provide instructions at that time. We would like to remind you that the Fiscal Q4 of 2007contains 14 weeks, whereas the first quarter of Fiscal 2008 was a 13-weekquarter. Consequently, whenever the term normalized is used during this call,the sequential information provided will be based on normalizing Q4 2007 datato 13 weeks. We are pleased by the feedbacks that indicated that theinvestment community appreciated the reduced length of our last conferencecall. We therefore request that participants again limit themselves to onequestion and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. Before I hand the call over to Pirooz, I want to remind youof the contents of our January 31, 2007, press release, which reported that due to stock optionaccounting matters, Maxim expects to re-state its financial statements. Sincethe company has not yet issued its restated financial statements, we are unableto provide detailed GAPP or non-GAAP financials for the quarter ended September 29, 2007.  As a result all numberscontained in our press release and discussed on this call exclude all stockbased compensation. These numbers should be treated as estimate only and aresubject to change. Regarding the restatement project, we've made considerableprofit and the projected completion timeframe remains calendar Q1 of 2008 asstated in our 8-K filing dated September 21, 2007. No additional comments can be made regarding this issue. Iwill now pass the call over to Bruce who recently joined us as Vice Presidentof Finance. He will take over the post of CFO when our restatement is complete.
Bruce Kiddoo: Thank you Paresh. Let me start by saying I am excited to behere today at Maxim, a premier semiconductor company with leading edge in mixedsignal products, solid revenue growth, high margins and consistently cash flow.I'll review the results of our most recently completed September quarterstarting with certain items from the income statement. Consistent with our guidance, net revenues for the firstquarter were $522.7 million, a 4% increase from the same quarter last year anda 6% increase from the normalize level of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007.This increase was driven primarily by strength in our notebook and cell phonesegments. External distribution revenue grew modestly on a normalized 13 weekbasis, while inventory in the distribution channel decreased. Q1 gross margins excluding stock-based compensation andnon-recurring charges declined by 40 basis points, compared to Q4, consistentwith our expectations that gross margins will fluctuate within a stable range.This slight decline was primarily due to change in product mix favoring thenotebook PC segment. On an absolute basis, Q1 operating expenses excluding stockbased compensation and non recurring items increased 0.6% sequentially over Q4.While operating expenses grew slightly faster than revenue in Q1, compared toQ4, it is worth noting that several expenses such as [Maxim] expenses anddepreciation do not scale with the number of weeks in a quarter. When youcompare our Q1 '08 expenses levels with those incurred in Q3 '07, operatingexpenses increased by 8.4% while revenues increased by 9.9%. I want to emphasize that we are continuing our focus onaggressively controlling our below-the-line spending. Non recurring itemsduring Q1, included the previously announced program for expiring employeeoptions, restatement related charges and charges related to our San Jose fab impairment. Turning to the balance sheet, total cash, cash equivalentand short-term investments increased by $49.6 million during Q1, this wasdriven by strong operating cash flow, partially offset by payments of $60million for dividends and $57 million for property and equipment. Average days sales outstanding decreased from 46 days to 45days, as linearity improved compared to the prior quarter. And importantlyinventory declined during the first quarter as we continue to manage itcarefully. Finally, during Q1 CapEx totaled $68.5 million. Our forecastfor fiscal year 2008 continues to be in the range of $200 million to $250million. Regarding bookings and backlogs, during Q1, Maxim recorded netrealizable bookings of $523.2 million, up 4.3% from the 13-week normalizedlevel of $501.6 million in Q4. Our beginning current quarterbacklog of net realizable revenue for Q2 is $361.4 million, up 3.3% from thebeginning backlog for Q1. Based on the beginning backlog and orders received sofar, we expect Q2 revenues to be between $530 million and $550 million. We seestrength in our cell phone, computing peripherals and various consumerentertainment segments. We anticipate that Q2 grossmargins will be approximately in line with our Q1 gross margins subject to thenormal fluctuations. Our goal is to manage Q2 operating expenses to grow slowerthan revenue, excluding the impact of the addition of the VitesseStorage Products development team. I will now hand the call over to Tunc to provide additional comments and guidance.
Tunc Doluca: Thank you,Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. I will begin bydiscussing our Q1 revenues. Our revenues from our four major markets,computing, consumer, communications and industrial were rolled out. Asexpected, the computing and consumer markets have had you awaiting due toseasonality. I will next provide some color on Q1 revenue from each of thesemarkets. First, thecomputing market: As Bruce indicated, the September quarter had sharply highershipments into the notebook segment. As a result, revenues from the computingmarket increased 13% sequentially on a normalized basis. Three notablecontributors to this growth were Unique Power adaptor chip, a CCA filled driverto support back riding and notebook displays. And a high integration IC that isused to power LCD displays. Each of these devices was a recent design win thatis ramping up in production. We believe ourdesign know-how and process technology creates a significant advantage forfuture growth in notebook display, notebook battery and notebook mixed signalsockets. We observe Notebook battery and notebook mix signal socketsboard power management offers less opportunity for differentiation.Accordingly, we've been expending less of our development efforts in this areaand focus more on other opportunities in notebooks. Next, the consumer market: During Q1 shipments to theconsumer end market increased 9% on a normalized basis. We saw strength in thecell phone and consumer entertainment segment. Key contributors to the upsideand cell phone revenues were a high integration device that powers most of theCDMA phone, and IC that powers the backlight for cell display, a new USBtransceiver chip, and audio amplifiers that drive speakers and headphones andcell phones. Key upside revenue drivers in the consumer entertainment segmentwere a high-sensitive satellite radio receiver chip, a high-efficiency devicethat powers media players, and a device that powers LCD TVs. For the consumermarket, we're encouraged by the ever expanding opportunity to integratemultiple functions on single chips for mid and high end handsets. Additionally,we planned continued Maxim investment in new ICs, targeted at the consumerentertainment section. Third, the industry market: During Q1, shipments to theindustrial end market decreased a normalized 2% in addition to medical andautomatic test equipment segment. We continue to invest in products for theautomotive segment. Here, our initial offerings are now generating revenue. Acouple of notable automotive wing include a serial interface product tocommunicate with the display in high-end cars sold by a leading Germanmanufacturer and an RF receiver product, designed into various models of anAmerican auto maker. These unique, this unique receiver has two independentdata paths, and a single device simultaneously provides both remote keylessentry and tire pressure monitoring. Maxim's technology has been extremely well received byautomotive module manufacturers and the automobile companies alike. We expectsignificant revenue contribution from this segment in the coming years.Finally, communications market revenue was up 4% on a 13-week normalized basis. Next, I will turn to Q1 booking. The standout market duringthe September quarter was consumer, where orders increased by 26% sequentiallyon a normalized basis. This substantial increase was driven by high demand fromthe cell phone segment. Sequential normalized bookings in the computing andcommunications end-markets were up slightly while bookings from the industrialend-market were down. Turning to the five initiative I articulated in our Februaryconference call. We have achieved great success in four out of the five andmade further progress on the fifth. First; gross margins have stayed in astable range for several quarters now. Second, we reduced our manufacturing cycle timesignificantly, beating our original goal. We also achieved excellent on-timeproduct deliveries. Customer feedback indicates that they are very happy aboutour responsiveness and improved delivery performance. Third, our business units continue to collaborate moreclosely on joint projects. This collaboration enables us to integrate diversefunctions from our broad intellectual property portfolio and has led to keydesign wins in all segments. Fourth, we empowered our business unit executives and areholding each accountable for results. We link the compensation of ourexecutives to operating margin and operating profit growth. This raised theimportance of these metrics throughout the company. We will monitor performance of these initiatives on anongoing basis, and will continually drive for further improvements. Our fifth initiative to review and adjust our small andmedium sized customer sales strategy is making good progress. I would like toend my prepared remarks by expressing my excitement that the recent closing ofthe acquisition of the storage products line from Vitesse. We added leadingedge mixed signal high-speed technology and engineers, customer relationshipsand market positioning with this acquisition. We expect this operation tobecome profitable by our fiscal year-end and to contribute significantly to ourgrowth in the computing end-market over the next several years. Paresh.
Paresh Maniar: That is the end of our prepared comments, we could nowwelcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question with onefollow-up. Operator will you please begin polling for question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from ToreSvanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners.
Evan Wang - ThomasWeisel Partners: Hi. This is Evan Wang calling in for Tore Svanberg. We haveheard that notebooks and cell phones have been strong, and I was wondering ifyou can comment a bit on whether you see indications that you are gainingshares, or if the growth in your business units there are due to the growth ofthe market?
Tunc Doluca:  This is Tunc, I will take that question. I think its acombination in the cell phone market there is growth, but we are definitelygaining share in that market and also gaining that share in a profitable way. And in the notebook market, we're -- mostly the growth isbecause that market has grown significantly, and our share gains there, as Iindicated in my prepared remarks, is mostly in areas that are not in themotherboard power. So, I'd say it's a combination of both market growth andshare gains.
Evan Wang - Thomas Weisel Partners: And my follow-up question is,whether you may have any anecdotal stories you can tell about how your businessunits may have collaborated to win the share gain?
Tunc Doluca: Well, there is, I mean I can givea few examples. Obviously, I can't be very specific, but one example was wherewe had a joint project for some small phone tag to Mobile PCs where our groupsthat make our audio products and the groups that make our power managementproducts, have a joint development, and that was viewed very positively by thereference designed customers that we were working with. I mean that's oneexample. Vijay can you think of another one that you can...?
Vijay Ullal: I think we have a couple of thosekinds of products. And I think there is similar example between our signalprocessing groups and Michael controller groups. So, we have probably 10 or 12such collaborative projects. 
Tunc Doluca: And definitely, one other area isin cell phones where some of these functions are being integrated together thatin our company we are developing in separate organizations but they are workingtogether to make single-chip solutions for the customer.
Evan Wang - Thomas Weisel Partners: And thank you very much.
Tunc Doluca: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes fromCraig Ellis from Citi.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thanks, guys. I'll start with theclarification on the gross margin line. Bruce, could you just highlight whatthe gives and takes for in the gross margins which declined 40 basis points ina quarter, was there any inventory write-down effect there, or anything elsewas notable, 
Bruce Kiddoo: That was primarily due to mix,due to the strength in the notebook business. We did have, quarter-on-quarter,a slight improvement in our inventory write-down, but we believe that reached anormalized level at this point. So, we're primarily going to be driven by a mixand by our ongoing cost reduction activities which are very active within thecompany right now.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay, thats helpful. And then switching gears to the fiveinitiatives that you outlined in February, you highlighted the emphasis on theglobal sales plan. When should we expect to see the benefit of the changes thatyou are making there, and is there any associated operating expense increasedwith the changes that you make on global distribution?
Vijay Ullal: In terms of the global distribution, our main objectivethere is to be able to capture more sockets and small and medium size customersthrough using the distribution channels SAE's and then their sales force.Therefore, that win is going to come slowly, its not going to immediate. So,it will be multiple quarters before we can begin to see leverage on selling ourexisting products. There was some additional hiring in the sales area anddistribution managers. But it really is not very significant in terms of whatwe need to spend below the line.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: So, is that the rest then to identify additionaldistributors for your products and leverage that more so than just hiring stafffor direct sales?
Vijay Ullal: Thats correct.
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Dryden fromCharter Equity Research. 
John Dryden - CharterEquity Research: Could you comment on, within notebooks, are margins higherfor the increased audio, battery and LCD power sales versus power management onthe motherboard, and where did you see the highest area of growth?
Tunc Doluca: Your question was in the notebook area, how do our marginschange from those four segments that I talked about.
John Dryden - CharterEquity Research.: Yes sir.
Tunc Doluca: And in general I can say that they are better in some --those other segments that I talked about, clearly I really don't want toquantify that right now. And I don't think we have right now the data to showwhich segments contributed to most of that growth. But we did have a lot ofmotherboard power management wins that have been carrying over. So that's beena good growth area for us this quarter.
John Dryden - CharterEquity Research.: And maybe a follow-up for Vijay, can you talk specificallyabout the strength in phones, was that primarily from increased units orincreased billing materials where you are up selling new products?
Vijay Ullal: I think it's the combination. I think we did get some designwins for new products and of course we are also selling more high integrationof products. So its a combination for sure. It depends on the customer, at acouple of customers I think the growth has been driven by high integrationproducts. But we have some new customers that are -- who are buying our lowerintegration products. So its a combination.
John Dryden - CharterEquity Research.: Thanks for taking my questions.
Tunc Doluca: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely fromJPMorgan.
Venkat Swami -JPMorgan: Hi good afternoon. This is [Venkat Swami] sitting in forChris. I have a couple of questions, the first one is you talked about thestrength in the computing and consumer end market segments, but looking aheadwhat segments are you particularly worried about? Do you see continuingweakness in industrial or in consumer segment?
Tunc Doluca: Well going forward in the future quarters, we expect thingsto be well balanced, we really dont have a lot of visibility beyond Q2. It'sreally difficult for me to be able to say how our mix will change or whichsegment will be weaker or stronger in [2008] and beyond.
Venkat Swami -JPMorgan: Okay. Thats fair. If I could ask a follow-up, how would youcharacterize an upturn. Is it slow but steady, do you think its getting better,I know you said you couldn't look beyond Q2, but in general if you look atprior upturns how does this feel relative to the previous one?
Bruce Kiddoo: Well, as I said it has been a steady growth for us for thelast two quarters. And if you look at our guidance for Q2 it's about, if youtook the mid point, it's about in the 3% range. So anything beyond that is verydifficult for us to say. The thing that we have noticed, that some of ourcustomers are concerned about developments, in the macro economic situation. So, we think that that might influence their stance in termsof their aggressiveness on ordering products and ordering microprocessors. So,I think that its best for us to be cautious right now. But as I said visibilityis pretty poor beyond Q2.
Venkat Swami -JPMorgan: Okay. Fair enough, thanks. And can I ask one bookkeepingquestion?
Bruce Kiddoo: Sure.
Venkat Swami -JPMorgan: You may have already mentioned this, if so could you justrepeat it. What is your fiscal '08 estimate for depreciation as well as CapEx?
Bruce Kiddoo: For CapEx for fiscal year '08 we've given guidance at about$200 million to $250 million.
Venkat Swami -JPMorgan: Okay.
Bruce Kiddoo: And I don't think we have given guidance on the depreciationin this quarter. Those are around $30 million.
Venkat Swami -JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questioncomes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks fortaking my question. Just quickly, relatively to the revenue guidance for theDecember quarter, does that include the Vitesse acquisition? I guess, how muchshould we assume? Is $5 million the right number, and then I have a follow-up.Thanks.
Vijay Ullal: It does include the Vitesseacquisition; $5 million is probably a little high. We only have two months ofshipments to benefit from this quarter. I would view this as, certainly we'renot going to give the exact number, but its less than 1% of total revenue. Soit's relatively immaterial.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: And I guess the second questionis, can you just comment on just the inventory. I know you made a comment onthe prepared remarks. Was it up in the quarter, and I guess, what should weread for December, just the inventory keeps coming down, what do you think thereload happening? Is that a first-half calendar '08 have been?
Bruce Kiddoo: Yeah and just to clarify, we saidthat our dusty revenue modestly increased in the quarter and that our revenue-- excuse me and that our inventory decreased. I think, our view from adistribution point of view is that the channel is well under control, and wedon't see dramatic uptakes or downturns at this point. We think thedistributors are being very cautious in managing their inventory levels, and sowe believe it's a more steady growth rate at this point.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Bruce this is a follow-up, if theeconomy starts to improve in the first half, do you think inventory levels areappropriate to an improving economy or sort of the macro economic environmentwe find ourselves in right now?
Bruce Kiddoo: As Tunc indicated, I think, rightnow folks are being more on a cautious side and so I would say that's probablyreflective in the inventory levels as well.
John Pitzer - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questioncomes from Simona Jankowski, from Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski -Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you. Much (inaudible), but can you comment on yourlead times and also cancellation patterns in the quarter?
Tunc Doluca: Sure, I will comment on the cancellations. Cancellationswere actually down for the quarter. So, we have no real issues there. From alead time point of view, those continue to increase, excuse me, continue toimprove, consistent with the kind of pattern we've been seeing over the lastcouple of quarters.
Bruce Kiddoo: Yes. So, one of the lead times there somewhere between 8 and9 weeks, and the lead times were given customers a pretty much matching whatthey are giving us. So, we see a pretty stable environment and then thats whya lot of them are very satisfied with our performance.
Simona Jankowski -Goldman Sachs: Sure, terrific. And just a second question, Tunc. Obviously,since last time we spoke on this kind of earnings call, you guys did get de-listed.Can you just comment on the impact, if any, does that pattern either employeemorale or any turnover or customer relationship or anything of that nature?
Tunc Doluca: Okay, so lets take that one at a time, Simona. So, in termsof customer relationships, there were a couple of customers that enquired aboutit. We informed them, we told them about our financial strength and they weresatisfied. So, I dont regard this, that as an issue. Internally, obviously theemployees did not welcome that news. But, I think that we've been a few weeksafter that now. And I see that any affect that it had right now has reallysubsided. One thing that has happened, that was positive for the quarter wasthat, our attrition actually in Q1 dropped substantially from previousquarters. So I saw that as a good sign.
Simona Jankowski -Goldman Sachs: Excellent. And just one last question. It sounded like yourOpEx came in just a little bit higher than what you guys had expected, was thatdue to the attrition rate developing or opportunistic hiring, design activityanything else you can point to?
Bruce Kiddoo: I think a couple of quick comment. As we did say it did comein a little bit. It did grow a little faster than revenue. The issue is that inmany of our expenses really don't scale by week. And as you might recall in Q4OpEx grew significantly slower than revenue for the same reason. So the way weare looking at this is really when you compare Q3 to Q1 and that kind ofremoves this 13, 14 week issue. And so compared to Q3, Q1 revenue increased9.9%, while OpEx only increased 8.4%, more just consistent with our businessmodel. And again, as I said in my prepared remarks, just let mereemphasize again--we are absolutely focused on managing our OpEx to providethe leverage in our financial model. So overall I think we are comfortable withwhere OpEx came in this quarter and the internal processes we have to controlit.
Simona Jankowski -Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Rosenberg fromWilliam Blair.
Jeff Rosenberg -William Blair: Good afternoon. Tunc when you were talking about the shiftin your design emphasis on the notebook side, what you think that means as youlook to your ability to grow that portion of your business in '08, are youseeing that you are like receding market share in the motherboard and as youlook out fro the design cycle and do you feel like you have enough new productsand other applications to make up for that or do you think you get more modesttype growth environment in that end market overall than you are experiencingright now?
Tunc Doluca: Well I think in that particular end market we are probably-- I mean clearly, with the number of products that we are making and theinability to differentiate those products, the market share in that particularsegment we expect to go down. But I believe that there are products that wemade, investments that we put in other functions in the notebook area. They aregoing to help us balance that out somewhat. So I think that -- by the way itdoes not mean that we have completed abandoned making any product, we do seeopportunities, I just essentially wanted to say that we don't have the level ofemphasis we had maybe three or four yeas ago in that area.
Jeff Rosenberg -William Blair: Okay. And on the consumer side, on the wireless side, youtalked a fair amount about products there. It seems there were more power managementoriented and other functions. In the past you've had some goals to do more inthe RF side and maybe an update there in terms of the high frequency productsand what your emphasis that is there for the handset?
Tunc Doluca: On the handset side most of our products specially in the RFsegments, in that area, have not been in the signal path transceiver type ICs,most of the design wins we are getting are in functions that are additionalfunctions,. An example might be a TV tuner chip for example, which are becomingincreasingly popular in Asia. So, itsadditional products that are more feature rich and new and that are not reallythat much driven by standards, where we are getting success. I also mentioned a few other examples, like the satellitereceivers that were used and mostly goes into automobiles for example. So thereare other products, other than just power management and audio parts that wesell into consumer applications.
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Has that emphasis changed muchover the last couple of years or has your product roadmap with high frequencyis pretty steady?
Tonc Doluca: I would say that if you look backthree or four years ago, we did have some emphasis on making transceiver chipsfor CDMA, and I don't know if you recall, but two or three years ago, that wasan issue for us in terms of bringing down our margins. So, I would say that inthe last few years we have changed our focus from really making transceiverproducts for cell phones to making the more value-added differentiable typeproducts. 
Jeff Rosenberg - William Blair: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questioncomes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Yes. I have two questions. Thefirst one is on industrial market, these are fairly broad markets, and there isthe relative weakness in industrial, basically a seasonal pattern and we shouldget better as we move into the first and second calendar quarter of the year?
Tonc Doluca: Well, I think in the industrial marketit's usually, those markets are bit stronger in the first half of the year, butI emphasized that word a bit because when we looked at our historical data,even though you could see a pickup in those quarters, it's very slight. So, Ithink that those markets, we expect, unless there are some macroeconomicsituation that they would get slightly better in the first half of the year. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. On the cell phone side, I got the impression in thepast, that it's primarily CDMA, the phones related. Are you tied to the KoreanHandset customers or are we looking at broader range of customers and productsthese days?
Tonc Doluca: In terms of our cell phone sales whether it be audio orpower management, we do have design wins and revenue coming from multiplecustomers and multiple standards. But I would have to say that, a bulk of thatis coming from the CDMA market and most of the CDMA customers happen to be in Korea.
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Great. Okay. Fantastic, thank you.
Tonc Doluca: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gurinder Kalra fromBear Stearns.
Gurinder Kalra - BearStearns: Thanks. First question on the OpEx side, you mentioned thatthere were some math costs which influenced OpEx, is it possible to tell us,how much was the math cost and whether that we should look at that as more of anon-recurring item?
Vijay Ullal: We're not going to breakdown the actual amount of markedexpense. It did increase a little bit in the quarter, and one of the issueswith [mass] expense as you would probably expect, its a little bit lumpydepending on the timing. And this was quarter where the engineers were able toaccelerate some tape out, and which is obviously a good thing for us as a company.Going forward, we dont expect it to -- we expect it to stay within a similarrange.
Gurinder Kalra - BearStearns: Okay. Second question is on the handset, was thatconsiderable fraction with Chinese handset venders during the quarter alsowhich explains some of the upside.
Tunc Doluca: No. I would say that the large portion of the increase inthe handset area was mostly coming from Korea.
Gurinder Kalra - BearStearns: Okay. Thanks, very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Romit Shah fromLehman brothers.
Romit Shah - LehmanBrothers: Yeah thanks for taking my question. We guys have had thepush off of the expected filing of the restatement on a couple of occasions,looking at it today are you any more confident that you will get therestatement filed by the March period?
Bruce Kiddoo: Shah this is Bruce. Our current estimated date is stillcalendar of quarter -- first quarter and we are still confident. There is asignificant amount of effort within the company and with outside advisors tomake sure we complete this process. Its very clear that this is the toppriority Tunc has made it very clear to all of us who are working on it. And soour efforts are to complete it within the Q1 time period.
Romit Shah - LehmanBrothers: Okay. And if I could, just to clarify, Bruce are youexpecting to generate some operating leverage in fiscal '08, meaning should weexpect earnings to grow at a faster rate then sales?
Bruce Kiddoo: Yeah, absolutely our business model is to grow OpEx at aslower rate than revenue and so you should expect to see some leverage infiscal year '08.
Romit Shah - LehmanBrothers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBSNew York.
Uche Orji from UBS New York: Thanks for taking my question. Let me just go back a bit onthe Vijay's point, I know you said the impact on revenue was not material, butif we look below the revenue line on the P&L was there any impact say onthat lines in the expenses?
Vijay Ullal: Yeah when we look in.
Tunc Doluca: Which, you are asking about Q1 or Q2?
Uche Orji from UBS New York: I am asking about Q1?
Vijay Ullal: So when we look at the test overall
Tunc Doluca: Q1 we had enclosethat.
Vijay Ullal: Q1 yeah we had enclosed the deal.
Tunc Doluca: It wasnt in the numbers.
Uche Orji from UBS New York: Right. And if I look at in the coming to this currentquarter what type of impact should we expect on the expenses lines. Should weexpect if any?
Vijay Ullal: No. We expect it to be slightly dilutive this quarter in Q2,and expect it to be accretive for the full fiscal year, so you will see someimpact this quarter from an OpEx side.
Uche Orji from UBS New York: Okay. Let me just ask another question, if I look at theguidance you are giving how much of that, how much turns business you imply inthat guidance. And if you can give me a perspective whether that's higher orlower than normal level of turns?
Vijay Ullal: All right. The level of turns business is consistent withwhat we've had in prior quarters. We no longer kind of break out the exactnumber.
Uche Orji from UBS New York: Okay. Let me just ask another question on the notebookmarket. Now this has been a fairly strong market. Do you have any perspectiveas to the debate going on in the industry now about double ordering within thePC segment? Do you have any perspective about that? What your sense is in thatfrom your product perspective from what you see within the channel, what's yourtake on that?
Tunc Doluca: Well, I'll take that question. Well, I mean double bookingis a natural reaction from customers, when they sense that there is a supplyshortage. So, in our case we have been supporting these customers very wellwith deliveries. And our lead times for the notebook customers have remainedconstant, they have not gone up. So, all indications from customers are thatthey are not double booking on Maxim. And weather they are double booking onothers, we will not be able to tell that.
Uche Orji from UBS New York: Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeriafrom RBC Capital Markets.
Sanjay Rajkumar - RBCCapital Markets: Hi, guys. This is [SanjayRajkumar] calling for Mahesh. Couple of questions. The comment, which you hadon strength in the cell phone market. My question is can you give some color onwhat do you think are the barriers of entry from the competition in terms ofboth, design of the product, as well as the manufacturing process?
Tunc Doluca: So, in the cell phone market thereare several barriers for entry. In terms of our products that are singlefunction or building-block by products, those are really driven by theperformance of the part. So to win the socket you need a design team that'sknowledgeable in that particular function. And also, process technology thatgives that design team the tools to make a better product. So in that scenariowhere Maxim has invested for years, and we have leading edge process technologythat's proprietary. And we have a design team that's very experienced in thatarea. On the other hand, if you look atthe higher integration products, there, what you need is mostly the ability toput together a lot of these high-performance functions and they might be comingfrom diverse areas like you might have to put together USB transceivers withpower management, with real time clocks, with audio amplifiers, and that kindof diversity is in very few competitors of ours. So we're able to eliminate alarge portion of competitors that are trying to come in to the market just bythe fact that we can design these complex products.
Sanjay Rajkumar - RBCCapital Markets: Right. If I could turn to thecomputing section, could you comment on rough terms as to how would you compareyour dollar content in notebooks, now versus, lets say two years back?
Tunc Doluca: We'd have to look at the data. Ican't really quantify it, but I do know that our numbers for those businessunits are higher than they were three years ago in terms of revenue.
Bruce Kidddo: And Sanjay, if I may, I would like to add a comment to thefollow-up comment. So, you would have to really compare us against other peoplein terms of the falling three things like, we have good, really good productdefinition, because of our close association with the customers. We have reallygood relationships with customers. We have unique process technologies. Our owninternal manufacturing, which gives us process and product differentiation,lower cost, and that we have a wide diversity of IP, which would entail audio,video, power management and all of these things. So, its really a triplethreat and you would have to, you will have a hard time finding somebody thatcould do all of those three things. As there is a very limited number of peoplewho can do all three. So, that was the differentiation for Maxim comes about inthe cell phone arena. A mix signal, anyway.
Sanjay Rajkumar - RBCCapital Markets: Okay. And if I may, one last question. Can you comment onyour capacity or manufacturing capacity available? Do you have enough capacityon line at the moment to be able to taken spikes and orders from the customers?
Vijay Ullal: Hi. This is Vijay. I'll comment about fab capacity, andright now, if you add all our internal fab capacity and you add in the strategicalliance with Epson, were running about 75% of our equipment capacity. If youlook at what our capacities with respect to what we could do, we outfitted ourinternal fab completely with equivalent. Were running at about 46% of ourcapacity. So, we have plenty.
Sanjay Rajkumar - RBCCapital Markets: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda fromBanc of America.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc ofAmerica: Yes hi, I had a couple of questions. Bruce just I want toask you about your operating model which seems to be a little bit of a changefrom the last call where I think Tunc suggested that operating profits shouldgrow inline with the revenues as opposed to faster. But along those lines canyou help us understand what specific action you are contemplating to allow forthe leverage to flow through the model especially given the diversification inthe business model, which I think at the outset requires higher R&D outlaysas you pursue some ASSP opportunities?
Tunc Doluca: Let me take the first part and Bruce will take the second.When I was asked that question in the last conference call, I was reallyreferring to what we expected for the just upcoming quarter in terms of our --essentially what I had said was that our operating expenses have changed prettymuch with our revenue change for the quarter. But for longer term our goal isto get leverage and our goal is to grow our operating expense at a slower ratethen our revenues. Bruce do you want to add some more color?
Bruce Kiddoo: Sure and the way we are going to achieve that a across allthree key metrics right, we are going to aggressively seek out revenue growth.We believe our strategy in our managing kind of our core business along withsort of the high consumer or high growth opportunities will allow us to growfaster than the industry. From a gross margin point of view both by managingthis mix of business and by aggressively going after cost reduction activitieswhich we are doing in fab end of line. Across the board there is a renewed emphasis and with Tuncon board to push very hard from a cost reduction point of view and then ofcourse from an OpEx point of view that's just managing your investments, but Ithink the key thing we are going to do there is in looking at the differentbusinesses that we are in, make the decisions and make the choices as to whereto invest our R&D dollars, to ensure that we are getting the best return for that. So, I think its going to be a very active process, acrossrevenue gross margin and operating margin. And as you have seen from the lastcouple of quarters, we've been able to deliver this nice consistent predictablerevenue growth with stable margins. And really that's the model that we aregoing to target going forward.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc ofAmerica: I guess I'm not clear about couple of things, one I mean themix of the business, I am not sure how it can get richer given your strategy ofpursuing a more ASSP centric model? And then I guess second point, I am notclear on is your SG&A line is a very low percentage of revenues. So I amassuming that there is no cushion or leverage within that particular line or ifI am mistaken please help me out?
Vijay Ullal: Yes. So first of all I will do them in reverse order. As faras SG&A to an extent that revenue continues grow above industry average, Iwould say there is some leverage there, we are doing significant amount of workas far as, we have publicly talked about an SAP implementation. We are lookingto drive efficiencies across the entire organization and that's happening inall of our groups. I think on the revenue side, Ithink there are two ways that we are going to kind of drive that. One is we'realong with, kind of seeking this high revenue opportunities, obviously we areworking very hard on our core business as well, and looking for new businessesto enter there and kind of defending the core to make sure that that businessstays strong and healthy. And I think the third part from a gross margin pointof view, which I mentioned before is again we are very aggressive from a costreduction point of view. Making sure we have our factories sized appropriatelyso that they are running as efficiently as possible.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Okay.
Tonc Doluca:  And then to quantify that a bitmore, I mean if you look at our SEM, we believe it's going to grow from about$18 billion to almost $25 billion between 2007 and 2010. And a lot of thatgrowth does come from entering markets that we have not entered. So there areopportunities for us to find revenue, and we have a diverse product portfolio,but it doesn't encompass everything that's needed out there. So there areopportunities there, and then there are also opportunities, we believe, inleveraging our small and medium-sized customers with existing products. InR&D, that's already been spent to increase our revenue as well. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Okay. Just as a follow-up to that20%, can you update us on what percentage of revenue at this point are comingfrom your high-volume lower-margin products? My last recollection is it wasabout 16% in fiscal '05, as you've closed fiscal '07, do you have an update forus?
Vijay Ullal: I think you're referring to thebuilding block versus high integration. And that update is currently around, Ithink, it's still just below 20%. As far as the core versus high volume, wehaven't broken that percentage out. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Okay. Then one final question foryou, Bruce. You -- given the sequential growth within each of the four majorsegments, any chance we could get a breakout from an exposure perspective forthose four segments?
Bruce Kiddoo:  So, currently they are relativelywell balanced. We haven't split that out specifically in the past.
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America: Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (OperatorInstructions) Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Seymore -Deutsche Bank: Hi, Tunc and Bruce. Can you guys talk a little bit about thelinearity of orders in the quarter, and specifically you highlighted thenotebook strength, I think a prior question asked about double ordering. Ratherthan double ordering, have you guys seen any slowdown in that as we progressthrough this quarter?
Tunc Doluca: Okay. If we look at the bookings for the prior quarter, Q1quarter, I think that if we looked at that, it started up very strong and wevegot a lot of bookings and orders, in the first part. So, I would say that itwas not completely linear throughout the quarter. And it was less towards theend, and thats why our guidance for this quarter is 3% instead of the -- that3, but the middle range 3% instead of being a higher number. So, in terms oflooking at how Q2 started, its really, we really dont want to talk aboutthose numbers because its too small of a sample size to be able to tellanything. So, I wont be able to give you lot of color on, how the bookingswere going on in October.
Bruce Kiddoo: But I think Ross, based on the bookings pattern we'reseeing, we're still obviously very comfortable with the guidance that we havegiven and that booking support that.
Ross Seymore -Deutsche Bank: Great, and kind of like the prior question that was asked,even though you are not going to give the exact breakout of those segmentsbefore the computing consumer etcetera, are there any sub-segments within that,those four are bouncers, so are there any sub-segments within that, that arethe vast majority of those, anything over, say, half of those segments in andit of itself?
Bruce Kiddoo: I think when you look at the segments, I mean, werecurrently are tracking 19 of those segments. Its very well diversified acrossthem. There is only three that are above 10%, and none of those three aregreater than 20%. And so basically its well diversified, there is obviouslythe three there are a little bit higher than the others.
Ross Seymore -Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nancy Friedman fromGreenleaf Capital.
Nancy Friedman -Greenleaf Capital: Hi thank you for taking my questions. Could you give alittle more color on the rational behind the Vitesse acquisition?
Tunc Doluca: Sure this is Tunc. So essentially the particular productline market, which is the storage market, it's an area that we actually didhave a product plan to go and pursue. And especially to make one of thesesegments or one of the functions in that market is called an expander and wewere actively developing some products in that area and we found out that wewere significantly behind in this technology development internally. And we didsee a fairly large market, it is a market where the product really gets soldbecause of the very high performance of the high three or six gigabit persecond, from an interface.  So we really choose the product, the analog performance ofthat high speed front end. So essentially decided that maybe the best way forus to get a jump start in the product area was to go find who the leader was inthat segment and look at acquiring them. And essentially that ended up in usacquiring that division from the Vitesse. What we also get essentially was a jump start on customerrelationships in that particular product area. There are a few OEM typecustomers and they really trusted the workforce or the design engineers and theapplications engineers and the tests. So it really gave us a jumpstart in themarket where there are not a lot of suppliers. Its profitable because it isvery difficult to do this high speed front end circuits and we are addingessentially a group of engineers that were already experienced doing that. Sowe saw it as a good opportunity, their margins were inline with what theCompany wanted and it would provide growth for the company in general. Bruce?
Bruce Kiddoo: So, one other thing that probably has not been or did notfactor exclusively in to this and we are kind of seeing some of the results ofit is that, these particular products are pretty core in the system. And thisallows us, we think that, based on our customer relationship that we aredeveloping in the faculties or core products and some of the other productsthat go around this core product, because we could do a better do a better jobof selling those. So, there is a leverage there that probably has not beentalked about exclusively. But we hope to see some of that.
Tunc Doluca: Yes, and thats the benefit, Bruce is absolutely right,thanks for making that comment. But we saw that as a benefit that we could get,but since we couldnt quantify it, we made the decision basically on theinherent value of the products we were getting. But there is more leverage fromthat because of this relationship.
Nancy Friedman -Greenleaf Capital: Thank you very much.
Tunc Doluca: You're welcome.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike McConnell withPacific Crest Securities.
Mike McConnell -Pacific Crest Securities:  Thanks. Could you talk a littlebit about just general customer behavior in Q4 with respect to the OEMs, andthen maybe touch on distributors, just general behavior, build plans, are theymore conservative in the way you would normally see, etcetera?
Tunc Doluca: You said Q4, but I think youmeant Q1, right?
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Yeah, I'm sorry calendar Q4 --year fiscal.
Tunc Doluca: Oh, current quarter, yeah, thiswas down quarter?
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: They -- essentially we do sendsome amount of caution in the customers, but I wouldn't say that they drasticallychange their behavior, when I'm talking about both OEMs and the distributors.But they are cautious.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Does it feel like though that thenormal step up though and build plans that you typically see in Q4, somewhatmuted, are in your fiscal Q2 more muted than you normally see?
Tunc Doluca: It's really difficult to say.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: What about turns? What's theconfidence on the turn side?
Tunc Doluca: I think we're very confident onthe turn side, again, it's consistent with levels in prior quarters. So wedon't see any issue there. 
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: And it's a fine loaded quarterthere, is that right?
Tunc Doluca: Our linearity is relatively goodhere across the three months.
Mike McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questioncomes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James:  Great, Thank you. You guys havemade some investment in CapEx over the past few quarters, and I was curiousalmost have been -- and you might typically make, it seems that might appeal tosome cost risen in terms of giving them actual capacity to work with us. Haveyou seen a positive impact from that or am I thinking about that wrong?
Bruce Kiddoo: Sorry, what was your question?
Tunc Doluca: Can you repeat the question,please?
Steve Smigie - Raymond James:  You guys have made decentinvestment in CapEx over the past few quarters, I am just curious has therebeen any positive customer feedback from that or is that merely an operatingissue for you?
Tunc Doluca:  We absolutely have seen positive responses or comments fromour customers. They have seen that we are, A: We are able to deliver on ourcommitments, and also be able to meet their requirements for build. And thenalso, they feel very comfortable or confident by this fact that when there isan upside, what we put in place, we can respond fairly quickly. So, they've allcommented, they have seen that as a good thing, and they also, additionally,are very positive about the cycle time improvements we made over the last ninemonths.
Bruce Kiddoo: I think our overall cycle times went down about five weekfrom the beginning of the year, which I think has been extremely positive forthe whole company and our customers.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Thank you. And my other question was just on ASSP products,do you see that as more of a product, sort of products where there ispotentially pricing pressure or was it traditional standard products or more.Your perspective and really price pressure was that the one way to think aboutit?.
Tunc Doluca: I would say that pricing pressure mostly comes throughvolumes. Its not only the type of products, its really the volume of theproducts. So, you could have a single-function product, and if its being soldor bought in very high volume by a customer and you're going to have pricingpressure. So, its really not coming from being high integration or lowintegration, its mostly coming from volumes.
Steve Smigie - Raymond James: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Craig Ellisfrom Citi.
Craig Ellis - Citi: Tunc, can could just elaborate on what your objectives arewith regards to acquisition relative to other uses of cash. Obviously there isno buyback until the financials are restated. But should we expect the companyto be more acquisitive than in the future following up another test deal.
Tunc Doluca: Craig in that area -- that is an area where we have made achange. First of all we formed a small business development group and staffedit with a couple of our best people. And our stance really is to look atopportunities essentially either coming from business units in terms of addingtechnology and Vitesse was a really good example of that and also looking forcases where we might want to add or accelerate some of our process technology,where we might want to add modules to give our engineers better tools. Somostly that groups function is to look at small additions to the company andmostly to buy us time in terms of technology development, whether it be inprocess or it be in design.
Craig Ellis - Citi: Can you quantify how much that group might be charge withspending or are you thinking there is a level of spend that's a threshold forthat group on an annual basis?
Tunc Doluca: Frankly we look at each case. If the group is not -- theyare not given a budget, a spending budget and we look at each one of this casesas they come and we also look at that group also will out in seek as the business unit say, it's very interestingtechnology that we need for our product roadmap to go out and look. But it'sreally not a budget based system that you might see in some of the largercompanies, that have large venture groups for example.
Craig Ellis - Citi: Okay. So clearly more opportunistic. Then just Bruce foryou, on the last call there was mention made of an ARP system implementation,should we still expect that, if so when and how should we think about theexpense side of that implementation?
Bruce Kiddoo:  So, we have kicked of an SAP implementation, as you knowthose are a long process. So, that will take at least a year plus to get done.And from an expense point of view that's factored in to our business model andwill accomplish this within the business model that we have articulated. 
Craig Ellis - Citi: Okay. Thanks Bruce.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Uche Orjifrom UBS.
Uche Orji - UBS:  My question being answered, thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue atthis time.
Paresh Maniar: Thank you all for participating in our call. This is the endof our Q1 fiscal '08 conference call.
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen for your participation intoday's conference. This does conclude the program, you may now disconnect.Good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-08-02 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Paresh Maniar - Executive Director of IR   Alan Hale - Interim CFO   Tunc Doluca - CEO   Vijay Ullal - Group President   Pirooz Pavarandeh - Group President 
Analysts: Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities   Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers   Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank   Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns   Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley   Deepak Sitaraman - Credit Suisse   David Wu - Global Crown Capital   Steven Smigie - Raymond James   Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan   Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities   Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs   Craig Ellis - Citigroup   Craig Hettenbach - Wachovia Securities   Uche Orji - UBS   John Wright - Consumer Equity   Doug Freedman - AmTech Research 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. Paresh Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead. 
Paresh Maniar: Thank you, operator and welcome to our fiscal fourth quarter 2007 Earnings Call. With me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunc Doluca; Group President, Pirooz Pavarandeh; Group President, Vijay Ullal; and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Alan Hale.  There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results.  First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind you that statements we make about the future, including: our intentions or expectations, or predictions of the future, including, but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and terms orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end market consumption of our products, the estimated time to complete our restatement project and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they're intended to identify forward-looking statements.  It is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from these projected in the forward-looking statement. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 25, 2005. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC.  Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirement, we have made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end of the call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. And operator will provide instructions at that time.  Fiscal Q4 of 2007 contain 14 weeks instead of our typical 13-week quarter. The first three quarters of fiscal 2007 were 13-week quarter and the first quarter of fiscal 2008 will also be a 13-week quarter.  Consistent feedback that we have received indicates that the investment community would like us to shorten the length of our conference call. We would therefore like to limit the length of the call to about one hour. Consequently we are reducing our prepared remarks and in turn request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow up question during the Q&A session.  Before I hand the call over to Alan, I want to remind you of the content of our January 31, 2007 press release, which reported that due to stock option accounting matters, Maxim expects to restate its financial statement. Since the company has not yet issued restated financial statement. We are unable to provide detailed GAAP or non-GAAP financials for the quarter ended June 30, 2007.  As a result, all numbers contained in our press release and discussed on this call exclude all stock based compensation. These numbers should be treated as estimates only and are subject to change. Regarding the restatement project, Maxim's management has completed its review and analysis of the appropriate transmission date for accounting purposes. We are in the second phase now and the outside auditors are constructing their audits. While we have made considerable progress the completion date is now expected to extend beyond the summer timeframe.  We are currently on track for completion in the next three to six months. No additional comments can be made regarding this issue.  I will now pass on the call to Alan Hale. 
Alan Hale: Thank you, Paresh. Net revenues for the fourth quarter were $531 million, an 11.6% increase from the third quarter of fiscal 2007 and a 4.0% increase from the same quarter last year. I remind you that the fourth quarter fiscal 2007 was a 14 week quarter for Maxim. The sequential quarterly net revenue increased on a 13 week equivalent basis would have been 3.7%.  Excluding stock based compensation and nonrecurring charges Q4 gross margins improved by 0.9% compared to Q3. This improvement was primarily due to lower inventory reserves. Turns will expand later on other initiatives that have had a stabilizing impact on our margins.  I now want to discuss a nonrecurring charge affecting gross margins in our fiscal Q4. As you may recall Maxim announced a new Japan based manufacturing partnership with Seiko Epson in February 2007. In light of the performance, economics, and scalability of this partnership, we reached a difficult decision to ideal a portion of our wafer fabrication capacity located in San Jose. The impact of this decision resulted in onetime charges for asset impairment and accelerated depreciation of approximately $23.3 million.  There will be further nonrecurring charges of $8.4 million and $2.6 million in Q1 and Q2 of fiscal '08 respectively of accelerated depreciation and severance costs related to this action. The current plan is for the San Jose fab to continue to produce wafers albeit at a lower rate since it is our primary technology development location. Operating expenses increased 7.7% sequentially primarily due to the additional week, and there is a smaller increase than the 11.6% sales increase, I mentioned earlier.  I will now highlight some items on our balance sheet. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment decreased by $24.9 million during fiscal Q4. Significant uses of cash during the quarter included $50 million in dividends, $143.3 million in payments for property and equipment, and $49.5 million for income tax payments. Accounts receivables decreased $6.7 million during the quarter to $244 million, and our days of sales outstanding decreased from 50 days in Q3 to 46 days at the end of the June quarter. Inventory increased modestly during Q4 and as well with in our operating guidelines.  Moving on to certain other items of interest, during Q4 additions to property, plant and equipments were $119.6 million, this brings our fiscal 2007 capital spending total to $380.7 million or 19% of sales. This level of capital spending was driven by a conscious decision to expand capacity and invest in engineering productivity tools as the means that not only full capacity in place for future growth, but also reduce our manufacturing and new product introduction cycle times.  Each investments during fiscal '07 are expected to strengthen our competitive position as we move forward. We expect our capital spending in FY '08 to moderate, to approximately $200 to $250 million, including approximately $80 million for fiscal Q1. Additionally during the June quarter, inventories in the distribution channel declined modestly, while distribution resales increased.  Regarding bookings and backlog, as we have explained previously the few items routinely cause a small reduction in the revenue we actually realize from every dollar we book. Shipment endowed adjustments to our distributors of the primary contributor to this delta. So that a more accurate book-to-bill ratio can be calculated, we will only provide a net realizable portion of our bookings and backlog going forward.  During Q4 Maxim recorded net realizable bookings of $540 million up 16.6% from the $463 million in Q3. Our beginning current quarter backlog of net realizable revenue for Q1 is $350 million, unchanged from the beginning 90 day backlog for Q4.  I will now hand over the call to Tunc to provide additional comments and guidance. 
Tunc Doluca: Thank you, Alan. Good afternoon. I will pick up from where Alan left off by providing a break down of our bookings. Orders from the industrial, communications, and computing end markets were up sequentially in Q4 with computing exhibiting the strongest percentage increase. Sequential bookings from the consumer end market were down due to normal seasonality and the bookings strength we experienced from this segment in Q3.  Turns orders received to-date in Q1 indicate that ordering from the consumer segment may now be in full swing as we approached the holiday build season. Based on beginning backlog and orders received so far, we expect Q1 revenues to be between $510 million and $530 million. This would be a 3.4% to 7.5% sequential increase over Q4 '07 when normalized to 13 weeks. We anticipate that our Q1 gross margin will be approximately in line with our Q4 gross margin. And our goal is to manage Q1 operating expenses to be in line with sequential revenue percentage change from Q4.  We recently completed a comprehensive review of our annual business plan. I will next summarize the major components of this plan. Firstly, our business units based long range product development plans include continued technical hiring and stable operating margins, while attaining mid teens long-term average revenue and profit growth.  Our market study concluded that Maxim served the viable market will grow at close to 12% annual rate in the next three years reaching $2.5 billion in the year 2010. This growth is due to the combination of organic growth of these markets, as well as expansion into new product areas.  Our manufacturing plan includes sufficient capacity, flexibility and shorten cycle time. Additionally, we have put in notion, significant cost reduction plans for wafer fabs and end of line test that result in annual savings to counter ASP declines customary in our industry.  Our infrastructure upgrade plan will rollout and modernize our engineering design automation tools during fiscal year '08. We selected our ERP vendor and are launching a two year project to build a scalable foundation resulting in productivity enhancements as we grow our revenue.  Turning to our February initiatives, we have made significant progress on the five that we had mentioned before.  Number one, gross margins have been stable due to measures put in place a year ago taking effect. These measures included an improved pricing approval process, timely offshore transfer production, and test and yield improvements in wafer fabs. However quarter-over-quarter fluctuations will continue to exist due to a variety of factors including pricing, mix change, manufacturing new variations and inventory reserve actions changes.  Two, we covered significant ground in our improved customer delivery support initiative. The three week reduction in manufacturing cycle times was achieved ahead of plan. Small order support also known as our prototype order fulfillment initiative improved significant recently. We exceeded 95% fulfillment within the one week of customer shipment request date for target products.  Thirdly, changes in the product line organizations outlined previously as well as emphasis of inter business unit collaboration efforts that allowing Maxim to leverage its strength, and a number of disciplines to provide better solutions to our customers. Vijay will discuss one of our many successes at a later point in the call.  Number four, the long range plan sets targets for our business unit executives for operating margin, operating profit for the next three years. A significant component of the year one and year two executive compensation is now tied to achieving these targets.  Number five, our global sales and distribution plan is almost complete with four of our six regions done. This plan includes improved support of small to midsize customers through the distribution channel with various changes to disti programs, disti management, training, and resource editions. Due to the confidential nature of these changes, I can not discuss the details of these programs right now.  We believe addressing this set of higher margin value-oriented customers will assist in maintaining company wide gross margins.  While, I am pleased that we have made rapid progress on these initiatives. I am confident, we will make further improvements going forward. We have made progress on the CFO search.  Alan Hale has been working day and night towards the completion of the restatement and the company appreciates his dedication and hard work. However, for family reasons, he has decided to remove his candidacy from consideration.  We are within a week or two of announcing our next CFO. Alan will continue to serve as the Interim CFO until the restatement is complete.  I will close by saying that the results of the recently completed long-range plan we are ingratiating, we unidentified many opportunities to add value via our unique engineering talent and product definition, design, process technology, especially in applications where we can leverage our vast existing set of library, know-how, and intellectual property.  Maxim will continue to benefit from a position that few semiconductor makers enjoy. We can constantly balance our portfolio between high margin, broad appeal, highly innovative building block products and fast growth application-specific high-integration products.  Having the ability to change our mix of these products gives us great flexibility to make trade-offs between revenue growth and margins. And to take advantage of emerging opportunities without departing from a stable product base. We are not limited in our growth options nor are we stuck in businesses that become low margin for us.  I would now like to ask Pirooz and Vijay to join me in informing you about a few exciting design wins we achieved during Q4 that will contribute to Maxim's revenue and earnings growth in the near future. Vijay? 
Vijay Ullal: Thank you, Tunc. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to talk to you about two specific examples of these design wins. First, we recently secured an audio design win at a major mobile phone manufacture for the next generation super thin phones. These phones use ceramic speakers that are third of the thickness of current speaker technology.  The product that we introduced and got design win, drives the speakers directly from the battery with twice the efficiency of the competition and the solution that we provided is 30% smaller than the competition.  What's particularly encouraging and exciting about this and we are really proud of it, is that it was a result of a collaborative effort between two business units.  The second example occurred in the WiMAX arena, where we introduced the industry's first 2.5 gigahertz transceiver. We ramped this product rapidly into volume production for a large US telecom company. The high level of integration and low power consumption of our solutions allows wireless Internet access at 1.5 megabit per second from a notebook PC.  The innovative nature of this product was recognized by Microwaves & RF magazine and it was featured on the cover.  With that I turn it over to Pirooz. 
Pirooz Pavarandeh: Thank you, Vijay and good afternoon everyone. I will give three other examples of the many design wins we had in the quarter. First we had a significant design win with our internal FET power supply circuits at a tier 1 server manufacture. We won against our competition because our products are smaller by factor of two and they offer significant efficiency benefits, while reducing the overall system cost.  As a second example Maxim is enabling automotive manufactures to rapidly innovate consumer electronics into car. We won a number of significant sockets at a major car manufacture for this key application. These wins spend multiple product lines within Maxim's broad product offerings. In this application a number of consumer electronics devices such as cell phones, and DVD players and other USB enable devices can be easily interfaced to the car.  In the MP3 area, we had a major win for PMIC Power Management Integrate Circuit socket at a leading Japanese consumer electronics company. This multi-channel PMIC is optimized for MP3 applications, it provides a high level of integration and improves battery life. We developed this product in record time by leveraging our existing cell library and extensive in electro property base.  Now I hand it over back to Tunc. 
Tunc Doluca: All right thank you, Vijay and Pirooz. Well, I'm extremely pleased with the company's execution during Q4 gross margins and operating margins improved during the quarter, and our revenues came in above the mid point of our guidance. I would like to finish by saying that these are really exciting times at Maxim for all of us, for myself, and all the employees, and we look forward to a brighter future. 
Paresh Maniar: That is the end of our prepared remarks. We would now welcome you questions. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions? 
Operator: Certainly. (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Couple of questions. First, can you give us an update on -- 
Tunc Doluca: Can you hold on? We can barely hear you. Hello? 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Yes. Hello. Can you hear me? 
Tunc Doluca: I can hear you. But that question we could barely hear. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Let me repeat that. I apologize. 
Tunc Doluca: Okay 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Could you have been at there for sometime now, if you give us an update on what's your long-term targeted operating model for the companies at this point, do you have a better sense of that now? 
Tunc Doluca: Yeah, I do. And that was essentially part of this annual business plan process that we go through with our business units. And the plan that we come up with will essentially provide us with a gross margin that's in the low 60s. It has about a 15% pre-year revenue growth. And also below the line spending that grows at a slightly lower pace in revenue growth. So that's our model. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: But no official operating margin model turns? 
Tunc Doluca: No. Not until we go through this restatement. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Just can I ask a follow up? 
Tunc Doluca: Sure. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Your outlook for the third quarter on a apples-to-apples basis implying roughly 5% growth at the midpoint although the 90 day backlog is flat is it because you think the turns business is coming stronger here to the first month of the quarter or I am miss interpreting the backlog? 
Tunc Doluca: Well, essentially if you look at the first four weeks of the quarter, the order rate has been fairly significant, as I mentioned in the call before and that's giving us the reason to believe that we can achieve what we stated as the range for our revenue. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Romit Shah from Lehman Brothers. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Just back on the outlook for Q3, I mean, it looks like revenue growth is accelerating adjusting for 13 weeks in this period. Can you elaborate more on the booking initiatives in terms of computing and consumer handset what's leading the way quarter-to-date that's essentially driving the better than seasonal forecast? 
Tunc Doluca: Okay you said Q3, but I assume you meant calendar Q3? 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Correct. 
Tunc Doluca: As I said on the call if you look at last quarter we had three market segments, where we had strong bookings the only one that lagged was consume. So and that one lagged mainly because we had pretty high order rates for the consumer market especially from Korea in the previous quarter. So, if you look at this geographic we were up in all regions in the world except in Korea, in our bookings rate from fiscal Q3 to fiscal Q4. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And Alan, sorry I missed it, but could you tell us what was the change in operating margin in the prior quarter? 
Alan Hale: We did not indicate an operating margin number. What we did say is that on a sequential basis gross margins increased by 0.9% and operating expenses grew by 7.7% sequentially, which is at a slower rate and the sales grew, which was an 11.6% increase. 
Romit Shah - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore of Deutsche Bank. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Guys you talked about the 90 basis points improvement in gross margin being driven by the lower inventory write downs. How much inventory write downs is still in the COGS and therefore might be able to tile going forward and basically what's kind of normalized level for that reserve? 
Alan Hale: Ross, I don't think it's good for us to answer that, because its very dynamic and it depends a lot on how our long-term ship demand forecast is changing. So I'd gather give a number guidance on that. 
Ross Seymore - Deutsche Bank: Nearly, is it down to kind of normalized level or is there still some cleanup occurring in your innovatory that is going to make that either go up or down going forward. Just kind of more your qualitative thing, quantitatively if you can do that? 
Alan Hale: Last quarter I think I was asked the same question and I said, what are the chance, that it might go down something that happened. This quarter I think, I given the same answer, there is some chance that it might go down slight amount. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gurinder Kalra from Bear Stearns. 
Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns: Thank you very much. Now you mentioned some design wins in the later half of the prepared remarks. Can you just let us know where you are getting share and from what kind of players, are that just new products, where you are not seeing any competition? 
Tunc Doluca: Okay. It may be a on a short term basis that's really difficult to answer, but I would venture to say that the wins we are seeing are in both, in existing markets, where we do have product presence, but also we have a lot of new products, where we've got very unique and innovative functions and Vijay improves, I think I elaborated.  And only four of these in this call because of time limitations. So we are winning both because of some of our new products, but also some of our old products in various markets are also getting design wins. So it's a mix. 
Gurinder Kalra - Bear Stearns: And what kind of companies would you be getting share from? 
Tunc Doluca: Well, it's a very long list of competitors. So it's hard for us to quantify and say. We are winning this much from this competitor and so on. So that's pretty much all that I can say, it's a whole host of competitors. 
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Louis Gerhardy from Morgan Stanley. 
Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, good afternoon. A couple of questions. First just on your fab strategy with what you announced in San Jose with what you picked up in Irving with the Seiko Epson. Can you just review your manufacturing strategy and what facilities we could expect to see the increased utilization end? 
Tunc Doluca: I think Vijay should better for Vijay to answer that. 
Vijay Ullal: So, I think in the short-term the manufacturing capacity will be expanded in Seiko Epson, and in the longer-term it will be expanded in the Irving facility. 
Louis Gerhardy - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then in terms of the OpEx guidance Alan, could you just start to reiterate what you said I didn't catch it? 
Tunc Doluca: OpEx. 
Alan Hale: Yeah. We mentioned that our operating expenses grew sequentially by 7.7%, which is lower than our sales increase. Sorry, I apologize. We think that operating expenses for Q1'08 our fiscal Q1'08 would be increasing at about the same rate that our sales will increase, and we will strive to manage it to be in line. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Masdea from Credit Suisse. 
Deepak Sitaraman - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good afternoon. This is Deepak Sitaraman for Michael. First just a clarification Tunc, did you say that you expect gross margin to be flat in fiscal Q1? 
Tunc Doluca: Yeah. We said they would be in line with what we had in Q4. 
Deepak Sitaraman - Credit Suisse: Got it. Okay. And then based on where you are with respect to your various operating efficiency initiative that will have an impact on gross margin. Do you feel like going forward the benefits of these initiatives will be enough to offset the betterments associated with unfavorable mix? 
Tunc Doluca: When we completed our business plan the pricing reductions are predicted by the business units versus the cost savings that we are planning to do in manufacturing. They were roughly offsetting each other. 
Deepak Sitaraman - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the last call you had expected your own lead time to shorten a little bit, how did that play out, and what are your expectations for the current quarter? 
Tunc Doluca: So, let see in Q4. Our lead times, we give to our customers did shorten by a small amount maybe about 0.3 weeks or so few days. And at the same time just for you to know that lead time given to us by our customers went up very slightly within our normal range. So, two things happened last quarter. But the lead times according to our customers did comedown slightly, and they were pretty close now to what our customers are requesting from us on average. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Yes, good afternoon. I was trying to ask question on the Tunc on the mix of business. As we go into the seasonal Q3, Q4, I assume that the industrial will not be so strong compared with consumer, computer, and the handset part of the communications. And I was wondering in the comp group approximately, what is the break down between handset and infrastructure in enterprise networking? 
Tunc Doluca: Okay. So David, the handset part of communication we actually count in consumer. So handsets are in consumer, infrastructure is in communications. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Okay. So I assume that infrastructure would be sequentially down in the September quarter and the handset, which is as you said part of communication, consumer would be sequentially up. Am I getting the profile right and does it have any implications for Q4? 
Tunc Doluca: Well, first of all the booking are indicating that consumer bookings were down sequentially, Q4 versus Q3. And all three others industrial, computing and communications were up sequentially from Q3 to Q4. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: I see, okay. 
Tunc Doluca: And that those bookings obviously a portion of them will dictate, what happens in shipments in our fiscal Q1. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: Oh, I see. 
Tunc Doluca: However, I also commented that our consumer bookings were pretty strong in the first month of this quarter. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: The reason I ask that is because the mix of something to do gross margins, if consumer and computing is strong, gross margin tend to go down and yet you are saying that its looks like a flat gross margin quarter coming up? 
Tunc Doluca: You know that's what its looks like, but also obviously the influence by other turns come in, in the remainder of the quarter. That's why I have indicated that we think its in-line, but we could have quarter-over-quarter changes because of this mix change. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Smigie from Raymond James. 
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: Great, Thank you. In the gross margin model you talked for going forward you mentioned low 60 is that on a GAAP basis or is that a pro forma basis excluding option expense? 
Tunc Doluca: Well, it's pro forma. We can't provide any GAAP based numbers at this time. 
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: It's just in terms of the model you are talking about, and how was, so you are saying. 
Tunc Doluca: The model was pro forma. And you asked about the long-term model? 
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: Yeah, right the long-term model. So that's. 
Tunc Doluca: That was pro forma. 
Steven Smigie - Raymond James: Pro forma okay and what would cause at the sort of stable ways continue to cost reductions or just? 
Tunc Doluca: We have continued cost reductions. We also are very careful about how we price our products now. We have put in place plans to make sure that if there are areas, where our value added is less and eventually ending up to low margins, that we don't stubbornly remain in those markets. We put a whole host of measures in place probably about a year ago. And those are beginning to take effect and will continue to have an effect on the company's margins going forward as well. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely from J.P. Morgan 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Hi, thanks guys and congratulations on getting the margins going up. Hey you given your long-term revenue growth rate at 15%, keeping the margins flat. If something happens to where you either have to choose between keeping that revenue growth rate at 15% and may be sacrificing margins or lowering the revenue growth, but keeping your margins intact. Which would you choose and why? 
Tunc Doluca: Well, that's a question that really has to be decided upon at the business unit level because the reasons in addition to just margin and revenue growth there are other reasons to keep or exit a particular product line of business. So essentially I'm going to leave that up to the business units as long as they achieved what they promised in terms of revenue growth and operating profits. 
Chris Danely - J.P. Morgan: Tunc, which is more important to you margins or revenue growth? 
Tunc Doluca: What's most important to me is profit growth and it can be achieved with those variables changing in different ways. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael McConnell from Pacific Crest. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Tunc, if you look at the initiatives you put in place you've outlined a few of them, where are we with the backend moving that's offshore is that largely been completed, where are we with that? 
Tunc Doluca: Backend meaning tests operations? 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Correct. 
Tunc Doluca: Well, test operations are essentially 95% is that right? 
Alan Hale: 98%. 
Tunc Doluca: 98% is offshore. And our issue is not being whether it's that percentage being high or not. Its new products that ramp quickly, those are initially released in the US. And if they quickly ramp that ends up with those having to test a lot of units on onshore facilities, which increases their cost.  So, and actually many of these new products that are high volume applications internally we've changed their announcement rule, so that we announce them only after they have been qualified to be tested offshore. So that's going to drive this 98% number even higher. But you can tell I mean, 98% is already a very high percentage of our production being offshore. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: And if we think about the gross margins longer-term, it sounds like you think, run out of point whether stabilizing as the kind of progress may be multiyear should we start to expect the front half of the year given the mix of industrial to give your company higher margins. And then declines in the second half of the year, as your mix moves more towards PCs and consumer? 
Tunc Doluca: That's really very difficult to model for us. But I could see fluctuations like that happening and maybe measured over the long time, you could see a trend. But it's not in our current model. We're just modeling on a fiscal year basis. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: But I guess overall at this point from what you can see, you feel very confident that margins has stabilized? 
Tunc Doluca: Yeah. 
Michael McConnell - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs. 
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you. Looking at your margins again, in the last year or so you had commented at various points about having some very low margin products in your mix. I think these were some more high volume integrated products that ramps quickly, before your costs were able come down, and that had contributed to a lower margin. Those kinds of products still in your mix or is that sort of lower hanging fruit from your margin improvement already been picked, and from hereon instead of other operational improvements? 
Tunc Doluca: I'd say that some of those products are still in our mix, and essentially we had to leave them in our mix because we did not want to dimension of our key customer relationships. But overtime, they will reduce, but they are still in there. 
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Sure. And I guess thinking of these kinds of products rolling off quarter-by-quarter and also having your revenues in presumably utilization increasing next quarter. And I almost sort of expected your gross margin to maybe pick up a little bit for those couple of reasons and these things mix is offsetting that or are there any other factors that play. 
Tunc Doluca: Well, that there is mix offsetting that and granted we are getting some operational leverage, but there is also constant negotiation on prices with customers as well. 
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis from Citigroup. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thanks for the color on the long-term model Tunc. As I look at the parameters, what's surprise me was the guidance for operating expense growth to be very close to revenue growth double-digit certainly. How much flexibility is there in the expense growth that you see, do you expect that SG&A and R&D will be growing about equally and as we think about big projects like an ERP implementation is that influencing the operating expense guidance that you are getting? 
Tunc Doluca: I think that our R&D growth will be fasters than the growth rate of SG&A. What is you pointed out, there will be projects that we need to resource properly and ERP is a good one that you picked up on that might cause SG&A to get bumped up for some periods of time. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Can you identify what any of the other projects would be? 
Tunc Doluca: I think ERP is the biggest one right now. And I don't think right now in the horizon there is a bigger SG&A project now. We do have some of these plans, we've got to execute on our sales channel plan. That also might add some SG&A as well. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Okay. And as we think about the increases in expense, so should we think about that being increases in employee count or promotional activity. How do we think about the drivers there? 
Tunc Doluca: I would model as mostly as an increase in employee count. So, direct expense. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Wachovia Securities. 
Craig Hettenbach - Wachovia Securities: Yes, the follow-up on some of strength you see in the consumer market, the start of this quarter and addition of handset. Can you talk about any other products that you are excited about and consumer products that you expect to drive growth through calendar Q3? 
Tunc Doluca: Calendar Q3. Of course we do have any additional approximate I mentioned. 
Alan Hale: Well, we've had. I look at the various business units I oversee and I think in the consumer area again cell phones and MP3 players we have a number of other design wins that are we considered to be pretty significant.  The basis for these design wins is wider becoming more significant is because we've gotten into some of our strategic customers. We started a design activity. We won some sockets and then the sockets are now proliferating into various platforms within that company. So within consumer, I would say cell phones and MP3 players I am seeing, some pretty good activity within that. In addition to that we had pretty good success in the flat panel TV this market.  So, we got some good penetration there, and some good momentum. There is some good promise with regard to that set of activities. And then I am trying to see if there is any other that would fall into the consumer arena, and I can't really, I think those are probably the biggest drivers that we have right now in my business units. 
Tunc Doluca: Then in computing, you have some audio products, the question was more about consumer? 
Alan Hale: Question was primarily about consumer. But I don't know if there is other segments that you want further color on. 
Craig Hettenbach - Wachovia Securities: That's the case. I could just follow-up on the lead time increasing just a little bit any differentiation between end market or products for lead times, as you move into back half of the year? 
Tunc Doluca: I don't think we've that data. So maybe we can get back to you with Paresh. So, your question is the difference in lead times being given to us from the different market segments. 
Craig Hettenbach - Wachovia Securities: Yes. 
Tunc Doluca: Yeah. So, we will get back to you on that. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Can I just ask a few questions on the CapEx. And before I ask this, can I just ask you to give us an update as to where your arrangement with Seiko Epson now? Are you now shipping with the customers from Seiko or? And also if I can get more clarity as to what really happened with the CapEx this last quarter that was ended? And do you think the reason why it should have come down a little bit more into 2008, just thinking about it little bit longer. I mean, still it had CapEx sales ratio, it sounds like was 10%. Is there any target as to how you want to think about CapEx sales ratio in longer-term basis? 
Vijay Ullal: This is Vijay. Let me answer the first part of your question. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Sure. 
Vijay Ullal: The first process, first technology that we transferred into Seiko Epson is qualified in shipping to customers. Tunc, do you want to answer the question on CapEx? 
Tunc Doluca: So, in terms of CapEx, I heard multiple questions there, but 
Uche Orji - UBS: Yeah. 
Tunc Doluca: One of them was the number that in Q4 was really driven mostly by fab. So, we had the Irving fab that we paid for, and also some equipment that we had ordered in previous quarters that we received and paid for. So that's largest portion of CapEx in Q4.  Going forward in Q1, the CapEx in fabs is very small, but we are embarking on some projects namely the ERP project that we mentioned. And we also have an upgrade plan or spending on our electronic design automation tools. So, there is lot of software spend. And also, end of the line, we need some test equipment to expand our production levels in offshore tests. And you also asked about the entire year spending, correct? 
Uche Orji - UBS: Yes, you are right. Is there any target to CapEx sales ratio if that's how you manage your business? And then just give us an idea of how to think about CapEx on a longer-term basis? 
Tunc Doluca: The model has worked for us in the past, is CapEx that's somewhere around 10 to 12%. Its fluctuated year-over-year because of how demand change, then how we've to respond to capacity requirements from customers. So next year, we said that we spend somewhere between $200 and $250 million, which is about 8% or 9%, to what is that 12 or 13, which is about maybe a 11%, from 9% to 11% range. So it's lower than our average in the past. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from [John Wright] from Consumer Equity. 
John Wright - Consumer Equity: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. With a long-term capital plan complete what's the new working capital required to run the company with the reduced CapEx revenue growth strong margins in the $1.3 billion in cash? And then how quickly can you initiate the buyback once the restatements finalized? 
Tunc Doluca: Well, in terms of making any significant changes to our capitalization that really need to wait until after the restatement is completed. And in the meantime, we've really had been very aware and looking at all the models that are being used by some of our peers. However as I said, we can't really take any action until the restatement. So in the meantime, we are discussing with the board in the coming months, what the right capital structure for the company is going to be. 
John Wright - Consumer Equity: And then as a follow-up, could you comment on the discontinued business this quarter. If it was stable or down and how we should see that going forward? 
Tunc Doluca: With discontinued 
John Wright - Consumer Equity: [ATD], that got off of last quarter. You said you're going to continue to produce the product, but what roll off over the period of time. I just want know that was still material part of your growth in the quarter and we should see that going forward. 
Tunc Doluca: It really, first of all it was pretty insignificant. It was about $4 million or so. And that's the older rate in the consumption really hasn't changed. And as I said it's not a significant part of our revenue. 
John Wright - Consumer Equity: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from AmTech Research. 
Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: Hi, guys thanks for taking my question. If I could focus a little bit on the expenses related to the option investigation and after the bonus plan that presently underway, because the options are frozen. Can you discuss what those expenses are? 
Tunc Doluca: Bonus okay, but what was your first question, it was what our expenses because of the restatement? 
Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: Correct, related to the investigation that are ongoing. So I believe the operating income lines are being burden by an expense related to the investigation, auditing expenses above average or above normal. 
Tunc Doluca: I see, so currently on, there is a losses and the restatement process, the some of those we spend last quarter about $11 million. Did I answer your question or. 
Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: Yes, it does absolutely. And then because of your options--- 
Tunc Doluca: Alan wants to clarify something. 
Alan Hale: I just want to clarify that the amount that Tunc, just mentioned is not included in the operating expense guidance that we disclosed earlier in the call. We treat these as non-recurring items and once we have our restatement accomplished, you will see those amounts as non-recurring items. What we've been focused on is discussing not the pro forma numbers excluding stock based comp, and excluding nonrecurring items. I wanted to clarify that 
Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: Thanks for clarifying that. That's right. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from Craig Ellis from Citigroup. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Alan, I am not feel you can comment on this but the outlook for the restatement wrap up in a three to six month period is it a pretty wide window. Can you give us any color on what might lead to a conclusion either at the near or far end of that timeframe? 
Alan Hale: Well, fortunately we're not excerpts at restating financial statements. And as I've gotten into it and as we've studied the requirements of documentation and analysis that the auditors need to signup on our restatement, that's a bigger project than we had originally estimated. So, we've learned a lot about what restatement requires. But we still don't know all of the variables. And I've learned new ones as we progress. So, that's why we've indicated a range of completion date because we don't know yet what we don't know, and that's why we've to give a range of possible completion date. 
Craig Ellis - Citigroup: Because it's reasonable that things that the expense intensity would be similar to what you saw last quarter through the duration of the restatement, excuse me? 
Alan Hale: Yeah. I think that's a reasonable assumption. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question is a follow-up question from Uche Orji from UBS. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Can I just ask about the there have been discussions about your Analyst Day, and should we assume that is of course obviously push that also with the restatement not yet being completed, is there any new dates in you timeframe when this will be set? 
Tunc Doluca: Well, your assumption is correct. We do have to push it out, and I'm going to wait some more to see how the restatement is going before you really set a date instead of setting other date and push it out again. So, soon after the restatement is complete, we will have an Analyst Day. 
Uche Orji - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: Alan, I just wanted to clarify your OpEx guidance for your fiscal first quarter, are you saying it will grow sequentially in line or slightly slower than revenues that impact your revenues are declining. Are you suggesting that the apples-to-apples growth on a 13 week basis will be similar, but if so than what base do we assume for Q4 for OpEx? 
Tunc Doluca: Okay. You're right. On the apples-to-apples comparison that's the context of our guidance. So, you must use a 13 week equivalent for Q4 and extrapolating what Q1 operating expense level will be when we are offering this guidance. 
Alan Hale: Sumit, essentially what I said was that the change in below the line spending will be the percent of change will be about the same, as the percentage change in revenue. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: So, if you have a dollar number for Q4 OpEx, and we divide that by 14 and multiplied by 13 that gives us the right base to work with and then grow that sequentially? 
Tunc Doluca: That's correct. 
Sumit Dhanda - Banc of America Securities: And second question on the CapEx, its coming down substantially into this fiscal year. Is there anything you could guide us to in terms of, reduced capital intensity if and when it will have any kind of impact on your future gross margins? 
Tunc Doluca: No, it's too early to be able to predict that for. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Doug Freedman from AmTech Research. 
Doug Freedman - AmTech Research: Tunc, if you could, I think in the past we've heard long-term operating plan that of Maxim and they were rather I guess I just used the word aggressive much a word of good words uses. When Jack was running the company, how should we think about your operating plan and how it differs, I mean in the past we've heard some great huge numbers of growth opportunities out there? It sounds like this plan is a lot more manageable. Can you just give us your input on how it's changed in since you've taken over? 
Tunc Doluca: Well, we've still continue to be a very aggressive company. I want to make sure that everybody understands that. But we've also realized that we have grown to be a fairly large company and at this point I given the direction to the [BU] executives to give me a plan that very confident that they can achieve. And that's what they provided to me and that's the basis of this new growth plan that we put in place.  And essentially I also want to clarify something from before, I want to clarify that our long-term goal is to grow our earnings per share inline with our revenue growth. So when I said we are going to trade in specific business unit, when they have to trade margin versus growth. Overall the company wants to grow earnings per share inline with its revenue. So we want to fairly stable gross margin model. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up David Wu from Global Crown Capital 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: May be Vijay should answer this question. As I look at the company's capital facilities you have a pretty much San Antonio plant has improved yet, right? I assume that still got capacity for ramp up and you got an Irving facility, which is not being equipped. Can you talk about Seiko Epson, what percentage do you think its going to be of your total production capacity utilized capacity rather in next fiscal year in long-term. How much of your production will be in-house versus a kind of a partnership range like the Seiko Epson type. 
Vijay Ullal: Okay. So I think the first question was on San Antonio's. San Antonio is almost completely full. Okay, so it's about 90% full about 90% utilized. As far as Epson is concerned the utilization is very low percentage of what we have available to us as capacity, if we choose to use it. So it's about 10, we actually making use right enough mainly only about 10% of the total available capacity in Epson. What is the other question? Please help me. 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: What percent I think David ask, what percentage would be done in outside fab? 
Alan Hale: Longer term 
David Wu - Global Crown Capital: In the future, long-term. 
Vijay Ullal: Yeah. I mean, I think it's reasonable to assume that somewhere between 25% to 30% of our fab capacity over the next three or five years will go to outside locations mainly because we don't really want to be in the business of doing deep submicron wafer fabrication, and this is not our thing. I mean we will continue to do the high performance mixed signal and analog processes that we are expert at we will continue to do those. But as our product mix switches to 0.18 or 0.130 smaller we will definitely realize ourselves the cheapest manufacturing capacity in the word, and that is necessarily going to be within inside Maxim. So, the number looking out is probably about 25% to 30%. 
Tunc Doluca: No. That's a pretty long term number. 
Vijay Ullal: Yeah. 
Tunc Doluca: But we're not talking about next two years. 
Vijay Ullal: Five years. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs. 
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you for taking my follow-up as well. I just wanted to ask you a question on the Santa Rose transition. Can you comment on if you see your market share in dollar content is increasing or decreasing in that transition and just overall how meaningful is it to your margins or sales? 
Tunc Doluca: Well, I really do not want to talk about how our market share is changing. But I do want to mention that the notebook market is not, I would not counted as a high margin market for Maxim especially in the motherboard power area. 
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: And is that changing moving from one platform to the other. In other words is the new platform offering better margin, and more interesting opportunities or is the long-term sense still one of lower margin opportunities in that market. 
Tunc Doluca: Really in the product lines that I have seen in that particular market, we are not observing a big drive for innovation or a differentiation on the power management products. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And final question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. 
Uche Orji - UBS: My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Paresh Maniar: Thank you, operator. This concludes our conference call for Q4 of '07. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-02-07 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations   Tunc Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer   Pirooz Pavarandeh, Group President   Alan Hale, Interim Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers   Parag Agarwal, Jefferies & Company   David Wu, Global Crown Capital   William Lewis, JP Morgan   Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse   Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities   Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley   Craig Ellis, Citigroup   Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs   Ivan[?], Piper Jaffray   Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities   Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair and Co.   Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank   Doug Freedman, AmTech Research   Steve Smigie, Raymond James 
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Good day and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Q2 2007 earnings release conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions I will turn the call over to Mr. Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead. 
Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, operator, and welcome to our fiscal Q2 2007 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Tunc Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer, Pirooz Pavarandeh, Group President, and Alan Hale, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Our other Group President, Vijay Ullal, is out of the country on business and unable to participate in this call.  There are two administrative items that I want to address before we cover our results. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call. In light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I must remind you that statements which we make about the future, including our intentions, expectations or predictions of the future, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiencies or capacity, projected end market consumption of our products, and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements.  If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the companys actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business are contained in the companys SEC filings on Form 10-K for the year ending June 25, 2005. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC.  Second, in keeping with the SECs fair disclosure requirements, we are making time available for a question and answer period at the end of todays call. This will be your opportunity to question company management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time.  I want to remind you of our recent announcement that the special committee of the Board just completed its review of certain past stock option grants and our historical stock option granting practices. As a result, we just began the process of restating our financial statements and expect to record non-cash stock-based compensation charges on financial statements from FY 2000 to 2005 and the related interim period through March 25, 2006.  At this time, we do not know the amount of such charges in the aggregate, nor for any particular period. We will not speculate on that amount during this call. Due to the pending restatement, we cannot provide detailed GAAP or non-GAAP financials for the quarter ending December 23, 2006. Therefore on this call we will not provide any specifics about our gross margin, operating margin, operating expenses, inventory or other items that might be affected by stock-based compensation adjustments. All numbers for Q2 FY 2007 discussed on this call are not final and should be considered estimates only.  We are assembling the data needed for the restatement process and the team here is gearing up and starting to work hard to complete the restatement as soon as possible. There is a substantial amount of work to be done. Remember we are looking at over 24 quarters of data from time periods up to seven years ago. We need to determine not only what the stock-based accounting charges should be, but also how those charges impact cost of goods sold, inventory, R&D, SG&A, taxes and many other income statement and balance sheet items.  While we cannot change the past, we are focusing on going forward. We will complete the restatement as soon as possible, get our financial statements on file with the SEC and improve the company's stock option granting practice. Because of legal constraints, we will not make any additional comments on this issue, either during the prepared remarks or in the Q&A portion of this conference call.  I will now turn the call over to Alan Hale, our interim CFO. 
Alan Hale, Interim CFO: Thank you, Paresh. Within the constraints that Paresh just discussed, I will describe several elements of our fiscal Q2 2007 results and the ending financial position which we hope you'll find useful and informative. Net revenues for Q2 were $497 million, down 1.1% from Q1 and up 11.6% from the same quarter last year. Gross turns orders during fiscal Q2 2007 were $222 million, of which $132 million was shipped for revenues within the quarter. For comparison purposes, turns orders for Q1 FY 2007 were $233 million, of which $138 million was shipped for revenues within Q1.  Similar to other companies in the semiconductor industry, Maxim also experienced a softening of orders from certain end markets, but in our case this softness was largely offset by gains in high volume end markets led by larger than anticipated turns orders in the computing market. As we've noted in previous conference calls, these high volume markets, such as notebook PCs, provide lower gross margins than our more traditional end markets. Consequently our sales mix shifted in Q2 toward lower gross margin products, resulting in an approximate 1.3 percentage point sequential decline in gross margin. I say 'approximate 1.3 percentage point' because of the pending restatement.  In addition, on a sequential basis, Q2 2007 gross margins were further impacted by approximately two percentage points due to incremental inventory reserve actions. The majority of this margin decline relates to a write-off of leaded inventory. In addition, Maxim's inventory accounting policies generally require products not expected to ship within the next 12 months to be reserved. The recent semiconductor industry sales slow down prompted our business units to scale back their forecasts, which pushed out the expected sale dates of certain products to beyond 12 months. This scheduling in turn drove the need for incremental inventory reserve actions taken during the quarter.  Let me now turn to operating expenses. We estimate that excluding stock-based compensation, below the line spending increased by 2.5%. In other words they were 2.5% higher than the previous quarter. As a result of Maxim's continued hiring of valuable engineering talent, we expect the addition of this talent to positively impact revenue two to three years down the road.  I will now highlight a few items on our balance sheet. In the quarter, cash, cash equivalents and short term investments decreased $78 million to $1.3 billion after the company paid out $50 million in dividends, $99 million for property, plant and equipment and $116 million for income tax payments. Due to the then-ongoing enquiry into our stock option grant practices, there was no stock buy back during the quarter. Accounts receivable decreased $15 million during the quarter to $277 million. Our DSOs decreased slightly from 53 days at the end of fiscal Q1 2007 to 52 days at the end of fiscal Q2 2007.  Bookings and backlog: during fiscal Q2, our 12-month backlog declined to $403 million at the end of Q2. That compares to $415 million at the end of fiscal Q1. Our beginning 90-day backlog for Q3 is $343 million compared to the beginning 90-day backlog for Q2 of $365 million. During the quarter, we recorded $500 million in gross bookings, a 1% decline from the $507 million level of the previous quarter. Those bookings are expected to generate $477 million in future net revenue. Based on the Q3 beginning backlog and the turns orders received so far this quarter, we project Q3 revenues to be down from 3% to down 6% from the revenues we recorded in Q2 FY 2007.  I will now turn the call over to Tunc, who will provide additional highlights. 
Tunc Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer : Good afternoon, everybody. First I'd like to speak about our markets, and this format will be a little bit different from our previous conference calls. As you know, Maxim continues to be well diversified amongst the computing, high-end consumer, industrial and communications markets, roughly a quarter each. Our business is divided roughly equally among these markets, except for small changes we might see QoverQ.  Let me give you some color on each one of these markets. The computing market consists of personal computers, servers, peripherals, storage and financial terminals. In this market, as Alan previously mentioned, we have increased our bookings in Q2 compared to Q1. That specifically came in the notebook market. The high-end consumer bookings in Q2 were down from Q1, mainly due to high seasonal heavy ordering patterns that occurred back in fiscal Q1. This market consists of handsets, smart phones, digital televisions, digital cameras etc, all types of equipment that you're all familiar with.  We see this market as a major growth driver for us in the future. The industrial market is highly diverse, consisting of conventional industrial and medical devices, automatic test equipment, instrumentation, automotive and military products. Our bookings in Q2 were basically flat from Q1, but we know that the industrial market provides good revenue and profit stability due to the products' long lives. Q2 communications bookings were also basically flat from Q1. Networking, telecommunications, and base stations are our primary end markets in this group.  I would like to reiterate my commitment to the five long-term strategies that we first presented at our analyst day in May 2006. We reaffirmed those strategies during our last conference call. Specifically, these were first, to focus on defining and pursuing high value-added large markets; second, to partner with major electronic manufacturers; third, to strengthen our core technical competencies; fourth, to maintain end market diversity and fifth to attract and retain talented employees.  The first two strategies, to define and pursue high value added large markets and to partner with major electronic manufacturers are already bearing fruit. During the cyclical upturn of 2005/2006, we believe that our revenues grew at a faster rate than the companies with whom we have most closely identified. Thus far in the current cyclical downturn as Maxim's sequential revenue during the past quarter and our guidance for the current quarter show, we are performing relatively well.  I would now like to highlight five major near-term initiatives that I will be driving at Maxim. Not surprisingly, the first initiative is continued focus on gross margins. Our business units are being closely monitored to ensure that they quickly address the measures that we detailed to you during our previous conference call. These measures are working through the system and as you remember, some had long-term impact and some had short-term impact but we must be cautious to ensure that we do not damage any key customer relationships. This is very important for us.  Rest assured that gross margins are now watched not only by the business unit executives, but awareness has diffused throughout all rank and file employees. At this point we believe that our gross margins will begin to stabilize in Q3, excluding the effects of stock-based compensation. My second initiative is to improve our on time delivery performance. As part of this initiative, in 2007 we will take the steps necessary to reduce the time between the start of a wafer lot to product shipment, which is also known as manufacturing cycle time, by approximately three weeks. This change will enable us to manage inventory better and this is an issue of which I am very conscious.  Improving our on time delivery performance will also be more responsive to customers and we all know how that translates into more business for the company. Obviously we will be vigilant with capital spending and keep spending at historical levels. We will also be opportunistic in slow times to invest in our future.  The agreement that we announced today with Epson is a part of this initiative. Not only will it give us access to state of the art processing technology, but it will give us diverse capacity that we may need to support customers in high volume markets. The third initiative, we intend to foster improved collaboration amongst our business units. Instead of operating as independent entities as occurred in the past, our business units will be strongly encouraged to exploit synergies in product development and in marketing to maximize Maxim's penetration of our target markets. We are reviewing realigning the business unit product lines if necessary to optimize these synergies.  Fourth, we will be enhancing how we measure and evaluate our business unit executives. We will hold them even more accountable for the financial outcome of their businesses. We will give larger weight to the growth and profit contribution by each business unit and we'll be setting growth and operating margin goals tailored to each business unit's technologies and target end markets. Our focus will be to ensure that our revenue growth does indeed translate to corresponding earnings growth. At times of cyclical down turns like the one we are going through now, we will control non-essential spending but opportunistically add head count in critical engineering areas to invest in our future.  Fifth, we are beginning a review of our sales and distribution strategy to further support customers of all sizes. By achieving these five initiatives, we will be even more successful at seizing the growth opportunities that we see in the market place for high performance, mixed signal analog products, the core of our business. This demand for mixed signal products is stated loudly and clearly from our key customers, with whom we have established high level relationships. We are, in fact, one of the few companies that can provide such high performance products in the market.  On a final note, over the last several weeks many of you asked about our employees. This came from shareholders and analysts as well. I am proud to note that our people are standing very tall. Many have voiced their commitment to the company's focus and to management. I have spoken to countless employees myself and also heard it through their managers. They are all rising to opportunities before us. They are highly valued as an essential part of a successful and dynamic company. They remain proud and excited to help make unique products that enable the technological revolution that we see all around us today. I intend to build upon this renewed human energy as we move the company forward.  I would now like to have Pirooz join our discussion. He will provide an insight into design win activity and the key products that we introduced during Q2. 
Pirooz Pavarandeh, Group President: Thank you, Tunc. Within the business unit, we went around and compiled information that we thought was very relevant. You know, that was of significance. Things of the nature of design wins, new product introductions, industry awards and recognition by our customers as a preferred vendor and we came up with over 60 different items we though it would be noteworthy to talk about. Of course we don't have the time to talk about all of them, so we're going to summarize these very briefly.  In the ATE market, we've had design wins at a very significant ATE vendor, a tier one vendor, which translates into tens of millions of dollars of lifetime revenue for that particular product. It's an electronics chipset for memory testers and Maxim is uniquely positioned in this market because there are not many people who can participate in this market actively. We beat out our major competitors for this socket and our product really provides the lowest power and highest density, which is important for these next generation automatic test equipment products.  What enabled us to do that was a combination of a proprietary process technology that we have, which is optimized for these applications, and also the fact that we have a very rich portfolio of IT in this area. This is something that not many companies have with these capabilities. Another market area in the automotive area, we have achieved preferred and essential supplier status at two tier one automotive customers. This is clearly a signal and a recognition of Maxim's importance in this market. Achieving such a status clearly gives us new opportunities and I think our automotive customers are recognizing the value that Maxim has to offer.  As we have talked in the past, this market offers us several billion dollars of served available market opportunities. We've had significant design wins in different parts of the car and in different product areas such as infotainment, steering control, digital communications throughout the vehicle, battery backup systems in hybrid vehicles and so on. Again it's a very broad area of applications that we have had design wins in. 
Tunc Doluca, Group President: After Pirooz I'll come back again and talk a little about base stations and cell phones. In the base station area, we continue to have major design wins in tier one accounts. In this area we've got two product lines that have been very successful. We make RF products for the front end and also data converter products that go in the data conversion portion of the signal. In the RF end we've got a state of the art by CMOS silicon [germane?] technology which enables us to make products that really enhance the performance of a base station and provide it at a lower cost. This proprietariness gives us a lot of ability to win designs at major customers.  In the data converter area we've had design wins and WiMAX base stations as well as 3G base stations. It's another area that we're establishing our presence. In cell phones, we continue to win designs in power management ICs as well as for fuel gauging. We introduced some new products. As you know, we're one of the few vendors that provides highly integrated ICs as well as some high performance building blocks for cell phones and we've won designs at major customers in Japan, Korea, the U.S. and Europe, so pretty much globally.  Many of these phones are phones that are well advertised, you can see them on TVs and in magazines, and many of them contain Maxim products. On other functions, we've been very successful with our mobile TV tuners. They provide far better sensitivity than our competitors'. This allows the end products made to have better coverage. We provide products in the smallest package technology available, wafer level packaging and achieved over 50% market share in Japan, which is in most cases where many of these new high-tech gadgets initiate their run over the world.  As also have increased other audio function penetration in cell phones and audio sub systems. We're able to make products that drive more efficiently like very thin speakers that enable thinner phones and we also have design wins in major Korean cell phone makers and one in the U.S. for an audio sub system which we'll be ramping very soon. In the high-end consumer area in cameras, our success also continues. Not only in the power management area, but we've introduced a new battery fuel gauging product that provides a lower cost point, so the penetration of fuel gauging we expect to increase in cameras. We also introduced a new generation of power management ICs that are smaller than the ones that have been highly successful in the past. We believe that will continue as a success. We also introduced some very small video filters that we'll be able to shrink the size of the cameras even further. 
Pirooz Pavarandeh: I'll talk about two other areas. In LCD panels we've had significant design wins. Specifically we've had design wins with a new generation of smart gamma buffers. This has allowed us to increase our market share in that market segment. These products really allow these LCD panels to have improved image quality in the form of sharpness and contract. We have a significant technical contribution to make there. In addition to that on the same LCD panels, we have highly integrated power management ICs that are very cost effective and that are very well tailored and suited for monitor applications that are larger than 19 inches across.  In the video area we've introduced a new generation of amplifiers which we call direct drive video amplifiers. This is a patented technology. These products are the first of their kind to work at very low voltages, as low as 1.8 volts. They have the lowest power in the industry. They allow our customers to eliminate bulky external components which not only saves them cost but also enables them to have thinner, portable devices like cameras, multi media phones and personal media players.  In the video area, we've also had design wins for video filters for set top boxes and this is quite a family of different products that have achieved this kind of market penetration. We've won in leading set top box makers across the world, in China, U.S., Korea and Europe. 
Tunc Doluca: Briefly, I'd like to say a few words about some of our security products that also have been very well received. A product we made for point of sale customers, for example, received product of the year award from Electronic Products, essentially because it eliminates over 40 external components. So it'll be a very successful product for us. We also continued to grow our portfolio and design wins as well in the authentication products we make for consumables and printers. That's an area that's going to be a good growth area for us, mainly because we have a proprietary interface standard that makes those products very valuable to our customers.  Paresh? 
Paresh Maniar: Operator, this is the end of our prepared remarks. Could you please ask for questions? 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Operator:
Operator instructions.:
Q - Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers: Thanks. First just a clarification on gross margins. Alan, you were saying that there was a 1.3% impact to gross margins from mix and then another 2% from an inventory write down, so total gross margins were down 3-3.5%. Is that correct? 
A - Alan Hale: That's correct. 
Q - Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers: Then Tunc, your comment about gross margins stabilizing in fiscal Q3, are you referring - I guess the way to say this is gross margins stabilizing for next cycle? Or are you also thinking this is a number you can hold if you scale the business to $3 billion? 
A - Tunc Doluca: I think we talked about all the measures that we put in place last time. Obviously some of those measures have short-term effects and some of them can only have effects in the long term. I think we're going to be stabilizing our margins in the short term now. It's very difficult for me to see what's going to happen in the quarter behind that, but in the long term, we can get to the $3 billion level with a plan to have our margins in the low 60s, and that's our target. 
Q - Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers: Last question, you guys gave us some great color on - is that on some of these high volume markets - are there any particular high runners to think about within these different segments for the second half of the year? 
A - Tunc Doluca: When you're asking about high runners, are you talking about markets or functions? 
Q - Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers: Product lines within a particular business or specific applications that you think will drive up that average growth for the second half of the year, or say end of the next up cycle? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Okay. Well I think in terms of markets, as I said in the prepared remarks before, we do expect the high-end consumer market to be a big growth driver for us in the long term. I think all of us are pretty familiar with that market. It's high-end cell phones, digital cameras, digital television, all of these markets. Into these markets, Maxim actually provides a lot of different functions so it's difficult for me to pin it down on one or two but we have highly integrated products for power management, we have similarly for audio, we have many products for video, so in all of these different mixed signal products we're going to see a lot of growth for Maxim into the future in those markets that I just talked about. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Parag Agarwal, Jefferies & Company. 
Q - Parag Agarwal, Jefferies & Company : Could you comment on the distribution inventories out there? 
A - Alan Hale: The data suggests that distribution inventories are exactly in line with demand and turn approximately seven times a year which is unchanged for many quarters at Maxim. 
Q - Parag Agarwal, Jefferies & Company : Many of your competitors have been saying that the March quarter should be the quarter. Do you also feel the same, or is yours a bit different from theirs? 
A - Tunc Doluca: It's difficult for us to exactly predict that, but if we look at what our business units are forecasting for the future, they're forecasting growth beginning in Q4, but as I said that's just the forecast from the business units and it's really difficult for us to pinpoint. 
Q - Parag Agarwal, Jefferies & Company : Do you see the lead times expanding or are they the same? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of lead times, are you talking about the lead times customers are giving us, or what we're giving them? 
Q - Parag Agarwal, Jefferies & Company : What customers are giving you - or, actually if you could give me both the numbers? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of the lead times that we're getting from our customers, they actually expanded slightly in Q2 and by about four or five days or so. In terms of the lead time we gave our customers, they actually went up in Q2, mainly because there was a lot of unforecasted demand coming from the computing market, but all indications are that our lead times will be coming down in Q3. 
Operator: Your next question is from David Wu, Global Crown Capital. 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: The question, I have a clarification, Alan, when Tunc said about the gross margins stabilizing, does he mean before or after the inventory write down that we went through in Q2? Secondly, on this Seiko Epson deal, this is a fairly large, according to the press release I saw this morning, a fairly large percentage of a fab in Japan that you're using. Where are you using it specifically for and what is the implication for gross margins now that you're using flex foundry capacity for these high end consumer products and also notebooks? Lastly on the question of employee retention I was just wondering were you changing your compensation for these people to be less reliant on stock options, which was hot a decade ago but not very hot these days, to a heavier cash component for the incentive comp? 
A - Alan Hale: The comment regarding stabilizing gross margins in the next quarter refers to after the inventory reserves. 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: Do you expect the kind of inventory reserves that you've been booking Q1 and Q2 to continue to Q3? 
A - Alan Hale: The exact number of dollars that gross margins are impacted by inventory reserve actions is not determinable until the end of the quarter. Inventory reserves are a function of demand and on hand inventory. They are matched and the first 12 months of on-hand inventory is deemed saleable. That is Maxim's accounting policy. Generally anything beyond that is reserved. I would not expect inventory reserves to be as high as they were in Q2 FY 2007, given their relatively large size in Q2 2007. 
A - Tunc Doluca: Alan is not expecting it and we're not expecting it as a company to be as large as this quarter. But there's also some unknown factor which has to do with how the chip demand forecast changes by the business units. David, your second question was on Epson and I didn't write it down, so now I've forgotten it. 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: The Epson, according to the Seiko Epson release, they have an 8-inch fab up north in Japan and about 10% of that fab output is dedicated to Maxim for the next business year. I was wondering what is this flex capacity used for and what does it mean therefore in Maxim's gross margins, now that you're going to use more of these fabs for assume these high volume consumer or notebook-related businesses? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of the Epson fab, we will be putting our newer technology there to start with, so your comment that it will be processes that are geared towards high integration, that's correct. When we looked at the effects on gross margin, it really will not be noticeable. It will not really have an effect. This flex model will not really have a big effect, especially in that agreement we made to our gross margins going forward. 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: What about employees - are you changing your comp to be more cash and less stock options moving forward? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In the past two years, we have already made some adjustments in our comp structure. In terms of stock options, we still value that as a great way to reward employees and we're currently in the process of looking as to how exactly to structure that. I won't be able to give you an answer today, but stock options are something the company continues to be committed to providing to its employees. 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: You have a total turnover ratio that you measure. One hears these days, I guess, that the turnover - that there are analog companies around your neighborhood or elsewhere that are getting Maxim employees they could not have gotten several years ago. I wonder whether in terms of turnover, what metrics are you seeing today versus what it was three years ago? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of our turnover rate, if you were to compare it to three or four years ago I would say that it's higher. But it's still not significant for the company. It's not something that - of course we would like it to be zero, but we have to live with reality and I know that even though we do have a turnover rate, we are able to increase our engineering headcount QoverQ. We're doing fine. Of course, when our competitors are talking about getting employees from Maxim, they're comparing to a time when our turnover rate was almost zero, so any number that's bigger than zero is going to look like something significant, but it really is not for us. 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: Is it in the 3-5% range? 
A - Tunc Doluca: No, it's much lower than that. It's probably 1-2%. 
Operator: Our next question is from William Lewis, JP Morgan. 
Q - William Lewis, JP Morgan: Tunc, could you talk about - you introduced the notion on the last call about these complex products. Can you give us an update on what percent of the business represents these complex products? You also talked about maybe taking a new approach to pricing, the new pricing strategy. Can you maybe talk about some actions you took in the quarter and what the reaction has been with your customers? 
A - Tunc Doluca: The first part of your question, you asked what percentage of the business is highly complex products. First of all, it's not something that we drive and measure every quarter. It happens because the customers are asking for it to happen. Last year's number was about 18% and this year's number will eventually probably be higher than that, but I don't know exactly what it's going to be. I believe we predicted it to be about 25 if I remember right from the analyst meeting. We're probably going to be somewhere between 18 and 25 this year. Your second question was? 
Q - William Lewis, JP Morgan: Really around pricing. Some of the lessons you learned from the early stages in these higher volume markets - you talk about maybe taking a different approach to pricing, what steps you've taken and how the reaction has been. 
A - Tunc Doluca: The reaction has been pretty much what we expected when we talked last time. I think in the prepared remarks, we said that we were concerned about customer relationships so we have been very cautious in doing this. We've done it in cases where we know it's not going to hurt our future relationships. Most of the pricing effects that we spoke about were really for new design wins that we were trying to get. It is really difficult to do price increases once you're in the socket and have won the design. I'm sure you would hear that from many of our competitors as well. We've been very cautious. Obviously if we could do it on existing designs, we tried to do it. I would say that the measure we put in place was really for future design wins. 
Q - William Lewis, JP Morgan: A second question if I could on your expenses. You said opex was up 2.5% this quarter, kind of a flat environment on increased hiring - can you talk about what the outlook is for expenses from here given the downturn, what your appetite is for continuing to hire at these levels over the next couple of quarters? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Our current - what we're doing right now is obviously we need to control our below the line spending and we put in some measures to do that like controlling travel expenses, expenses on advertising and so on, but in terms of hiring we want to continue to be hiring opportunistically, especially in the engineering areas. So I expect in terms of head count just to continue to add engineers to the company in Q3 and Q4. That obviously is investment that we're making in the future and it would be short sighted for me to go and cut that completely just because we've seen a few flat quarters of revenue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Masdea from Credit Suisse. 
Q - Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: Alan, could you give us an idea of the trend on inventory and if you could also going forward what you expect to do with inventory or turns? 
A - Alan Hale: First of all, for Q2, inventories were essentially flat after the inventory reserve actions were taken. This is without stock-based compensation. The next quarter, we will build inventory in an effort to stage the product for when demand rebounds. We need to improve the way our inventory matches our unforecasted demand and this is a way to do it. It's an opportunity to get ahead and we will be doing that during the upcoming quarter. 
A - Tunc Doluca: Essentially it's very similar or almost exactly the same as we've done in the past. We take these periods where the demand slows down and in those periods we build the banks so that the next time we have an upturn like we had in 2005/2006, we can make sure that we're ready for our customers. 
Q - Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: That makes sense. I guess I was a little surprised to hear that customers are expanding their lead times on you a little bit if I heard that correctly. Can you just give us a little more color around why you think that is, especially in a lower order environment, why you think they'd be doing that? 
A - Tunc Doluca: First of all, the change is really not that significant in my mind. It didn't change by weeks, it only changed by three or four days. Essentially, to me, it indicates that they have more confidence in their being able to build and ship their product. 
Q - Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: This is the last question. Your discussion on those five points in the near term you're going to be working on, one of which was around the manufacturing cycle time. Is the ultimate goal here to try to keep stability in those lead times that you have for your customers and keep them fairly short, or tell us what the ultimate goal with the lead time management is? 
A - Tunc Doluca: It's really - the program we're instituting is really a reduction of cycle times. That will have some effect on lead times we quote to customers, but our real goal is to get our cycle times shorter and that's going to enable us to better control our inventory. More importantly, especially in these more dynamic markets, the high growth markets, enable us to respond to our customers' needs more quickly. That's the objective of that initiative. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: I had a couple of questions. I wanted to touch back on the gross margins. Alan, it wasn't clear to me that the gross margin outlook for Q3, whether that is flat ex the reserves or after including the reserves, because you indicated a lack of clarity on exactly what the reserve profile would look like. 
A - Alan Hale: The expectation for Q3 gross margins is that it will be no worse than what they were in Q2 and Q2 includes the inventory reserve action. 
A - Tunc Doluca: I think that even without the inventory reserves, if you take that out completely we're talking about flat. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: So then is the implication - so there's no further deterioration in mix? I guess that's the first question I'd ask. Then the second question, are you not seeing any benefits which I think have been alluded to previously from improved efficiency at your San Antonio fabs? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Can you ask that again? 
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: Right, so the first question is the implication here is no further deterioration in margins from mix? And I guess as a follow up, you previously indicated about a couple of quarters ago that you're not seeing the kinds of efficiencies you'd like to see from your San Antonio facility and that would start to manifest itself as a benefit to gross margins in out quarters. My question is, are you seeing that or are you not, and if not, why not? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of the efficiencies out of San Antonio, we are beginning to see those but it's very gradual. If you look at all the things that are changing all at once, it's very difficult to quantify that in these numbers we're giving. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: Let me just ask a 10,000 foot level question as it relates to your operating model. When the change was initially instigated under Jack's watch, the idea was you would control below the line spending even while your gross margins took a hit as your mix moved to a higher volume, lower margin product and that will help stabilize operating margins. If I look from the peak, the decline in gross margins has been mirrored by the decline in your operating margins. How should we really think about number one your target model in the first place, from an operating perspective, and you know, is that just basically going to fluctuate now with your gross margins and your top line growth trajectory? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of our future, I already gave guidance on what our targets are for our gross margins in the long term. I think in general, our below the line spending will not grow as fast as our revenue. We do want a model in which we have profit and earnings growth and that's our goal. I think what was communicated before, we were achieving and we've come to a pause now in the cycle but once we're out of the cycle, we will be able to continue with what Jack articulated in the past. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: I guess my question is it doesn't seem to have played out that way so far, so as the new CEO do you have - not a gross margin target, but an operating margin target in mind? A normalized operating margin for the company if you will? 
A - Tunc Doluca: I do have some numbers in mind, but why don't we discuss that on the next conference call? 
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: Let me just ask one final question. You indicated that notebook demand really helped sales and offset some of the weakness in other areas. In terms of your design wins, are they concentrated more on Intel-based platforms, AMD-based platforms? Could you quantify that? 
A - Tunc Doluca: We have the design wins on both platforms. In terms of AMD, the AMD reference design contains Maxim products so I think we've probably been more successful there, frankly. However, you know the share between Intel and AMD, so I'd say that we've got design wins in both areas, not just one or the other. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley. 
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions. First on the issue of mix, I can understand an unfavorable mix situation in the December quarter, but usually the first half of the calendar year is a much richer mix for your guys with the industrial markets and distribution. You're not talking about seeing it in the march quarter. Is that - I'm just trying to understand what that is telling us. Is it describing more pricing pressure in the non-industrial markets, or is it just a sign of lackluster demand in industrial channels? Any comment? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of bookings, the industrial market bookings in Q2 were relatively flat. Usually we get longer lead times in terms of the industrial market. What we're seeing essentially is that the business levels in Q3 in the industrial market are not really increasing that much. That probably helps explain some of the trends that we're seeing in terms of gross margin predictions for Q3. 
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Your computing bookings are described as being up. That just seems a little bit unusual given the Santa Rose transition is still out there a ways. Was that share gains, do you think, in certain product areas? If so, can you describe which type of products that was for? 
A - Tunc Doluca: That's kind of difficult for me to predict exactly. All I do know and that's what I'll share with you is that in fiscal Q1, most of the customers - especially in the notebook market, were very cautious with the amount of demand they saw. Therefore we did not get a lot of bookings in Q1. In Q2, really a lot of them roared back saying that there was very robust demand for notebook PCs. A lot of the bookings and actually it was a lot of turnable bookings that were booked in Q2 from those customers. If it had come linearly I think it would not have been this high of a bookings level in Q2, but it didn't. Most of it came in Q2 instead of being split into Q1 and Q2. I don't know how to predict whether we got market share gains or not. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis, Citigroup. 
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Tunc, you mentioned the focus on improved delivery times as one of the near-term initiatives. Are there any capex consequences to that and can you just update us on how we should look at the capex outlook? I think we went into the quarter thinking that capex would be less than almost $100 million. Why the up tick in the quarter? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of capex, first of all I want to say that it's an important metric for us. We're very conscious of it and very careful of capex spending. We really have put in place the capacity to really fuel or be able to supply our growth that we expect next year. That's why some of the numbers that you're seeing are somewhat higher than what we had said before. We will continue to be very opportunistic into the future. It turns out that usually times of low market demand are good times for Maxim to acquire either fabs or equipment for fabs. In general, we were really getting ready for a big expansion in demand both in FY 2007 and our business units are forecasting a ship demand for next year that's high so that's why the capex was on the high side for this year. 
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: So as we look at the last three quarters running in high teens, capex to sales, how should we think about the next three to four quarters? 
A - Tunc Doluca: I think in terms of capex going forward in the next couple of quarters they will be in the lower range than what you saw in the past two quarters. 
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: So being kind of half or lower than that, then? 
A - Tunc Doluca: It will be lower. However, as I said, if we do find something opportunistic for us to buy that might change. 
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Secondly, you mentioned three near-term initiatives that related to internal reviews - sales and distribution; business unit alignment; and I think there was one that related to consequences and maybe gross and operating margins. When will those be initiated and when do you expect to include those and when would you expect to realize benefits out of those reviews? 
A - Tunc Doluca: It's probably best to go through them one at a time. In terms of the first one, that one was the gross margin one. I think that's something we're going to have to do continuously. It's really important that we focus on it right now because it's particularly important but I think it's something that's going to be going in perpetuity in terms of watching the profitability of the company. The business units really being on top of it much more than they have been in the last couple of years. One of the other ones you mentioned was the sales. We are going to look at that and if we decide to make any changes, we will make them in the next two quarters so probably by the end of the fiscal year we'll have a plan in place and that strategy really will help us better service our large customers as well as our small customers. That's our purpose, on how to use distribution and direct sales in order to be able to expand our revenues into the future. One other area that I mentioned was this collaboration amongst business units and possibly realigning them. That also is going to occur in the next I would say by the end of this year. More of it happening this quarter and maybe some more to follow in Q4. So I think did I cover all of the ones you asked, or was there another one? 
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: I think you actually hit them all. As a follow up on the sales and distribution, do you envision that one of the possible consequences could be adding to your sales staff? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Adding to our sales staff? That's going to depend. We're looking at that. As you know, we have an internal distribution arm called Maxim/Dallas Direct. That's been pretty effective now but it could become more effective possibly if it had more staff so that's something that we're looking into. 
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Lastly, thanks for all the color thus far, you've outlined today a number of operational objectives but you've got a balance sheet with a very high amount of cash. You generate significant free cash flow quarterly. Can you just set forth your thinking on how you would use your free cash flow, either with share buyback or potential acquisitions - how can you use that to help deliver shareholder value? 
A - Tunc Doluca: That's something we're looking at I think in broad sweeps. The way we were using our cash in the past will most likely continue into the future, so we do want to look again this year at whether we want to increase dividends which we'll probably do. We also want to buy back our stock. Once we're able to do so - as you know, we havent been able to do so for a while. Acquisitions are something that constantly we have people looking at inside the company. Whenever we see something very opportunistic, we go after it but we really don't want to take a lot of risk in that area. We want to make sure that we make considered decisions in any acquisition that we've got. That's probably why we've not seen many acquisitions by Maxim in the past. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs. 
Q - Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: I just wanted to clarify one thing on your gross margin guidance again for next quarter, which sounded like you're guiding for about flat. It seems like within that you might see some benefit from taking a smaller inventory reserve versus what you took last quarter. In addition, you'll be building some inventory which might potentially otherwise help margin. I'm just wondering given these two positive effects, why the gross margin guidance is still about flat. In other words, are there offsetting effects there from either pricing or mix? 
A - Tunc Doluca: I think you kind of summarized things pretty well there. You know, we want to be cautious on predicting what our gross margins are going to be so I think we want to leave it in this approximate range. Operationally I think they're going to be about flat. We're really unable to completely predict what's going to happen within inventory reserves. I think we should just leave it at what we said. 
Q - Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay, but it's just that you're unable to say whether the pricing and/or mix effects are going to stabilize in Q2? As in the calendar of Q2? Q1. 
A - Tunc Doluca: Say that again? 
Q - Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Do you know, stripping away the effects of inventory reserves and the inventory build, just looking at two of the factors that impact margin, one of them being pricing and the other one being mix, would you be able to comment on those two specific factors if they have stabilized now, or do you think those two might still continue to be a negative effect on margins next quarter? 
A - Tunc Doluca: I think it will be relatively flat, as you take out these other effects that you talked about. 
Q - Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay. The second question might be for Alan - you commented on long-term guidance for growth margins in the low sixties - would you be able to give also an opex as a percent of sales long-term guidance? 
A - Tunc Doluca: It wasn't Alan, it was me that said that about our gross margin long-term targets. On opex, you know, we're going to have to work on our company model some more, so in the future we'll give that. 
Q - Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Lastly, on the changes you're going to make in your manufacturing cycle times, can you just give us a few more specifics on exactly what kind of changes you'd be implementing to make that improvement? It sounded like a pretty aggressive goal. I think you might have mentioned three weeks, and I just wanted to understand the different levers you can pull to achieve that. 
A - Tunc Doluca: It's an achievable goal and I have given it to the two people that run manufacturing for me and I'm expecting them to come up with the answers. I'm confident that they will be able to, so right now I'm not going to be able to give you a specific answer as to how they're going to do it. I gave them the goal, they believe they can do it and I'm sure they're going to pull through. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray. 
Q - Ivan[?], Piper Jaffray: This is Ivan calling for Tore. You've got an inventory that's been written down. Is there any possibility it could be used again still later, or even more generally could you please characterize the inventory that you're writing down? 
A - Tunc Doluca: The inventory, you're talking about the write-down in Q2? 
Q - Ivan[?], Piper Jaffray: Yes. 
A - Tunc Doluca: There's always a possibility that it might be sold in the future, but what we're saying is that it's more unlikely than not. That's why we decided to write it off. Actually, that especially holds true for the leaded inventory. The reason I say that is because you know, there's been this move in multiple countries and continents to get lead out of electronic equipment. It actually has caused a lot of problems also for some customers of ours that still want to use leaded because they're not sure about the reliability of the lead-free product. But in general, the customers are moving away from leaded inventory so it's more unlikely for that to be sold, even though the possibility is not zero, mainly because some customers are just not moving from building leaded products. 
Q - Ivan[?], Piper Jaffray: Regarding your comments on gross margins stabilizing, I was wondering if that means - how that plays in with your pursuit of higher volume market. Does that mean you may not be willing to trade off some gross margins for top line of growth? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Are you asking a more long-term question? 
Q - Ivan[?], Piper Jaffray: Yes. 
A - Tunc Doluca: I think in the long term, I continue to believe that the growth of this company is going to come from these high volume markets and it's going to come from making highly integrated products. It's not really just because of something that I came up with, but it's what the customers have been telling us. They're driving us to do this and I firmly believe that the companies that don't have a strategy like this one will not be able to grow revenue and hence grow profit. We will continue to make products that are for these highly integrated and high volume markets but all we're going to do is continue and probably be more selective in taking on business or taking on projects in terms of their profitability. 
A - Pirooz Pavarandeh: This is Pirooz, I could add some comments here. With regard to these highly integrated products, really Maxim is a highly diversified company, not only in terms of our end markets but also in terms of our product lines. I think there is also another axis of diversification that needs to be talked about, which is really the complexity of the products. It's like a risk management activity and with these highly integrated products, as Tunc said, our customers are demanding it from us but internal to the company there are very strong measures to make sure that we are making sane decisions with regard to which projects we're pursuing. If we do pursue a project that is highly integrated that has a high investment in design man months, we are watching it like a hawk to make sure that investment is well managed and the risk of it is well managed. Not only in terms of the execution but also in terms of the gross margin impact. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities. 
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: As you bring up the Seiko Epson, fab, what will be the mix of (inaudible) using the Seiko foundry in terms of your production mix 12-18 months out? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Can you repeat that? I missed the beginning. 
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: I'm trying to get a sense for your production or revenue mix between your internal fab versus the Seiko Epson foundry 12 months from now and the impact on the gross margin. 
A - Tunc Doluca: I see. You know, it's really too early to be able to answer that question but I'll be able to give you an answer in the next conference call. 
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: Okay. Can you give us some outlook as to the mix between the standard high-volume product or the high-volume, highly integrated SoC products versus the more standard linear products 12 months from now? 
A - Tunc Doluca: First of all, the delineation we made was between high integration and building blocks. There wasn't an 'and high volume' in there when we gave those numbers. So in terms of integration, as I said, at 2006 it was about 18%. We expected this year to go higher. I really don't know what the exact numbers are going to end up being this year. I do expect this percentage to go up to about 25% in the near term and even higher when we go up out - over 30% when we go out another year and a half or two years. 
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: Have you talked about growth in operating margins for these two different product types? 
A - Tunc Doluca: No. In the past, we have not talked about it and going into the future I'd rather not separate these out and talk about them either. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair and Co. 
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair and Co.: My question relates to the strategy with the highly integrated products as well. With the things you've just said in the last few minutes and what you said before about where you're really focused with your new initiatives, it's your view that you're kind of going forward with the same aggressiveness towards pursuing these highly integrated products and the issues you've had in the recent past are all about execution and not about whether or not it's just a more difficult business, and you want to balance how much of that you go after - is that fair to say? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Some of that is fair to say but not all of it. One of the comments was that it's - it is a difficult business. It definitely is more difficult for a company to execute - not just Maxim but any other company - because the schedules are typically short. They're very demanding because there is so much engineering content in them. They typically ramp quickly, therefore you have to be ready with your cost reductions and everything. It should be clear to everybody that it's a more difficult business for any company to be able to succeed in. It is a necessity for a company in this business to grow, so we do have to continue to pursue it in addition to having our stability from our building block type products. I think that the company - we've learned many lessons in terms of execution and we've come one step further and each time we learn of a lesson we make sure everybody in the company knows about it. I think in terms of our future, it's an essential part of it, so we will continue on this part to become really good at - or maybe great at - doing these high integration products. 
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair and Co.: It sounds like from what you're saying you don't expect it to be - your targets in terms of how much of the business it will represent looking out a couple or three years have not changed. Do you expect the level of increase to be about what you've talked about historically? 
A - Tunc Doluca: That is correct. 
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair and Co.: My last question on this is competitively, obviously you compete much less with the guys that you've historically been compared to. What can you say about the competitive environment in this area now that you've learned more from that perspective as to who you're competing with and how they've been able to execute relative to you? What's your view of the competitive environment in this category? 
A - Tunc Doluca: It's very difficult to give color. It is competitive. As you said, the competitors are a lot fewer than our previous competitors. I think we do very well in terms of engineering value added and in terms of at least that metric, the customers are seeking our products. We do have some shortcomings in terms of our ability to ramp the product quickly and that's the reason for one of the initiatives I have - being able to reduce our cycle time. That's an integral part of the strategy. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank. 
Q - Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: I just wanted to get into the potential realignment of the business unit. Tunc, if you could just talk about what some of the goals are, if in fact you follow through on that and whether it be on the revenue side or the cost side of the equation? 
A - Tunc Doluca: The reason for the realignment really is to be able to execute more efficiently in terms of the product design. It really has nothing to do with revenue or the cost. But it's really to execute better on product design and be able to present to the customer a Maxim face that represents all types of different products that go into that same piece of equipment. It's really mostly to be able to get our product lines that have similar products either functionally or that have similar products going into specific end equipment - you know, one of those two criteria - to see if we can better align them to be more efficient in product development and in the sales of the product. It's really a view in that direction, it's really not a cost saving - it doesn't have a goal like that. 
Q - Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Is that something we should view as something more of an evolutionary change or do you have some sort of hard goal that you expect to have that sort of realignment done in a certain time frame? 
A - Tunc Doluca: I would see it more as an evolutionary change because I think we can constantly look at this - and we have in the past too. We have made product line changes in the past. I believe that we probably need to make a few more in the short term now than in the past. Going forward, it's something that we continuously want to evaluate and see if we can be a better company overall. 
Q - Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: The other question on kind of aligning to those sorts of customers, from a big picture point of view, as you go into the normal seasonality that falls throughout the calendar year, do you have a greater gross margin challenge because of mix in the second half of the calendar year than you do in the first all things being equal? If so, as we go into the second half of this calendar year, do some of the cost cuts that you're putting in place, are they large enough to offset that or do we have to worry about gross margins directionally in the second half of the calendar year as well? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Frankly it's not something that I've analyzed in that way. Maybe it is something we ought to do, but we haven't really analyzed it in that way. 
Q - Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Maybe just bring it shorter term then - these new customers that are more vertically oriented ramp like you talked about in the preamble in this call - you said notebooks got bigger and that hurts your margins a bit - I would assume it's relatively fair to think that that would apply in the second half of the calendar year as well. Is there something wrong with that logic? 
A - Tunc Doluca: I wouldn't say there's something wrong with it but you also have to consider that what happened in Q2 in notebooks is - I wouldnt say that's very seasonal because in the past, a lot of the purchasing for notebooks was done towards the end of the Q1 months. This - what happened right now is really not something that's been happening in the past. Or maybe it has, but it's not a repeating event. It's really difficult for us to predict and say well, in 2007 the same thing is going to happen. 
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Freedman, AmTech Research. 
Q - Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: Just some quick details on the stock buyback - you said there was no stock buyback. Was there any share dilution? Can I get a share count? 
A - Tunc Doluca: I think it's inappropriate to give out share count information during this time. 
Q - Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: Okay. Alan, you mentioned inventory was flat during the quarter. Was that in dollars or days? 
A - Alan Hale: Dollars and again it's after the inventory reserves were taken and again it's excluding the effect of stock-based compensation. 
Q - Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: For Q1, do you believe that your Q1 revenue guidance puts you at a level that's above or below what you believe market consumption of your products will be? 
A - Tunc Doluca: When you say Q1? 
Q - Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: Your fiscal Q3, excuse me. The March quarter. 
A - Tunc Doluca: I was thinking about what you said so you're going to have to repeat it 
Q - Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: For the March quarter, your revenue guidance - do you think that that puts your shipments at above or below the consumption of your products at your end customers? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Actually that's pretty hard for us to say. I think it's probably about even. 
Q - Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: One last one. When we exit the options issues, have you given any thought or looked at the way in which the company has historically valued the stock option expenses and whether there's a way that you can come up with a different valuation method that might help out with the GAAP accounting regulation rules? 
A - Alan Hale: The GAAP accounting rules provide guidance on all the variables that go into that calculation. I don't want to get bogged down in a GAAP accounting discussion regarding stock compensation valuation charges. Perhaps if you want to discuss that afterwards we can. I think though, from what you've heard today, is that the company will view options as an essential to motivating engineers to align their interests with the shareholders and produce better results than they would without stock options. The issue of how heavy stock options will be used is to be determined. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Smigie, Raymond James. 
Q - Steve Smigie, Raymond James: A couple of quarters ago, you guys talked about roughly getting in the neighborhood of 300bps of gross margin improvement if you figured out how to better ramp production or hold back on announcing products for higher volume products to make sure your yield is right. Also about figuring out how to do pricing correctly on higher volume products. I'm just curious if you had seen any of that benefit come through yet or if you're still thinking about it in that way? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Do you remember exactly what was said? 
Q - Steve Smigie, Raymond James: I think Jack was saying that initially you'd had some problems with figuring out how to price the higher volume products and that you were pushing some of those pricing decisions further up in the organization on one hand. On the other hand, you were saying that you were announcing products too soon before you really had your yields up or the past that wouldn't matter but in the current environment the volumes are so high that you'd end up running negative gross margins on the products because you ramped so much faster. He'd mentioned about a 300bps gross margin recovery as you sort of addressed some of those problems. I'm just curious where you stand on that. 
A - Tunc Doluca: Okay. It's very hard to keep good quantified measures on this, but the measures that we mentioned in the last quarter pretty much had some of the content or items you talked about. They are having an effect, but it's going to be very hard for me to exactly quantify it. Some of them, as I said before had short term effects but many of those measures actually have I would say a longer term effect. In other words, we need to make sure that we don't get into gross margin difficulties way early when we're designing our products, when we're announcing them and so on and not try to fix them by controlling price at the last minute when the customer's already designed the product in. It's my belief that those measures we put in place will have a longer-term effect and it won't be seen one quarter after you put them in place. 
A - Alan Hale: If I could add some more color to that as well, I think Tunc mentioned in the beginning statements that we are essentially seeing a cultural revolution or a high level of anxiety and awareness of the gross margin focus that the company has. This is really permeated throughout the organizations that are responsible for the pricing of the product. In addition to that, I think one of the other measures that Tunc talked about which was to hold accountable our various business unit executives for the profit and loss of their businesses - sometimes there are This is really elevating the pricing decision. This is higher up within the chain of command, that's number one. Number two is that we will be - a particular transaction in the scheme of things may not look - we need to provide tools to our business unit executives to make sure that they understand the consequences of their actions in aggregate. I think those are some of the measures we're going to be working on to make sure that at a grass roots level and at a business unit executive level we have all the necessary tools and the anxiety to control this. 
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: I had a question around inventories. It seems like the reserve last quarter - the rough amount seems to me to suggest a write-down of about 10% of the dollar inventory you had in store and so this is the second straight quarter where you've taken a reserve. Clearly it's not clear whether you see a reserve this quarter of that same magnitude, but given that backdrop, why increase production to increase inventory this quarter to begin with? 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of production, we're not really increasing it that significantly, frankly, and I think that we had mentioned before we really need to use these periods where the demand is slow to be able to replenish our dye bank, because that's what we draw upon when the demand comes later. We lived through this in the past, where if we didn't come in with sufficient inventory into an upturn then we would have many unhappy customers. I don't want to repeat that again. 
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: I guess my point is that the forecasting hasn't necessarily been stellar to begin with, so why press the case here? Understandably the demand will come back, but do you think the issue is really having enough inventory to make sure you're able to supply the demand or to perhaps focus internally on forecasting the mix of inventory in light of ostensibly some pretty significant inventory reserves that you're taking? 
A - Tunc Doluca: It's both. We're both - we focused internally both on getting the right inventory there but also making sure that when we do build this inventory we're building it on products that have longer lives than others. We're controlling the inventory in that manner. Remember that a lot of the write off that came this quarter was because of this leaded inventory issue which really - I don't know if there's going to be some other material that's going to be banned in the future, but that really was an event that occurred in 2006 and I don't think that's going to repeat unless as I said there's another material that gets banned. Unusually high numbers is unusual for us. 
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley. 
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: You probably got the tax credit in the quarter, I'm just wondering what the normalized tax rate with R&D credit will be going forward? Just on the Seiko Epson deal, will you only be producing there products that Maxim has designed, or is there a possibility for you to run some of Seiko's own mass sets there? 
A - Alan Hale: On the tax rate question, the long-term tax rate at Maxim has been 33 plus or minus a little bit and I would expect that to remain intact going forward. 
A - Tunc Doluca: In terms of the Epson fab, your question was are we going to run Epson's wafers in that fab? 
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Have you acquired the rights to run any of their mass sets in that fab, or are you just running Maxim design only through that facility? 
A - Tunc Doluca: I see. Our current plan is to run Maxim designs only for us, however Epson will continue to utilize a large portion of that fab in the short term for their own demands. 
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from David Wu, Global Crown Capital. 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: I just want to get one thing straight. As I remember the conversation we had in the last quarterly analyst's call, there was a significant number of targets where your gross margin was in the teens that you were shipping, so by eliminating - I believe there were something like seven or 17 of these wonderful projects - the gross margin would naturally be going up. Is that something we can count on as the calendar year unravels or unfolds, and maybe that's more meaningful than the seasonality that we've been used to in the past? Because you're going through some very strange times these days. 
A - Tunc Doluca: Was there seven to 10 products? 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: I think we isolate a number of products. There were a significant number of projects that had a remarkably big impact on your gross margin. That was talked about in the last conference call. I assume that those things were either going to be done away with or disappear from your shipments soon? 
A - Tunc Doluca: Well it's a mix. Some of them will improve their costs so their gross margins will be better with the measures we talked about. Some of them, you know, we are asking that we don't get designed into the new generation unless the price is different, but many of them will continue to sell, because they do have a positive effect on our profits and they also are key for us to be able to win the next generation design. I think it's a mix of solutions that we've got for that list and I remember the list you're talking about. This was I think the top 20 negative gross margin contribution products. 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: I remember that number - the number of products was relatively small, but the impact on overall gross margin was remarkably big. I was wondering when do these problem children get fixed? Generally can we think about that as the end of calendar 2007 or do these things last longer than that? 
A - Tunc Doluca: First of all let me make a statement that's true. In terms of our focus on our top 20 negative contribution margin products, that will always be there. There will always be something that's got negative contribution margins. So the focus on the company will be to make sure that we continuously reduce the amount of negative contribution margins those top 20 products will have. That's the focus we've got. That's really the metric that we will go after, but those products will not disappear over night because some of those products, in fact many of them are products we sell to some of our - those key 20 customers we talked about. Most of our efforts in those areas are to transition those customers to our newer generation products where we've got a better cost structure and a new technology etc. Usually that's the way they transition. 
A - Pirooz Pavarandeh: So I think as Tunc mentioned, many of these products are high volume products that are sold to our strategic customers. In some instances, if not all or many, those products were entry points for Maxim into a new market and therefore there were several issues, you know. We made pricing - we made mistakes with regard to the pricing. We potentially didn't have sufficient experience with regard to that class of product so we went through a learning curve on those products. To answer your question, these products are not going to drop off a cliff immediately. They have a natural lifecycle within those customers, some of them have a one-year lifecycle, some of them potentially have a shorter lifecycle. Something like within six months to a year, you're probably going to see a significant drop off in volume on those products because we're encouraging our customers to go to the next generation product. Again, just to put things in perspective, these products - some of them have turned out to be door openers for us. In other words, yes, there is a gross margin impact in the short term, but it's provided us value in the sense that we've learned from those products so that we can make the next generation better. We have been good suppliers to our customers and they value that. That's got a long-term strategic value to us. There are benefits from these things - granted that there are negatives in terms of the gross margins, but we are trying to preserve a long-term outlook from our business and trying to grow it strategically that way. 
Q - David Wu, Global Crown Capital: The reason I ask this question really is that I'm sure there will always be a top-20 bad products, but those were very low margins and with your tightening in standards I assume that over time even the bad products aren't going to be as bad as this bunch. What I'm suggesting - is there a natural improvement in gross margin at the company, irrespective of all the other things that you're doing? Just by putting these products at your first batch? 
A - Tunc Doluca: It absolutely helps, I don't know if you recall, but we went through this, remember, in a wireless chipset back in the beginning of last year, where we had to prune it. In that case, we were able to do it because - very quickly as a matter of fact - because it was not that strategic of a product for us. This pruning, absolutely David, is correct. It's going to help but it's going to take some time I think is what proves it. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the program back to our hosts for any closing remarks. 
Paresh Maniar: Thank you, Operator. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We thank you for your continued participation and interest in Maxim. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, you may now disconnect. Good day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-11-02 06:15:00) =====
Executives: Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer   Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer   Tunc Delugha, Group President   Peruz Pavarande, Group President   Allen Hill, President of Dallas Semiconductor
Analysts: Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein   Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse   Craig Hettenbach, Wachovia Securities   Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs   William Lewis, JP Morgan   Doug Freedman, AmTech Research   Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities   Chris Caso, Friedman Billings Ramsey   Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair and Co.   Craig Ellis, Citigroup   David Wu, Global Crown Capital   Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley   Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank   Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray   Ramesh Misra, CE Unterberg
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Good day and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products First Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions I will turn the call over to Mr. Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Jasper, please go ahead.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, operator, and again welcome to our first fiscal quarter 2007 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Jack Gifford, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and our two group Presidents, Tunc Delugha and Peruz Pavarande. Also on the call are Alan Hill, Vice President of Dallas Semiconductor, and Paresh Maniar, Director of Investor Relations. There are some administrative items that I would like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turn orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiencies or capacity, projected in-market consumption of our products, and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words or similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the companys actual results could differ materially from these projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the companys business are contained in the companys SEC filings on Form 10-K for the year-ended June 25, 2005. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, and keeping with the SECs fair disclosure requirements, we have made time available for a question and answer period at the end of todays call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. Ill begin todays call by commenting on our financial performance before handing the call over to Jack, Tunc, and Peruz for their comments on end markets, strategies, and guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2007. Net revenues for the first quarter were $503 million, down 1.5% from the fourth quarter and up 18.5% from the same quarter last year. Gross turn orders during the first quarter were $233 million, of which $139 million was shipped for revenues within the quarter. For comparison purposes, turns for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006 were $251 million of which $166 million was shipped for revenues within the fourth quarter. First quarter GAAP gross margins came in at 63.9% compared to the fourth quarter gross margin of 66.3%. Approximately 1% of the first quarter decrease in gross margin was due to booking additional inventory reserves, 0.5% due to the mix shift to higher volume products which carried lower gross margins, 0.4% due to the retention grant of RSUs made to manufacturing personnel, and 0.5% to the one-time benefit received in the fourth quarter from one of our vendors. Operating expenses were $170.3 million in the first quarter compared to $165.1 million in the fourth quarter. The increase in spending was primarily related to $3 million associated with the review of the companys option program and historical option grants, and $3 million for additional head count and related spending in research and development. Our tax rate for the first quarter was 34.7% compared to 32.7% for the prior quarter. This increase in the tax rate was first due to the old tax deduction for extraterritorial income being eliminated and replaced with a deduction for domestic production that is being phased in over several years, and secondly due to the U.S. governments failure to reinstate the R&D tax credit. Earnings per share was $0.33 per share, in line with the updated guidance given for the first quarter. With the investment community having moved to GAAP accounting on stock option expensing much sooner than anticipated, we feel that Maxims stock price and consequence to our most loyal shareholders are being penalized due to the comparison of our GAAP earnings versus those companies with accelerated stock options prior to the adoption of FAS 123R. Had we accelerated divesting out of the money stock options upon the adoption of FAS 123R, our earnings per share during the first quarter would have been approximately $0.033 higher. I will now highlight a few items on our balance sheet. Accounts receivables decreased $0.8 million during the quarter to $291.7 million. Our day sales outstanding or DSOs increased slightly from 52 days in the fourth quarter to 53 days in the first quarter. Our inventories grew as planned by $10.6 million during the first quarter ending at $207.9 million. Inventory days remained fairly consistent at 109 days compared to 110 days in the fourth quarter. Inventories at our distributors were up during the quarter but continued to turn approximately 7 times on an annual basis. At the end of the first quarter, cash and short-term investments totaled $1.4 billion, up $52 million from the fourth quarter. Regarding the use of cash, we utilized $60.8 million to repurchase 2.1 million shares of our common stock, paid out $50 million in dividends during the first quarter, and paid $94.9 million for property and equipment. We have previously issued press releases regarding derivative law suits filed against certain former and current officers and directors alleging wrongful back dating stock options to certain officers and inquirers by the SEC and the U.S. Attorney and to our past option grants and granting practices. We have also issued a press release regarding the delisting notice we received from NASDAQ and are intent to appeal this process. Due to legal constraints, we will not be making any additional comments on this issue either during the prepared remarks or in the Q&A portion of this conference call. I will now hand the call over to Jack to provide additional highlights.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Carl. At our analyst meeting in May of this year, we outlined the five strategies that drive our long-range plan and I believe they will take us above industry revenue and earnings growth. Id like to take some time to review these strategies with you and our progress in executing. Our first strategy, as some of you will remember, is to focus on defining and pursuing high-value added large markets. Our goal is to leverage our strengths such as our high performance design capabilities in these markets. Weve already achieved significant success in a number of high-volume markets such as digital cameras and flat panel displays, and Tunc and Peruz will be taking briefly about some of these successes later in the call. Our second fundamental strategy is to partner with major electronic manufacturers. I know most of you are aware of that and have a lot of questions and comments on that. Just a few years ago Maxim supplied a very small portion of the semiconductors that these top 20 IC consumers purchased each year. Our concentrated efforts to cultivate these large users have begun to pay off. Design wins followed by good execution has opened doors for us to supply products for additional sockets in a vast range of equipment that these companies make. The portion of our revenue that comes from these top users of integrated circuits has grown from 28% in fiscal 04 to 34% in 06, which is a 55% increase in sales to these top customers over that two-year period. Although the percentage of our revenue from our top 20 customers will continue to rise, none of these OEM customers represents more than 6% of our revenues today. Our third fundamental strategy to strengthen our core technical competencies. Maxim is one of the most prolific inventors of new analog and mixing ICs in the world. This results from the use of our broad high-performance cell library. We are continuing to generate library cells that are only available at Maxim for design of complex performance, high-performance customer solutions as well as being sold as standalone combos in the cellphone. This is a very significant proprietary advantage that Maxim holds over almost all of the analog companies. We continue to develop new processes and packaging technologies necessary to successfully realize these high-performance components and application specific integrated circuits. Foundries and most of our competitors cannot offer these combined technologies. Our core strategy is to maintain our in-market diversity. Even as we have pursued strategic high volume opportunities, and no single end equipment segment represents more than 15% of our business. We are targeting our R&D efforts at over 18 different in-markets as we continue to seek out opportunities in growth in emerging applications. Were constantly looking for the next emerging iPod or satellite radio. Maxim today supplies product into virtually every in-market that uses complex analog integrated circuits. Our fifth and last strategy, and clearly this is important as any of the other four, is to attract and retain our talented employees. In an environment where a number of companies are competing for scare mixed signal analog engineers in all facets of engineering from circuit design to product engineering, Maxim has been a net add of engineers every quarter. Lack of growth in technology stock prices has created more than historical mobility in our industry, but I believe that we have fared as well as anybody and probably better than most during these most volatile times. As we have noted previously, high-volume markets may provide somewhat lower but still attractive gross margins. A popular misconception, however, is that lower margins are due to a greater competition for these sockets, and in reality the reverse is true. Many companies can produce lower complexity, lower performance analog ICs, but very few have the necessary analog and digital functional performance in their cell libraries to provide high-performance and highly integrated solutions, which these major corporations require. These enable our customers to build products that are smaller, thinner, lighter, more feature rich, making design wins, achieving this approach, very high proprietary for Maxim. High volume integrated circuit gross margins are heavily influenced by the price that our customers equipment can afford. For instance, a cellphone manufacturer wants to add a TV reception feature to his next-generation phone knows that the consumer would only be willing to pay a certain premium for that feature. By working backwards the customer determines how much he can afford to pay for the components to add that feature. Maxim must then decide whether the margins are accretive enough for us to pursue this opportunity, either as a standalone function of our integrating or the TV reception capability with other functions that we supply in the phone. Typically, the gross margin that the customer can afford to pay for such an added functionality is not 80%. However, the R&D that goes into supplying such a function can spread over a far larger number of units. The impact of the lower gross margins can be mostly if not entirely offset by the leverage in below-the-line spending. These are decisions our management makes regularly, and most importantly we get to make these decisions before we commit to development enabling us to be in better control of our gross margins. Then, why are we adding this complexity and risk to our business? Simply because this is a safest growth opportunity for Maxim. To maximize Maxims profit growth rate we must expose ourselves to these opportunities and their risks. It is more risky, however, to stay in the comparatively crowded low-complexity, low-volume markets than the safer high-value, less competitive, and more difficult complex chip markets. Executing these strategies is not without growing pains as some of you know and we know. Having said that, we are aware of the concern in the investment community regarding the rate of decline of our gross margins. We have extensively reviewed all aspects of our business dealings with the execution of our core strategies, and from that comes a list of identified issues and actions underway now at Maxim to correct and control our profit quality. I would like to go through these with you briefly. First, in the past all products in development were management by the same metrics, whether it was complex or simple. We now have separated our products into two classes: complex and noncomplex. Complex products total approximately 25% of the products in development at any given time at Maxim. Complex products targeted in volume applications now get significant more focus from the executive management than devices that have less technological and less gross margin risk. The progress of each complex product is now reviewed monthly at my level and Tunc and Peruzs level with the owner of the product, and that is a business unit executive. This review will ensure improved manufacturing ability and gross margin control. During the development phase we continuously monitor parameters such as the competitive environment, validation of customer required samples, sample schedules and pricing, and the general management commitment of the sponsoring customer. This is the responsibility of each business unit executive, and not a subordinate. The business unit executive will work to control these parameters along with cost assumptions and will be gaining introductions to ensure those products are manufacturable at acceptable margins and volumes consistent with customer production ramp requirements. Exception products, products that dont meet those requirements will require a group president to buy off. Secondly, the price at which a new product is offered to a customer historically has been determined by a business unit personnel at lower levels in the company. Due to the wide dispersion of our revenues from thousands of products, pricing an individual device has minimal impact on company wide margins, with our growth in high-volume markets and find that the mispricing of complex large revenue products can have a significant impact on corporate margins, especially if customer productions volumes ramp before expected cost savings are realized. We have elevated the responsibility for pricing of complex products to the business unit executive level, requiring presidential approval in many cases. For already introduced products where pricing has resulted in unacceptable gross margins, we are selectively raising prices when it is prudent without damaging customer relationships. In the short term, this will have limited effect in gross margin approval. Going forward, however, we believe these pricing areas will be eliminated. Thirdly, in our traditional markets products have slower ramps and longer life cycles. This gave us time to optimize yield and manufacture ability. In the fast and ramping high volume markets it has become clear that cost reduction has to be a higher priority and turned much earlier. We are working aggressively to improve cost for a number of introduced products that did ramp before yields and costs were aligned with profit objectives. Again, future complex products will be cost and yield improved to meet their profit objectives before the product is announced. Fourth, for many analogs ICs test and packaging cost are a significant portion of the manufacturing cost. The optimization of product test cost and in some cases has been given necessary priority as the product rapidly transitions from development phase to large volume manufacturing. Testing inefficiencies can also result in cost increases until the product test program is optimized. Introduced products that should benefit from test development have been identified and the necessary actions are being taken. Future fast ramp large volume products will be routinely targeted for test authorization before production volumes. Fifth, when a product is in development, its testing is done onshore to facilitate a review analysis and on-time introduction of the product. Testing is transferred offshore in due course resulting in a significant reduction in costs. We are finding that fast ramping, high volume products need to be transferred offshore and much faster to quickly maximize their gross profit contribution. Test systems are being installed offshore for the transfer of complex products that are currently being tested onshore. The expeditious offshore transfer of fast ramp, high volume products is now a part of our new complex product introduction procedure. And finally, we are examining our product lines through identified products that do not support acceptable margins and do not fit into our strategic goals for long-term profit. Strong revenue growth provides us the best opportunity to leverage below-the-line spending. Maxims revenue growth will resume over the immediate term as a result of these strategies. I should point out that since the strategy to address high volume markets started to kick in a year ago, our revenue growth has surpassed that of our closest peers. We are now attacking the second phase of this strategy. We are working to ensure that our execution allows us to extract the maximum accretive profit that these markets offer to us. The potential for problems discussed probably should have been identified as a subset of our strategies, i.e. the need for a bimodal new product management system to deal with these complex high-volume products. We now have one and it is now in place. During the past quarter, we have introduced a number of groundbreaking products, many with high levels of integration. To provide a commentary on the first quarter in-market activities and key products that we introduced during the first quarter Id like to turn this call over now to Tunc first and then Peruz to close.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Thank you Jack. After six straight quarters of bookings increases, during the first quarter we experienced an order rate decline. During the quarter, we recorded $507 million in gross bookings, a 9% decline from the $557 million level of the previous quarter. Approximately $40 million of the reduction was due to customers placing their orders closer to the requested ship date by one week, and another $7 million of the decline was due to one customer changing its order to adjust-in-time format. Worldwide, distributor bookings on Maxim during the first quarter were lower than the orders that they received for Maxim parts from their customers by about $20 million. This implies distributors were reducing their inventory during the quarter. Bookings from 4 of our end equipment markets were up and 15 were down. Geographically Japan and Korea bookings were up while the other four regions were down. We believe over ordering in the fourth quarter to ensure fourth quarter and the first quarter shipments was the major factor. Our 12-month backlog declined to $415 million at the end of the first quarter compared to $429 million at the end of the fourth quarter. Our beginning 90-day backlog for the second quarter is $365 million, relatively unchanged from the beginning 90-day backlog for the first quarter of $366 million. We currently expect second quarter revenues to be flat to 4% below the first quarter level. Now, Id like to describe a few of the exciting end equipment opportunities, design wins, and a sampling of the new products weve introduced during the first quarter from the portable computing and instrumentation electronics group I am responsible for. Our new wide LED driver product lights up to 60 LEDs for flat panel liquid crystal displays or LCDs, enabling compact size and exceptional dimming range. This product is an Intel reference design for notebook computers. Speaking of notebook PCs, we are now benefiting from the newly announced AMD-Dell relationship with Maxim DC-DC converters power AMD processors. We introduced digitally programmable gamma reference generators for liquid crystal displays, and this product has been designed by a top LCD manufacturer. It is a critical component to compensate for non-linear color response of LCDs resulting in enhanced color and faster response time for computer monitors and flat panel televisions. Maxims new CDMA cellphone power management IC was announced and simultaneously designed in at a top tier phone maker with volume production starting in the next three months. This is an example of one of these fast ramp products. The product is a complete power supply loaded with exclusive features like a 30-volt charger input and 4 MHz switching frequency providing small solution size. These features are the result of proprietary devices available from our in-house process technology. Our newest DC-DC converter supplies the transmit power amplifier in CDMA and UMPS cellphones. It features the lowest resistance bypass switch available and improves conventional RF power amplified efficiency by almost 50% permitting longer talk, file transfer, and internet browsing times for third-generation handsets. Just announced, our bidirectional video filter products allow designers the flexibility of recording and playback from a single connector in mobile consumer devices. By using the same filter in both playback and record modes, Maxim has the cost and space in personal media players such as video iPods. Additionally these devices have implemented Maxims Direct Drive technology to eliminate AC coupling capacitors and enabling thinner players. Maxims 3 Amp and 10 Amp DC-DC converters with on chip power MOSFET switches as well as high-frequency DC-DC controller achieved significant design wins at commercial and enterprise network switches and routers at a major networking customer. One of our business units, the Automatic Information Business unit, captured a design win that will be worth over $50 million in the coming years. It is another win in the area of medical consumable authentication, which has been an extremely successful area for our proprietary one-wire products. The design wins in this area are characterized by very high volumes and very long product life cycles. Maxim has the largest share in the cellular mobile TV tuner market in Japan, with our ISDB-T2. Maxim ships most of the cellular TV tuners in the world. The top Japanese cellular phone companies have all told us our tuner has by far the best overall performance, a must for this technically challenging application. With our software GPS partner were now in production inside a USB attachment that turns a notebook computer into a full GPS car navigation unit. Our receiver product eliminates the need for the GPS base time chip for lowering cost and shrinking the solution size. This should be the first of many design wins for this new software GPS architecture. Last but not least, Maxim won EDN China product of the year 2006 with a direct conversion transmitter chipset. This highly integrated low-noise, high linearity, direct up-conversion, down-conversion modulator-to-modulator is designed for RFID handheld and portal readers as well as single and multi-carrier GSM EDGE, CDMA, wide band CDMA, and iDEN base station applications. I will now hand over the call to Peruz to discuss developments in his business units.
Peruz Pavarande, Group President: Thank you Tunc. As Tunc noted in his remarks, I also see exciting growth opportunities in many different application areas. Ill briefly elaborate on a few of our new product introductions in the multimedia, automotive, and telecommunications electronics group that Im responsible for. Last quarter, we introduced a controller monitor for transceivers used in passive optical networks. This high-growth technology brings wideband with voice, data, and video services to the home. This devices integrates all of the control and data acquisition circuits needed to realize a passive optical network transceiver. Additionally, it provides a simple way to adjust the power output of each unit to compensate for the variable fiber length to the hub, which enables a lower cost design to be used for the network receiver. We introduced a number of innovative products for emerging applications that use high brightness LEDs to the light systems. One family of products incorporates the highest integration LED drivers for LCD backlighting applications. These drivers have an ultra wide dimming ration that makes them ideally suited for automotive applications. Another family of products utilizes the Maxim invention that will enable projector manufacturers to replace the high intensity discharge lamps in their current systems with high-power LEDs to improve color quality and light source reliability. Im also pleased to report that weve received significant design wins in notebook platforms with our Windows Vista compliance speaker and headphone amplifier product. This product uses Maxim patent for technology to eliminate bulky external components and its high performance allows a comfortable margin that simplifies the system design. In closing, were pleased to announce that during the past few weeks, Maxim has achieved preferred supplier status at two of the worlds top 20 consumers of ICs. Reaching this most favored vendor level is further evidenced and our major account focus is working. Ill hand it over to Carl.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Peruz. Thats the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. Operator, will you please begin polling for questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question at this time please press the 1 key on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered and you wish to remove yourself from the queue, please press the # key. Our first question comes from Adam Parker from Sanford Bernstein, your question please.
Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein: Hi, I heard you said the revenue for December was flat to down 4, but could you provide gross operating or earnings guidance at all for December, why the change in strategy?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it has to do with the range of guidance for one and also the earnings per share which require that we have a handle on below-the-line spending, which were not sure where thats going to quite end up.
Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein: So, theres more uncertainty this quarter than there has been in the past where, as you guys have always given the guidance in more detail?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We could give you a range. I think you can probably figure out that as well as we can from the revenue guidance. I dont want to give you a one number and thats why we didnt
Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein: Do you expect and SG&A dollars to be up sequentially in the December quarter?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we dont expect them to be up, but we cant tell you how much theyre going to be down.
Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein: Okay, but you expect absolute dollars for both R&D and SG&A to be down sequentially?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thats not what I said. I said theyre not going to be up but we cannot judge whether theyre going to be flat or down, because its a moving target.
Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein: All right. The other question I have to get off that topic is, you talked about your share growing over the last few quarters than some of your peers, and youve talked a lot in the past about you have kind of two businesses where the older one maybe going at some rate like 10% and the newer one growing at some rate like 20% or 30%, can you talk about your complex versus noncomplex bookings or sales; I mean how are those things looking, are the high volume applications looking much better right now, or is it kind of consistent with the slow down across both areas?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Peruz, you should also comment also. My view of that is that the bookings are better in the complex product areas than they are in the traditional lower complexity areas. I notice that our industrial bookings were down last quarter materially. So, I think some of the gross margin deterioration was due to mix change and I think that had to do with some of the more complex products growing and the less complex products not growing, so our mix is probably hurting our gross margin and the fact that the mix of less complex products, that ratio has gone the wrong way.
Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein: All right, were seeing right now the revenue growth versus the peer, this is as wide as its going to get or do you think it continues to widen over the next couple of years?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Say that again.
Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein: Im just trying to figure out, when do you think well be seeing the maximum amount of revenue growth youre getting versus some of the companies you are typically measured against, is it a year or two off in the future or do you think youre seeing a lot of that already?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Im not sure I got the question, can you try it one more time for me?
Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein: Sure, so youve talked about the fact that some of these high volume, more complex applications are going need you to grow faster than some of your traditional peers and you said youre starting to see some of that incremental revenue growth versus the peers in the last few quarters, and Im trying to figure out if you think youre seeing the full effect of that now or if you think this complex business is going to become a larger and larger percentage of your revenue over time so that youll see more growth versus the peers a couple of years from now than youre seeing now?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Im going to answer it, but Im also going to have Tunc and Peruz commenting on that. My view is we have not see anywhere near the peak rate for two reasons: one, we have just basically been able to penetrate these major accounts and be important to them and not all of them yet. And secondly, our execution has not been as good as we would have liked. So, I see much more opportunity for growth rate increases going forward than in the past.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: No, I agree with Jack, we have not seen yet because if you look at the percentage of our revenue coming from high-integration products, its somewhere in the order of 10% to 15% and we project that to get to 30% to 40% in the next three or four years. So, the real growth is ahead of us.
Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein: Okay, all right, thanks.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Also, Tunc, dont you guys want to comment on the
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Yeah, on your previous question, we did see a lot of growth in the complex product area especially in my business units which are more heavily geared towards high-end consumer products. A lot of the design wins and a lot of the revenue growth in the last quarter did come from these high-integration type products, things like cellphones, cameras, and they all are very high integration products, smart batteries, all of them.
Peruz Pavarande, Group President: So, the growth that I did see in our business units came primarily from the consumer segment of cellphones and MP3 players and PMP type products, portable electronic devices. And part of that growth was driven by higher complexity devices but also the growth was also driven by some of the innovations that we had in those areas where we clearly had advantages over our competition through some of the inventions that weve made.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Masdea from Credit Suisse, youre question please.
Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: Yeah, thanks a lot. Jack, you talked a lot about what youre doing on the gross margins side overall in terms of some of the focus on your business and for some of these processes, etc., is there something that we should to think about your long-term gross margin target changing or should it be some impact and whats the timeframe for that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually well change, we dont believe that this deterioration of gross margin will continue at that rate. We believe next quarter that our gross margins will probably drop half a point, but whats gone in the last two or three quarters in our view is abnormal. We understand the causes and were doing a lot of things as Ive outlined to remedy those things. So, we expect to be back to a much more normal gross margin from our business. As I said for a long time, we expect that we should be able to operate this business in the low-to-mid 60 gross margin levels at $5 billion to $6 billion level, and we still believe that.
Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: And similarly weve seen operating margins fall right with it, is there anything that youre thinking about doing on the spending side structurally or is it just a matter of getting the revenues where they need to be?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Its the revenue Michael. The gross margins are important if they stay at acceptable levels, but the key to our strategy and to our plan is to have better than market average revenue growth, which we believe will happen and we believe we are executing good in that area.
Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: And then, just last one for me. If you look at whats happening in the supply chain and lead times, etc., can you just give us your take on whether we are really seeing a sort of demand correction here, is there some risk of that or if this is purely just supply chain adjustments going on?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I will comment and also and so will Tunc and Peruz on that. My view is that from my analysis our bookings were down from the fourth quarter to first quarter primarily because of over ordering in the fourth quarter, which was brought about by, one, they needed product to bill for the holiday season, and secondly they were concerned with lead times and ordered accordingly based upon on their expectation of our lead times. So, I believe that the first quarter bookings were somewhat aberrational relative to consumption rate, and I believe that that will correct itself in the coming quarter.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Yeah, as I said in my part of the talk, I mean essentially the customer has given lead times to us reduced by about a week, and that had a lot to do with it going forward where thats going to stabilize.
Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: And where your lead times are now, is that impacting them still?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Our lead times, Mike, came in about a week and a half but they still are longer than the customers are requesting but not byI think they maybe a week longer than they are requesting. We think that our customers reaction to our lead times probably contributed to as much as $40 million of bookings or the lack of bookings.
Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: So, does this mean you build inventory again and try to bring those lead times in further or is that guessing game is still too hard to bring this in?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, we build more product than we shipped in the first quarter. The problem is the mix and just getting the mix correct and getting it has been extremely difficult based upon the visibility weve gotten from customers. So, if we can build in mix, I think it would be better.
Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: Got it, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Wachovia Securities, your question please.
Craig Hettenbach, Wachovia Securities: Yes, thanks. Can you talk about the linearity of bookings as you progressed through the September quarter and then into the month of October here?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, weve said in the last couple of calls that we didnt want to extrapolate quarter bookings based upon four weeks of bookings, and Id rather not do that. I will tell you that September bookings were not good. They were very low.
Craig Hettenbach, Wachovia Securities: And then in terms of the strategy of driving high volume business at top OEMs, you mentioned digital cameras a number of times where youre having some success, can you give us some other examples where you are starting to see that design activity pick up in areas where you think youll drive some growth into calendar 2007?
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Other examples that were targeting and winning designs, we have some in handsets, we have some in media players, we have some in flat panel displays.
Peruz Pavarande, Group President: We have automotive design wins, new areas for us, also on the networking and datacom space as well.
Craig Hettenbach, Wachovia Securities: Okay, and for some of the consumer related ones will it really be towards the end of next year in terms of seasonal factors that youd see, kind of a larger impact as those products would ramp seasonally.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I dont think so; I mean consumer product television, thats another area weve had success getting designed into, digital televisions, flat panel televisions; I mean I think there is a year end peak but we dont think of it as a big bubble.
Craig Hettenbach, Wachovia Securities: And then lastly if I could on the inventory front, in addition to running some dye banks for general purpose products, any change to how youre structurally running manufacturing in terms of inventory and need the support for some of these newer higher volume applications?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Buffer inventories I think these customers request, which means youre building an anticipation of when theyre going to buy, and thats also necessary because they do ramp really rapidly. But, no, were trying to add wafer fab capacity right now and we now are ahead of the curve, barely caught up, but well continue to add capacity this quarter and increase our output, and then depending upon what happens to bookings this quarter, we will either flatten out or continue to grow on output.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Also, for some of these high volume products, were looking at how to reduce cycle time. That helps us too.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that helps a lot. But were not sitting here anticipating a slow down if thats part of your question, its not our frame of mind right now.
Craig Hettenbach, Wachovia Securities: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs, your question please.
Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you very much. First, I just wanted to clarify the comment you made, Jack, on the gross margins for next quarter being down 50 basis points or so, did you mean that to be down from the actually reported GAAP number this quarter or excluding the $5 million inventory one-time adjustments?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thats 0.5% would be on the GAAP numbers that you see reported.
Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay, so it will be more like 1.5% of the actual x inventory adjustment number?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean you always have reserve requirements that you have to analyze every quarter, but again its off of what we reported last quarter, thats a 0.5% drop.
Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then maybe just to put inventory reserve in context, you called out this quarter and I think its something that happens every quarter, was this just a larger amount this time around or was it just on a discontinued product line or can you just give us a little more color there?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Overall, it was bigger, it was more.
Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: So, the typical would be more like $1 million or 2 million or something?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thats typical. This quarter was just a little bit more and thats why we called it out.
Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay, and can you give us a little more color on what was behind that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Basically, there were on products that we did not see a demand for over the next four quarters and we have policies that say that we need to write off excess inventory. Now, whether the customers come and buy it is another question, but it was the policy that determines the size of that reserve and its product, where you have product and you do not project that you will consume it over the next four quarters.
Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay, so it was one of the newer, more complex, higher volume products?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I wouldnt say that, its a mix of products. I mean I wouldnt say it ties the complex products at all, its just across the board. We got simple products that we dont forecast right either or customers dont buy.
Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you for that clarification and then just the another thing I wanted to ask about is, I think it was Peruz who mentioned that percentage of your sales that are driven by the complex products now is in the 10% to 15% range, and I just wanted to see how you think you are relative to the targets you had shown at the analysts day, I think that was for about a 25% of sales in fiscal 07 from ASSPs and Im not sure if thats the same definition or not, but just wanted t check in on the progress to that target.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: I dont remember the exact number, I dont have it in front of me, but in general I know from the business units that we are on target in terms of launching and getting those types of products into production.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the number he usedthats the current revenue from those products.
Simona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay, terrific, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Lewis from JP Morgan.
William Lewis, JP Morgan: Good afternoon. First, a clarification if I could, I think Tunc you said the bookings number was 570, was that correct or was it 510?
Tunc Delugha, Group President: It was actually 507.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The bookings on us were 507. We have another number that is in-market bookings, these are bookings that our reps and distributors get from their customers, that number was $522 million, so theyve booked more than they booked on us.
William Lewis, JP Morgan: Got it. And then my question I guess is about the changes youve made that you identified relative to complex products and gross margins, could you maybe talk about at what rates these benefits will start to layer in, when theyre going to start to benefit the company? And then also any implications to the wafer fab side of manufacturing? You talked about back end as a result of this bimodal product planning, impact o CapEx, and any change to your inventory model such as the way you think about dye banks and these types of products versus the less complex products.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I didnt address that because that was in the cost center for us, so it wasnt a problem, and I tried to address the areas that we were going to attack and are attacking relative to setting ourselves up better to deal with these complex products that weve been successful with. So, to answer your first question in part, were already seeing the benefit of some of the things we said were doing, which would be like transferring products offshore for instance. We are also doing some things with pricing. We have raised pricing, which has had benefits, and I would think in the third quarter well actually see some of the more immediate short-term things starting to roll through. Everything Ive talked about the six areas of improvement, every one of those is going to have an intermediate effect and in some cases the short-term improvement.
William Lewis, JP Morgan: On the last part of that, does this at all change the way you think about dye bank and kind of the lasting quality of your inventory, do shorter product life cycles create new challenges there and new spending requirements?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I dont think so. Its more dynamic. Things speed up, but I dont think theres any efficiencies associated with it.
William Lewis, JP Morgan: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from AmTech Research.
Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: Thanks, AmTech Research. I think some of the questions are targeted at this, Jack, but if you could help us understand, where do you think you guys are right now in sort of a capacity expansion cycles that we tend to see, should we expect the CapEx to be rather stable going forward or if you can help us understand where you think you might be.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, let me look at something before I answer that question.
Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: I guess Ill give it in context. In thinking of a company on a longer term free cash flow basis, its important to understand really where that CapEx needs to be given to the growth goals.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, in the quarter that were in right now, were going to produce about $16 million more, that means that capacity is in place and if we shipped all those and they were in mix, we would be able to ship $634 million in that quarter. We are running at about 75% of our fab capacity at that level and thats installed capacity. Did that answer your question?
Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: My question really is given that youre at 75% of your fab capacity and where you are in your spending, your CapEx spending, should we think that CapEx spending is not going to not be cyclical and itll be sort of a stable level as a percentage of sales or are we going to have another fab purchase thats going to need to take place in a year or two and should we be thinking about a blip on the spending curve?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, a number of questions there, but as I pointed out, were right now producing in the second quarter at rate, if the mix was perfect, and we would be able to ship about $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion, and weve got 25% more capacity than that. Thats a very gross rate but a very simple and actual way to look at that now. Having said that, we have to spend money today and were continuing to spend money in order to add fab capacity relative to our long range plan. We are spending money now and were going to expand our capacity another 10% in the existing facility. So, that would give us 10% more capacity. Now, having said that, we will have to acquire another fab certainly within the timeframe you outlined if we are to meet our plan.
Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: All right, thats helpful. One other things mentioned was that youre working on improving cycle times and can you go into any detail in what youre doing there and how thats going to be taking place and what impact thats expected to have on your delivery performance and where you stand with delinquencies?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Delinquencies are mostly due to booking out of mix rather than cycle times or capacity issues; in other words, weve built more than we shipped last quarter. Well probably build more this quarter than were going to ship, but the mix issue is the problem, and I dont believe were that abnormal by the way, but at any rate its not a capacity problem and in my view its not a cycle time problem. Our cycle time is about 10 weeks right nowI mean its not our cycle time but our lead times are about 10 weeks. Our fab cycles are from very short to very long. We have processes that have 30-40 moves and they have a 20-day fab time and we have other processes that have 190 moves and they have a 100-day cycle time in fab. Youre not going to get around those kinds of numbers depending on the complexity of the process. All companies have pretty much the same assembly and test times and shipping times. The bigger issue frankly is knowing what to build and that is our biggest problem if I had to pick one, is the mix. It would be nice to have shorter cycle times but in order to do that youve got to have simpler processes.
Doug Freedman, AmTech Research: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities, your question please.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: Hi Jack. I wanted to first go back to I think a comment that Tunc made again about targeting the more complex chips and what it is as a percentage of revenues. My recollection is that in fiscal 05 it was 15% and I think this indicated about 10% to 15% of revenues. So first of all, if that is correct then why the progress in terms of that metric being higher has been delayed here? That will be my first question.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Its 34, but I cant exactly remember one, and I dont remember the exact years but it was like 13%, 14%, and 15%.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: I think it was 14% in 04 and 16% in 05.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: So those numbers were right, I dont have them in front of me so I cant answer you. Whatever we presented there was correct.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: I guess my question is, why are the numbers  for lack of a better word  still depressed at 10% to 15%, is the benefit from the model changed so much slower material wise, and if thats the case then how do we get conviction in 30% to 40% growth in this business?
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Yeah, when I said 10% to 15% I didnt have the numbers in front of me, but if I remember the graph its definitely going up to the right.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of just throwing out a range, I mean if you want to be that precise well get you the numbers here. Were not changing those numbers.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: I guess the second question I have is, Jack, do you have an estimate of what consumption was this quarter, you give it out at times, is it close to what the distributor bookings were?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah I do. We think that consumption in the first quarter is about $526 million.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: And a couple of other housekeeping questions. I know you cant comment on the progress on the options investigation, but the $3 million that youre incurring in expenses, should we be thinking about modeling that for a quarter or two going out, can you give us a time limit on that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I hope not. I cant comment on that.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: Let me just ask you in a different way, so your flat-to-down operating expense assumes that theres no relief on this front, is that fair to assume here?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The fact that we didnt want to comment on below-the-line spending is probably tied to variable expenses like that.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. Then, one final question on the tax rate, this 2 percentage point jump sort of permanent so we should think about modeling about 34.7% tax rate going forward?
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes that R&D tax credit is not reinstated these are correct. If it does get reinstated you have a catch up in the quarter to reinstate it, then we will be up only1% for the year.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: One final question here, Jack, I dont want to make the point, but I think on the last call you talked about probably getting better efficiency from your San Antonio fab in short order, is that still per plan or are you still seeing some erosion in your margins as it relates to
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, actually not. Our fabs, I didnt comment on that, I probably should have. Our fabs in our end-of-line operation actually contributed about $4 million of increased overhead capture from the previous quarter, so they did much better.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Caso for Friedman Billings Ramsey, your question please.
Chris Caso, Friedman Billings Ramsey: Hi thanks. Jack, I wonder if you can just expand on some comments you made on the industrial market, you talked about that slowing down perhaps a little more than you expected in the quarter, is that kind of in line with some of your earlier comments thinking that people were probably ordering ahead because of lead times or is there something else going on there?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I could give you some idea of which ones were the slowest in the markets. The ones that were up were actually the PDA market, the cellphone market, and set-top box market. The camera market was about flat. The ones that were down more dramatically that were big enough to be important in that last quarter were both networking datacom and industrial; telecom were down. Those were all down, no big numbers, storage was down but thats not that a big number. So, industrial was the largest market and if you look at the amount it was down and the size of the market, it had the biggest impact on all of our markets.
Chris Casso, Friedman Billings Ramsey: And I guess as we go into the March quarter, I know its early to make predictions on that here, but typically you have more selling days than typically the best quarter for that market, do you think its a situation where customers have inventory to burn or theres something fundamentally going on in those markets that just the markets are slower?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You mean this quarter?
Chris Casso, Friedman Billings Ramsey: Well, I talk about going into next quarter, because I think typically this is still a slow quarter for industrial, right?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that the last quarter is probably going to be the slowest quarter from my view. I mean I dont think this quarter is going to be any slower than last quarter, and thats my opinion.
Chris Caso, Friedman Billings Ramsey: Do you think the September quarter winds up being the slowest quarter going forward in this fiscal year?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Im guessing like you, but the reason Im guess is because I think I believe that the reason the last quarter was down was because it didnt have anything to do with demand, it had to do with the over orders the quarter before that, and I believe that. So, our ship demand does not show last quarter being materially down from the fourth quarter ship demand, but the bookings were up big time in the fourth quarter and down big time in the first quarter.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I have several business units that really play heavily in the industrial market and I think the comments that are relevant are the following: first of all the comment that the bookings were down is accurate, and I think thats attributable to the fact that we have a very significant peak in bookings in the fourth quarter. The second comment is that based on our survey of our end customers, I dont think that the end consumption has gone down. I think its essentially neutral, so the end consumption is flat. The bookings were down primarily because bookings in the previous quarter were up excessively. And the other data point as well is, within that market were not seeing any excess inventory. I think its primarily a bookings phenomenon. I dont know if I answered your question or not.
Chris Caso, Friedman Billings Ramsey: That was pretty good color. Just finally with respect to the inventory questions, do you think thats fairly universal among your end markets and end customers that the inventory levels are in pretty good shape; I mean some others in your space have talked about some pockets in inventory, what can you guys weigh out on that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You may want to comment Tunc, because you guys have first hand information than I do.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: In the business unit that I oversee the general thought is that there is really not much of an inventory issue. The only potential exception is on the networking datacom market where Ive got some business units reporting that there is really no inventory issue while others are reporting that there is excess inventory, but its a pretty small amount. Its a small percentage of our overall revenues thats impacted by that. So, overall, Id say its not a major problem in my divisions, and thats across the board, the only exception being the networking datacom space.
Chris Caso, Friedman Billings Ramsey: All right, great, thank you.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: In some of the other ones like in the notebook area and so on, I think the inventories at the manufacturers are fairly low.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Im reviewing some of the comments weve got from various divisions and we dont see anybody saying that they have excess inventories, so I think were all saying the same thing and we think its not an inventory issue situation out there.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: I just want to make sure thats it clear about what I said or misstated previously on the highly integrated products. The number for 06 that we presented was 18% and thats an actual number. In going forward, in 07 its 25 and in 08 its 33, so that 33 percentage of sales are in highly integrated complex circuits.
Chris Caso, Friedman Billings Ramsey: So, youre correcting a number you said earlier?
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Yes, 10% to 15% is what I said for this year. So, previously for the complex, highly integrated circuits I said our sales were about 10% to 15%, so the correct number for fiscal year 06 is 18%, and going forward its 25% in 07 and 33% in 08.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Rosenberg from William Blair, you question please.
Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Hi, on the bookings commentary, on the last call I believe you said the bookings were weak in June and July and then when you revised your guidance for the quarter you had said that they had improved during the quarter but not as much as expected. Can you characterize what you said about September earlier relative to how weak they were exiting the fourth quarter and into the beginning of the first quarter?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think September was definitely weak and I think we dont expect to see those kinds of months in this quarter, I dont think.
Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Okay, and I guess I was just wondering given July was weak to start the first quarter and then September was weak, was October up over July given that you started last quarter weakly?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I really dont want to comment on October, because its a four-week deal and I dont want to set expectations either way. Otherwise, well have the same conversation next quarter.
Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: A question on gross margin too, I mean youve given us the effect of the change of mix over the past couple quarters and looking at my numbers it looks like thats responsible for about half of the cumulative gross margin decline weve seen over the past couple of quarters and I think you talked about some manufacturing variances being predominantly responsible for the rest of the decline and some changes that were being made to improve those variances, is there a point at which you would expect to see some improvement in gross margin because youve addressed the ramp of production and some of the issues with mispriced products that you talked about in recent quarters?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: First, to get manufacturing efficiencies, we have to continue to add revenue growth, but we did have a pickup in manufacturing profits in this quarter and we would have some next quarter. But, the other improvement in gross margins is going to come from the number of things I outlined when I was telling you about how were executing now and our status. We need to fundamentally do a better job on pricing our products, we need to make sure that we get products into production and ones that were putting into production for these opportunities are production worthy and they have a cost model when they get in and out, so when they get launched and developed, and we have to be sure that were realizing those cost models or we have to get to them sooner. Now those things were doing and some of those things were working on with products that are already in production. So, we will see improvements from these efforts.
Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: But is that something that will take several quarters before we see any sort of offset to the mix shift that continues to recur or is it something that given some of them are in production or mispriced products that are already out there that it should happen as soon as you get revenue stability?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Jeff first of all the mix shift, lets make sure we all understand our view of the mix shift is. Our mix shift has more to do with the fact that we did not book in some of the higher margin product areas rather than the fact that were overbooking in the lower margin areas. Thats our view of that. I mean the products that weve been focusing on here in terms of affecting our margins have actually booked pretty much to plan. The products that havent booked like the industrial market and some of that stuff, some of the data convertersnow I dont believe that we have a bad mix going here at all. Im not worried about our plan in that regard. I think we have suffered from three things -- one is the execution of our costs, the second thing is pricing our products correctly, and then the third thing is were not booking in the mix of higher margin products that we had anticipated. So, those are all affecting our overall gross margins and I think that theyre not on a trend line, theyre more aberrational in my view. But, were doing a lot of things to put controls in to correct this trend thats gone on for three quarters.
Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions comes from Craig Ellis from Citigroup, your question please.
Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Thank you. Using the gross margin backdrop where youve now got bimodal strategies that seem to be moderating the pace of gross margin decline as the complex mix shifts up over time, and we said maybe low 60%, what does that imply for operating margins, Jack? You recently talked about 44%, is that still the right number, is it closer to 40%?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I dont know if I ever said 44%, but 40% is what Ive been talking about, and Im not accurate enough to tell you how much above 40%, but our goal is to have operating margins above 40%. This is not non-GAAP.
Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Right, and then in the press release there was the mention of a manufacturing retention grant, what was that, was it for all facilities or select facilities?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That was across the board. Fundamentally, there are issues that we give out to people, and I dont know if retention is accurate as it needed to be, it was a grant given out to all employees based upon on our judgment of those people.
Craig Ellis, Citigroup: So, was that all manufacturing employees?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It was everybody, it wasnt retention in that we were giving it to people to keep them from leaving, and thats what Im trying to say.
Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Okay, got it. And then you talked about your strategy is intact for capital allocation, but can you give us capital expenditure dollars that we should expect this fiscal year and this current quarter?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Were looking at about $200 million for this fiscal year.
Craig Ellis, Citigroup: And split out front end versus back end there?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It was about 65% fab and 35% back end.
Craig Ellis, Citigroup: All right, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Wu from Global Crown Capital, your question please.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: Jack, actually on the subject of the sufficiency measures that youre putting in, I guess you mentioned that during the analyst day. When do you think youll be in full implementation stage? I guess these things get started, some already have gone out so you cant do much about it, but new products you can do these things on. When roughly do you think it will take for the full implementation to be in effect? The reason I raise the question is that as the percentage of new complex products go up pretty sharply over the next couple years, are we doing enough things to catch the natural decline in the gross margins so that we can stop in the low 60s or do we have do even more to stop that? I understand that there are blips like industrial hits this last quarter, which actually penalized your gross margin more than you would have guessed on a secular basis. I was just thinking about a trend line, how long do you think that these new measures have to take effect before we actually can get the efficiency to smooth out these bumps on the gross margin lines?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think David there are two elements: one is products that are already announced, and they are affecting todays revenue in gross margins. The other one, there is probably little less than 100 products that are in development now that are specifically managing so that they do notthese are complex products, 100 complex products, 93 to be precise, that we are managing that will not go out with unacceptable gross margins. That program was not in place when the current products were announced. So, our view is that we will not have products going out in the future beginning virtually now that are outliers that havewhen I say gross margin problems I dont mean that they are 50% gross margin or 55%, I mean that there maybe 15% or 20% gross margin issues, and they got out there because they shouldnt have been introduced at the time. Those controls are in place. Getting to one repair, so to speak, that are out there is a bit more onerous and were doing what we can do. Were reducing cost, were raising prices, were trying to control volumes and what have you. What were doing is already implemented. I think what you were really asking is when will you see an effect, and I think youll see effects going forward.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: Well, of the current products, the percentage that Tunc mentioned was a pretty big number like 18% last year and 25% this fiscal year, obviously not all of these have got problems.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thats exactly right, and if we counted the products that we have that have problems that out there that are material, theres about 20.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: How big a percentage of revenue is that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Those 20 products is about $70 million.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: Annual runrate I assume?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: For a quarter.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: So, these are the problem child issues and youve been either to raise prices or they sort of died a natural death?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, there are three things, they will raise price, they will die a natural death or we will improve the yields, improve the costs, and thats what were working furiously on, all two of those phases. But to give you some idea, we have actually on two or three of those products raised prices to the point where we killed the products. We have done it, so were deadly serious about this David.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: Jack, I was wondering about these rapid grants, how long do you think it will take you tobut if youre in a consumer product and you get these big Japanese and Korean customers, they demand extremely high ramp rates and they ramp down just as fast as they ramp up, and I was wondering, how far are you in this process of adjusting to those ramps?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: First of all let me comment on it. This is the market. If you ask TI or anybody thats a material or an important player in the integrated circuit business, youve got to be doing business, you want to be doing business in these situations, you want these problems. The problems which we have are that we havent managed the profitability and the production reproducibility of these products consistent with these ramp rates, and we know how to do that; I mean weve recently obviously learned what we have to do, but we need to put these products into production so that they can ramp and they can ramp up profitably. I dont know, maybe you have ask me your question again because I kind of rambled on there.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: Okay, we all understand what the process is and all that good stuff, what I guess I was trying to ask you is, how far are we in a learning curve of adapting Maxims manufacturing operation to these kinds of products, rapid ramp up and rapid run down?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, call it a learning curve if you will, but we learned pretty fast. I mean its not any fun to have one of these things go into production and have 30% gross margins and have to build $3 million a quarter of them. They dont have to teach you that lesson very many times, so I think weve learned the damn lessons. I mean I dont were going to sit here and do this anymore. You might want to comment on that Tunc?
Tunc Delugha, Group President: I agree with Jack, I mean youre hearing about some of the problem products, and we actually have ramped a lot of products and havent had a problem in the past. Its not like were doing this the first time. On a few products and especially when we were in new technologies, we had this issue.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thats a good point, I mean hes absolutely correct. We have had these issues in isolated areas. Like we said, the total number of problem products is 20 and the ones that fall into area are less than 20, but we have ramped a lot of products successfully, but we want to ramp them all successfully and thats what we fix so that doesnt happen anymore.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: Fine. I guess the other thing I just want clarification on were some previous comments you folks made. If we look at the end markets they havent really dropped, and if we look at the world economy, thats hasnt gone down the tube either. So, the kind of things that were going through are the sort of things we went through a couple of times in the past, lead time adjustment by customers based on your delivery lead times, is that correct, and it sounded like we got probably another 90 days to go before this thing is ironed out?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer:
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: Yeah, youre not unique.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean, if you remember, we have good backlogs and its a mix issue as far as shipping dollars, but weve probably done as well as anybody has, so I dont want to single this out for undue punishment.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: No, I didnt mean that, but it sounded like there are general comments by different companies that theyre going through this sort of thing, that its probably a six-month affair.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Im not of that opinion yet, Im not sure of that. I dont think its an inventory correction problem, I guess thats where Im coming from.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: What the difference between lead time adjustment and inventory problem?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well lead time adjustment is they place orders on youthey dont have inventory because you havent shipped the orders yet. Its not like we over shipped in or over shipped orders, at least we did not, but we dont think theres any inventory out there; I mean its not an inventory with Maxim.
David Wu, Global Crown Capital: I see the difference, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Katlyn Wilford, your question please. If your phone is muted please un-mute it. Perhaps we just have to wait for that call. Our next question comes from Louis Gerhardy from Morgan Stanley, your question please.
Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. Youve answered a lot questions here, I just wanted to clarify my understanding of a couple issues. On the inventory front, are you saying that in some areas you have too much inventory and in other areas you have too little, and if thats right in the areas where you have too little, can you give us maybe a little more of a granular sense on what some of the specific products are or maybe end markets, however you can answer that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Louis, you analysis is correct. In some areas we had too much inventory and in some areas, where we booked, we didnt have enough inventory, thats accurate. Where we had not enough, its in areas obviously with new products, and they didnt run a ramp in production. The forecast what we booked was more than anticipated and we either didnt have the capacity or the yields to support them, but its as much a customer forecasting issue as it is Maxims issue frankly. These areas were notebooks, cameras, cellphones, it had to do more with the newness of the product and the lack of that accurate projection for it.
Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: And more of the complex products then?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I dont know. Tunc, do you guys want to comment on this?
Tunc Delugha, Group President: I think it depends, I wouldnt say that, I mean they are more visible because they are big, but there are bunch of small products too.
Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then just to understand on the comment about 50 basis points drop in gross margin next quarter, is it fair right now to say most of that drop would be mix driven because you dont yet know how much of an inventory reserve youll need to take?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thats correct, Louis.
Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Okay, and do you have just a thought on your AR DSOs in the December quarter, if that would go up or down or flat?
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I would expect that number to be relatively flat.
Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Okay, thats all I have, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank, your question please.
Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Thank guys, a lot of questions have been asked, so Ill try to make these quick. On the roughly 15% of revenues that you talked about with $70 million per quarter from the kind of 20-problem child areas, how do I compare that 15% to the 18% that Tunc clarified before, if I look at it just straight up it looks like 15%?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: First of all theyre not the same numbers at all. Tuncs 18% is the high integration productTunc said our revenue from high integration product is 18%. I said that we got 20 products that produced about $70 million in revenues that had about a 2% to 3% reduction on gross margins, and not to say that its the same 18%.
Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Okay, so theyre not across all the products, theyre a blend.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Theyre a blend, absolutely.
Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Okay, that helps. And you kind of mentioned about the 2% to 3%, if I think about year-over-year on kind of a non-GAAP basis your gross margin has dropped about 5 points. The fixes youre putting in place to improve the cycle times, get things offshore in they backend quicker, those sorts of things, how many points out of the five dropped do you think you could have avoided had you had this fix in place earlier?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Im going to give you the same number. The number I know is that we have $70 million worth of products that dropped our gross margin by 3 points.
Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Okay, so three out of the five, thats fair enough.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And if I took that to zero, that 3% would go away, so Id have $70 million per quarter less revenue.
Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Okay and then the final question, you spent a lot and valuable time talking about what youre going to do to improve the gross margin. On the OpEx side of things, does that sort of cost discipline fall through? I know youre a big believer in investing for the future and that thats necessary for your growth. If I look to the last rough patch that we went through, it looked like your OpEx grew right through that. What would it take to have OpEx either remain flat or go down, or is it one of those things that you just want to invest for the future?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Is the question on we going to increase our operating expense?
Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: What would it take for OpEx to come down, youre focusing a lot on gross margin, is there something that you believe you can do on the OpEx side or are you completely comfortable with the investments youre making there?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, were not planning to reduce our below-the-line spending. Im not sure Im following your question Ross. Do you want to handle that?
Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: May another way to put it. If things remain tough from a bookings perspective heading into the first quarter, do you believe that actions could be taken on the OpEx side of things?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We did do some things in the second quarter to moderate some of the below-the-line spending, but the fact in the first quarter we hired 102 engineers and in this quarter well probably reduce that hiring plan materially in this quarter. Short of knowing whats going to happen with bookings, I mean thats a very day-to-day thing and we could change that thought tomorrow if bookings pick back up, but we are controlling spending right now, Ross, if thats your question.
Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Yeah, that was basically what I got.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are definitely controlling spending until we see how this quarters bookings go.
Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Piper Jaffray, your question please.
Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: Yes, good afternoon, a couple of questions. First of all, there are a lot of questions on the high integrated products, could you just remind me why its so important to track that percentage, it doesnt seem like it impacts gross margins, Im just wondering why thats so important.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We pointed out why its important that we need to manage them differently, thats one of the reasons we track them. We need to manage their execution more carefully and at higher levels both internally with Maxim and with the customer. And for us to track the percentage I think that number was generated because we wanted to tell you how much of our effort was going in that direction.
Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: Okay. The other question is, it seems like every time we get to one or two quarters with double digits, sequential increases in bookings, two or there quarters later we see a decline in bookings. Do you think thats sort of what the rule of the world is these days or any reason to think otherwise?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I cant answer that question any better than the rest of us here or you. I think bookings are modulated by excess inventories and by customer expectations. When they believe things are going good for them, they book heavily and when theyre a little concerned, they back off, and if they get inventories they back off further. But I think its relatively normal to have a down quarter every few quarters. As you point out, historically it happens so it must be normal.
Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: Its just that they used to be more sustainable before, thats okay. The final question is
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me say one more thing. In our business I think two things are going on: one is theyre operating with less capacity and they are less willing to waste inventories, so I think you find supply less available today than you maybe did in the past, and therefore you find customers that are more aggressive in order to get supply; I mean we were hearing last quarter to a quarter and a half ago about the fabs where the foundries were on allocation and the assembly houses were on allocation. So, I think that theres more volatility in the supply side.
Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: And thats also why bookings from a percent probably are less relevant now than what they used to be. The other question I had is on visibility. I know you cant comment on the first half or the March quarter, but when do you start to get a feel of whether thats going to be a good quarter or not, could you start to see some of those signs towards the end of the year or do we have to wait until January?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: In the quarter, were in?
Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: No, Im thinking about the March quarter, so do we have wait until January before we get a good feel about that quarter or could you start to see some signs already in November or December?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have no idea, Tore. When we saw the size of the fourth quarter bookings I think everybody said Jesus, is this going to tell us that the next quarter is down or slower. I mean in hindsight you could clearly come to that conclusion. I have no way to predict what the March is going to be other than our shipped demand, and our shipped demand forecast projects that there is going to be growth in the coming quarters.
Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: Okay, and last question. You talked a lot about mix and I understand thats very important, but is it also safe to say that its not a Maxims execution problem but its also end market based where a lot of the units being driven in the last couple of quarters has been lower ASP units?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Mix is mostly due to the fact that we didnt book the right mix of the high margin stuff, and then the other issue is the stuff that we did book, some of it had cost problems.
Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: Okay, so there was actually a demand for those high margin products but you just werent there at the right time?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, there has been a slow down; I mean last quarter bookings on higher margin products slowed down.
Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: And thats my point, its not something necessarily you can control, its more the end markets, especially areas like communication and industrial slowing down.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Controlling is our responsibility, I guess
Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: No, Im just trying to understand where the issue is coming from, but thats fair, thanks a lot Jack.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ramesh Misra from CE Unterberg.
Ramesh Misra, CE Unterberg: Good afternoon, Jack. My question was related to industrial, and Im sorry if Im asking for stuff you might have already said before, how much was it in the quarter very roughly, and without looking into guidance for the first half of next year, traditionally thats been a business area that tends to pick up for you, fundamentally or on a secular basis are there any signs why you should not seeing that this time around?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: See what this time around?
Ramesh Misra, CE Unterberg: Strength in industrial in the first half of 07.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, industrial went up from the second quarter to the fourth quarter of 06, we had 20% growth in industrial, and the industrial market dropped was off 18% or 19% this quarter. I think that was due to overbooking maybe in the third quarter and fourth quarter, but I cant prove that, I dont have any basis for that, I mean I dont know what the second quarter is going to look like in industrial, and I dont have any way to answer your question actually.
Ramesh Misra, CE Unterberg: Okay, I think in the past the automated test equipment arena had been an important part of your business, is that still a fairly important portion of your business?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Its really not that big. We may have mislead you there, you know the automated test portion of our business is 2% or 3% of our business, so its not very big, and it was down 8% or 9% last quarter, but its not a big percentage of our business.
Ramesh Misra, CE Unterberg: Okay, great, thats all that I had, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is a followup from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America Securities.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: Jack, I had a question on the issue as it relates to mix versus the bookings that youre getting from your customers. I want to understand really what is the big challenge there especially given your comment that it wasnt only relegated to the newer more complex products, I mean youve been involved in the standard analog business for a while, what has really changed in terms of the issue of forecasting?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, whats changed is the idea of general purpose products that many, many customers use, so theres an averaging effect when you build product. If somebody doesnt buy, somebody else will. Most of the products today whether theyre complex or simple are application specific, so if there arent not 10,000 customers there maybe 3 or 4 customer or 5 customers for that particular product. And when they predict incorrectly what they need, you get designed in and they now go into production, like the iPods I told you beforeIm using iPod just as a name, its not the real story, not really the Apple iPodbut these products are projected to be 500,000 a quarter opportunity and they end up being 3 million, and thats a real example. I mean these customers just dont know. All of the Japanese companies, anybody thats in a consumer related business, retail business including the notebook computer guys, they dont have a good idea of what their consumption is going to be. So, if youre not able to ramp that product or have excess inventory of it, you cant respond. Short of having a general purpose product that you just build and put an inventory and thousands of companies use the same device, youre going to have these out of mix issues. We may talk about them more than others, but these are not unique to Maxim.
Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue at this time, Id like to turn the program back to you.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, operator. Well, this concludes Maxims conference call and we would like to thank you for your continued participation and interest in Maxim.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program, you may now disconnect, good day.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-08-04 18:15:00) =====
Executives: Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer   Jack Gifford, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer   Tunc Doluca, Vice President   Pirooz Parvarandeh, Vice President
Analysts: Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers   Craig Hettenbach, Wachovia Securities   Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray   Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank   Ramesh Misra, C.E. Unterberg   Mona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs   Steve Smigie, Raymond James   Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse   Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch   Tom Thornhill, UBS   Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair   Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America   David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital   Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley   Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities   Craig Ellis, Citigroup
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products fourth quarter 2006 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I will turn the call over to Mr. Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Jasper, please go ahead.
(There is a technical difficulty with audio for much of the first portion of the call.) :
 Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Operator. Again, welcome to our fiscal fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. With me on the call today are Jack Gifford, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and our two group Presidents Tunc Doluca, and Pirooz Parvarandeh; also on the call today are Alan Hale, Vice President of Dallas Semiconductor; and Paresh Maniar, our Director of Investor Relations. There are some administrative items that I would like to take care of before we cover our results. First we will be making forward-looking statements on this call, and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I would like to remind you that statements we make about the future including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future including, but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency and capacity, projected end market consumption of our products and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use the words like anticipate, believe, projects, forecasts, plan, or estimate or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Additional information about risk and is uncertainties associated with the Company's business are contained in the Company's SEC filings on Form 10-Q for the year ended June 25, 2005. Copies can be obtained from the Company or the SEC. Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirements we have made time available for a question and answer period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for next quarter, an operator will provide instructions at that time. I will begin today's call by commenting on our financial performance before handing the call over to Jack, Tunc, and Pirooz for their guidance on end markets, strategy, and guidance for Q1 of FY 2007.
(The call continues with the speakers mostly inaudible. There is a pause to adjust technical issues on the call. The speakers then start over from the results portion.):
Operator: I would now like the turn the program back to Mr. Jasper. Please go ahead, sir.
Carl Jasper: Thank you, Operator. I apologize for that technical problem. I will pick up again where I start talking about the results. Net revenues for Q4 were a record $511 million, up 6.8% from Q3 and up 27.5% from the same quarter last year. Net income excluding stock based compensation was $159 million, up 6.9% from Q3 and up 25.9% from Q4 of fiscal 2005. Gross turns orders during Q4 were $251 million of which 166 million was shipped for revenues within the quarter. For comparison purposes, turns for Q3 were 245 million of which 161 million was shipped for revenues within Q3. Our twelve-month backlog grew to $429 million at the end of Q4 from 401 million at the end of Q3. Our beginning 90-day backlog for Q1 is $366 million dollars compared to the beginning 90-day backlog for Q4 of $346 million. Regarding profit measures, please noted that in our press release we have disclosed both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. Non-GAAP results differ from the GAAP results by the amount of total stock based compensation expense calculated in accordance with financial accounting standards 123-R. Our tax rate for Q4 was 32.7% consistent with prior quarters. We expect our tax rate to increase to 33.7% for FY 2007 as the old tax deduction for extra territorial income is being eliminated and replaced with a deduction for domestic production that is being phased in over several years. The tax rate for Q1 may vary from our annual rate by plus or minus 1% depending on the sentence and the President's decision to retro actively reinstate the R&D tax credit in Q1. I will now highlight a few of our balance sheet items. Accounts receivable grew $33 million during the quarter to 293 million. Our day sales outstanding or DSO grew from 49 days to 52 days as a result of alarger share of the quarter's shipments occurring later in the quarter. Our inventories grew $3 million during Q4, ending at 207 million. Inventory days improved from 119 days in Q3 to 110 days in Q4. Inventories at our distributors are turning 7 to 8 times on an annual basis consistent with prior quarters. At the end of Q4 cash and short-term investments totaled $1.3 billion unchanged from Q3. Regarding the use of cash, we utilized $76.7 million to repurchase 2.4 million shares of our common stock and paid out $40.2 million in dividends during Q4. As we had forecasted in our last conference call, fourth quarter capital spending did increase. We purchased $121 million worth of property and equipment and paid 100 million in Q4. Significant portion of these capital expenditures went towards expanding our fab capacity in anticipation of expected continued growth in FY 2007. We have previously issued press releases derivative lawsuits filed against certain former and current officers and directors alleging wrongful back dating of stock option to say certain officers and inquiries by the SEC and the U.S. attorney into our past option granting practices. Due to the legal constraints, we will not be making any additional comments on this issue either during the prepared remarks or in the Q&A portion of this conference call. I will now hand the call over to Jack to provide additional highlights.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Carl. In our latest quarter we crossed the $0.5 billion revenue threshold for the first time. Also our fourth quarter earnings before option expensing exceeded the peak quarter we had in 2000 and 2001 by 41%. This was higher growth rate than our comparable competitive companies in the mixed-signal analog business. Our FY 2006 non-GAAP EPS have grown at a compound rate of 24% since 2002 and we're proud of that. Looking at the current quarter or the recently past quarter Q4, our non-GAAP gross margins came in at 68.1%, but this included a $2.5 million one-time benefit or 0.5% due to a settlement with one of our suppliers. Excluding this credit, our gross margin would have been 67.6%. The drop quarter over quarter of gross margin was attributed to two factors, the first one was a 0.8% drop due to a mixed change as Maxim continues to execute its long range plan to grow the top line of high volume products. These high volume products have lower gross margins when compared to our historical mix. We completely believe in our strategy that will enable us to expand our business at above industry growth rates as we provide more highly integrated solutions to our customers. We believe that this rate of decline also going forward will be moderated, this decline due to our product mix. The second factor affecting our gross margins last quarter was a 0.6% drop due to unfavorable manufacturing variances attributed to our fabs which missing their plans in Q3 and as a result this was due to the fact that as you know we've been aggressively installing equipment and capacity and this interferes with the production process when it is done within the same manufacturing fab. We've also been transferring two very important new processes from R&D into production also within the same production fabs, and we have a 6 inch to 8 inch conversion of wafers going on in our Beaverton fab. We believe this trend will be reversed as these three activities are completed and we expect that our fabs will positively contribute to our gross margins in future considers. Operating expenses including stock option expense were 24.1% down from 24.9% in Q3 and 27% in the same quarter a year ago. These expenses continue to increase at a rate slower than our sales growth. Operating margins including stock based compensation expense were 44% unchanged from the previous quarter. We're one of few companies in the world that produce operating margins at this 40% level, our level of revenue. EPS excluding stock based compensation was $0.48 per share up 7% from $0.45 last quarter and up 30% from the same period a year ago. I know that you may be interested in comparing our GAAP earnings to those of our competitors, but to compare apples to apples, one needs to take into account that some of our competitors accelerated the vesting of their out of the money options. Had we done so, our stock based compensation expense would have been $0.04 per share smaller in Q4 and $0.15 per share smaller for the fiscal year that just ended. During Q4 we recorded $557 million of gross bookings, a 4% increase over the previous quarter. This translates to $531 million of realizable bookings, the difference being that the realizable bookings are adjusted for ship and debit which are credits our distributors receive and also adjusted for returns and other price allowances. We expect Q1 revenues to say range between 1 and 3% above our fourth quarter level. At that level of sales we expect to produce non-GAAP earnings of $0.48. This would exclude the impact of the changes that Carl talked about regarding our tax rate and also the unknown impact of expenses associated with auditing our option grant practices and other than normal legal costs. At our analyst meeting at the end of May we had presented a slide that showed the quarterly revenue for the past four years which I just alluded to, and that is a trend line along which the revenue growth over this period has occurred, our strong revenue increases over the last three quarters has put us over this trend line. The seasonally weaker bookings in the summer months will adjust the revenue toward this trend line during Q3. We expect, however, Q4 revenue to reflect customer manufacturing bills for the year in holiday season and spending associated with that. Barring a slowdown in the economy we expect revenue growth in FY 2007 as a whole to be at or above our four-year trend line. During the past year we've introduced a number of ground breaking products, and many of these with high levels of integration, our level of integration is increasing quarterly. To provide a commentary on end market activity and key products that we've introduced in Q4, that were designed to deal with these specific customer needs, I would like the turn the call over now to our two Presidents, Tunc and Pirooz. Tunc.
Tunc Doluca, Vice President: Good morning. I want to emphasize again that the diversity of our end markets reduces Maxim's sensitivity to demand fluctuations in any single end application. Furthermore, the breadth of our mixed signal cell library makes us the IC supplier of choice when customers seek a source for highly integrated solutions that allow them to produce horrible products that have even more features than their earlier generation offerings. For six straight quarters now we have achieved booking increases. During Q4 the primary contributors to our sequential bookings improvements were the cell phone, network, and datacom, base station, industrial, and GPS end markets. I will now describe and go into some of the exciting and equipment opportunities and a sampling of new products we've introduced during Q4 from the portable computing and instrumentation electronics group for which I am responsible. We introduced a full bridge controller to drive fuse electric transformers to light up liquid crystal displays in ultra thin mobile personal computers providing a highly reliable, compact, efficient, and cost effective back lighting solution. For point-of-load power solutions and networking graphics and servers we added an 8 amp output step down regulator with on chip power switches to our portfolio and furthermore two of these can easily be interleaved for 16 amp applications. We introduced a digitally configurable anti-error reducing filter with a 3 to 1 video multi-plexer and buffer for standard and more importantly high definition television as well as computer display formats and set-top boxes. This is the first device to enable optimization of video quality and also noise reduction. Maxim's new third generation highly integrated power management chips will power the third generation of Intel's ex scale microprocessors for smart phones. Maxim has the leading market share for powering these processors. One of our Dallas business units newest embedded microcontroller battery capacity monitor provides a cryptographic security and charging protection in a tiny package. This solution gives users 15% more runtime especially in smart phone applications compared to conventional solutions. Also Maxim's latest offerings for digital still camera and digital video camera markets will further increase our market share as the world's leading supplier of highly integrated power supply products for these markets. These three new products or six output devices and offer complete power management for lithium rechargeable or double A primary cell powered cameras. Again for the same market one of our Dallas business units new four loose cell nickel metal hydrate charges virtually eliminate the most common mistake which is the charging of alkaline cells. Our proprietary electronic profile identification and charge prohibition of alkaline batteries was a key to this feature. For base stations, Maxim's new digitally controlled variable gain amplifier completes our direct conversion transmit chain. The 65% cost and 50% space savings enable next generation GSM edge design with our complete lineup of digital analog converters, RF modulators, and amplifiers. As to the sampling of our recent design wins, our battery management fuel gauge products won sockets at major Japanese and Taiwanese customers in portable music player and smart phone applications respectively, amounting to several million per year of revenue. With our cell phone and smart phone high integration power management chips, we won designs at a leading U.S. smart phone maker and multiple platforms at the two leading Korean cell phone makers. These wins add up to tens of millions of dollars of annual revenue as well. We won multiple million dollar awards of high integration power management chip sockets at two major digital still camera makers in Japan. Mass production will start later in this year. A major power system chip design was also on in another leading Japanese consumer electronics customer portable latest music player also going into production later this year. Additionally we have been extremely successful in our advance microdevices relationship. Their notebook computer reference designs are exclusively powered by Maxim chips and this is transmitting to virtually a 100% win ratio at our customers using AMD microprocessor chipsets. Furthermore, our recruiting efforts are also going very well. We started two new design centers in Asia, and are pursuing several additional locations. These latest additions brought our worldwide design center count to 31. I will now hand over the call to Pirooz to discuss developments in his business unit. Pirooz?
Pirooz Parvarandeh, Vice President: Thank you. Good morning. As Tunc noted in his remarks, I also see exciting growth opportunities consist of automotive electronics, point of sale from financial terminals, handsets, and personal media players to name a few. I would like to take a few minutes to describe some of the recent product introductions that serve these segments. In the preceding quarter we introduced the industry's first comprehensive security battery backup controller for data and key protection and point of sale terminals. This highly integrated device replaces as many as 40 components used in these financial transaction terminals to detect and react to physical tamper attempts. Proprietary on board memory structure provides an even higher level of protection to extremely sensitive information such as encryption keys. For the worldwide communications network, one of the most critical elements is timing, accuracy and synchronization. We have introduced a product that provides this critical timing and synchronization function for the communications network. This product is the most highly integrated and sophisticated timing element for the stringent central office applications. It integrates the full functionality and performance of a timing card into a single IC. For the notebook market we introduced the industry's first windows Vista compliant stereo Class A B speaker amplifier with direct drive, head phone amplifiers, Maxim's patented direct drive technology eliminates the costly and bulky DC blocking capacitors that are normally required for driving head phones, the performance of this product exceeds all the Vista specs by a comfortable margin and simplifies the system design. For cell phones, portable GPS systems, and personal media players, we introduced the industry's first complete portable stereo Codec that integrates direct drive headphone amplifiers and high efficiency class D amplifiers on a single chip. Maxim's proprietary class D technology substantially reduces the electromagnetic emissions that are inherent to all Class D amplifiers. This reduction in emissions eliminates costly external components and simplifies the design tack for our customers. In the automotive market, there is an increasing interest in using high brightness LED's for interior and exterior lighting. We introduced the industry's first high brightness LED drivers with E2 full programmable fold back current. This family combines the simplicity of linear drivers while maintaining some of the benefits of a switch mode driver. This approach lowers the solution cost, eliminates the electromagnetic interference inherent in switch mode converters and eliminates the need for a microcontroller. We have also had many design wins and I will give you some examples of those. Our quick pop suppressor IC has design wins at several significant MP3 player makers. This product suppresses audible clicks and pops when a handheld device is powered off and off. It is the only product of its kind on the market. We've also had significant design wins or Voicer over IP enabled phones that are powered over Ethernet. This product integrates a PWM controller and power ethernet PD interface. It offers a high level integration, lower volume costs, and high efficiency. During the fast fiscal year we've achieved TS 16949 certification. That not only gives us entry into the automotive market but also establishes Maxim's credibility with customers in the other end markets. As you can see from the various examples that have been given, Maxim's broad product offerings address many needs within these growing and exciting segments. Our close partnership with equipment manufacturers who are leaders and innovators within their fields coupled with our word class design capability, state of the art process and packaging technologies, allow us to bring to market products that are optimized to meet the needs of our customers. I will hand the call over now to Carl.
Carl Jasper: Thank you Pirooz. That ends our prepared comments. We will now welcome your questions. Operator, will you please poll for questions?
Questions and Answers:
Operator:
Operator Instructions.:
Q - Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Jack, are you saying that Maxim over shipped consumption in the June quarter?
A - Jack Gifford: I think we shipped about consumption levels. I could check that for you on our ship demand.
Q - Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers: I am trying to get a feel for the guidance of 1-3% growth. Perhaps you can just give us a feel for your customers. Do you think they're placing orders below what their run rates are?
A - Jack Gifford: To answer your first question, the ship demand calculated for Q4 was about 511 million. We're projecting the demand being over 560 in the next quarter. Now, that's what they consume. As I talked about, the June and July months were basically slow, kind of a lull period which probably sets up more accelerated bookings in August or September, maybe October. Whether we can react to those within that quarter is problematical. We have again the same issue we had last quarter which is the fact that the customers are actually moving in there lead times on us. They're giving us less time to respond. I think it went in a week Tunc was telling me, right, Tunc.
A - Tunc Doluca: Yes. It went in about a week towards the end of last quarter.
A - Jack Gifford: Which is about $40 million worth of bookings which would probably reflect that.
A - Tunc Doluca: That is correct.
A - Jack Gifford: At any rate, that's making it more difficult for us to react to turns. We went into the quarter, into this quarter with more backlog than we had last quarter. Our ability to turn we don't think is going to be any better.
Q - Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers: Would you expect to ship a lower percentage of turns than this quarter?
A - Jack Gifford:
Q - Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers: So you guys are expecting some level of consumer build in the September quarter, it just sounds like maybe it is starting a little lighter than what you would typically see this time of year?
A - Jack Gifford: I don't think it is actually starting any later. It doesn't unfortunately line up with all of our quarter ends. It turns out to be an August  September - October build.
Q - Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers: Maybe a longer term question for Tunc, you talk about diversity, providing stability in the business. The idea of putting more engineering man months at a single project I guess looks significant because of the levels of integration you would sweep up, for example, in like a camera, but it does seem like those would be higher risk projects. My question is does the velocity of sales and profit growth increase over time for Maxim because of this strategy and how do you mitigate the risk of potentially squandering resources.
A - Tunc Doluca: This is Tunc. I would like to take that. So far in the particular markets you mentioned the amount of analysis we put in has actually paid off very well, paid off I would almost say better than some of the general purpose products we put it into. Remember that our strategy there is not to invent everything from scratch. What we still have and continue to do is produce very high performance building block products, and our integration tasks are essentially putting those things together. It is not an enormous amount of engineering we spent on one of these high integration, for example, power management product you mentioned for the camera market. I think the return on those is extremely well.
A - Jack Gifford: I know Pirooz wants to comment too, but let me get my two cents in here and then Pirooz will give you his view, too. The other thing, there are projects when we're entering new markets where we don't have a foothold or we have to create new cells, that can be very laborious. We have a couple of markets like that. One is the camera imaging market, another one is the digital television market. We've had to invest hundreds of man months to get to create the technical IP, and so there is both extremes, but I think Tunc is more correct than I. If we wanted to give you an accurate weighting, it is more his what he is talking about than what I am. Mine is a much smaller percentage. I think Tunc had some numbers he gave a month or two ago that showed that about 35% of our products are of that level of complexity, and so I think I agree that it is pretty efficient overall.
A - Pirooz Parvarandeh: This is Pirooz speaking. One other thing to note obviously as a company we have instituted a lot of different management systems to make sure that we mitigate the risk of these higher design content projects. So those are getting a lot of scrutiny. There is a lot of sophisticated and very detailed methodology that we pursue to make sure that we are optimizing the use of our engineering resources and we're not squandering it as you had mentioned. I think that's clearly something we pay a lot of attention to as well.
A - Jack Gifford: Your question is a good one. Because that is exactly the thing we're focusing on. There is definitely risk of squandering engineering, doing work and having not resulted in anything. We're acutely aware of that, and I think that's been basically the downfall and the bad name that large chips have, they're not efficient. They historically have not been efficient to design. They've missed markets and things like that. We understand that, and we're neurotic about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach from Wachovia Securities.
Q - Craig Hettenbach, Wachovia Securities: On the manufacturing side it looks like there's been a couple instances with the variance with the last few quarters. Can you give us any visibility as to when you expect that to be cleaned up in manufacturing?
A - Jack Gifford: I can't. I made a general statement because it is very hard to pin it down to a quarter. I can pin it down to an event. We're ramping all of our fabs so that we can react to our expectations for not only FY 2007, but FY 2008 revenues, and that means we continuously have to install capacity, and we're having to do it in fabs that are running production, and this is the same people that are running production are also involved qualifying this equipment and that sort of thing. It is a disruptive process, and I really hope that I am not coming across as saying blaming saying that our fabs are not running well or they're incompetent. That's not the case at all. We're asking them to do some things which is not abnormal, but these inefficiencies come with that territory. Having said all of that, we believe that we are going to be through these process installations and the 6 inch conversion issue in the next two quarters. We also have installed - well, we haven't qualified it but we installed most of the equipment that we need to, to get through the FY 2007 year, so I expect it to abate. I expect the efficiencies to improve. The disruption I expect to abate in the next couple quarters.
Q - Craig Hettenbach, Wachovia Securities: As a follow-up, you mentioned that in order to meet turns business, maybe can you give some examples of some areas where inventory might be too light or end markets where you're seeing demand that whether you just don't have the mix shift or it is coming in stronger than you would expect? Any particular end markets?
A - Tunc Doluca: Well, this is Tunc again. We are seeing large growth like in the cell phone market would be one of them. As you know, that's a market that even our customers have difficulty forecasting, and a lot of changes in that, and we're also in a lot of new platforms which are ramping, so that's the one that I personally am most concerned about.
A - Pirooz Parvarandeh: This is Pirooz. I would echo the same statements. I think in these fast growth markets like the cell phone market, especially in cases where we have gotten new design wins, and those design wins are ramping up. There is many examples of those, and there is not really any historical basis for that for those shipments. These are essentially new products that are ramping up. That's where we need to react quickly and it doesn't come out of inventory necessarily. It has got to come from new starts.
A - Jack Gifford: Let me give you one dramatic example, and again please don't take it out of context. The extreme of the force of what he is talking about is the other day Pirooz was discussing with me this new product that they've developed and it really has just been introduced, and he's talking about he may have to respond and build 100 million of those in the next 10 or 12, not 10 or 12, 13 or 14 months. So this is the kind of stuff. This is exciting, and they're opportunities, but again, these are big numbers, and so we have to probably do that behind before we start with that product, wouldn't you say, Pirooz?
A - Pirooz Parvarandeh: Yes. I think our customers give us visibility to the extent that they can and it is a matter of balancing the risk versus the reward, but we try to do what we can to meet our customer's requirements. Those requirements are very dynamic. That's really where we may fall short because it is so dynamic.
A - Jack Gifford: We're in new platforms, and we're in new equipment, and that's exciting, and that means we're making a contribution to these customers, but we have a also a responsibility to try to meet their delivery schedules, but these equipments ramp. This is not 1970 or 1980 where you had a year to get a product into production. These are exciting things, and they're big. It is hard to have. It is hard to have inventories.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tore Svanberg from Piper Jaffray.
Q - Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: Good morning. A couple of questions. Jack, could you talk a little bit about how bookings have fared so far in this current quarter?
A - Jack Gifford: Can I? I really don't think we should. We said we were going to stop doing that. What I did say, though, Tore was that June and July tend to be slower months, and they were.
Q - Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: Do you also have a ship demand number for FY 2007?
A - Jack Gifford: Yes. It is $2.4 million or billion  hang on a minute. It is $2.36 billion.
Q - Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: Great. Finally do you also have the cancelation number for the quarter?
A - Jack Gifford: Yes, I happen to remember that one. It was 11 million, about 2%, 11 million, about exactly what we had last quarter.
Q - Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Q - Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Jack, you gave good color to us on what the gross margin trend is going to do in breaking out the manufacturing side versus the long-term strategic side of things. Can you give us an idea where you think the gross margin filters down to you given the long-term strategy side of the equation and then as far as the next couple quarters, do you expect that floor to be reached during that time or just how do we gauge the comments you had about moderating declines from the long-term strategy?
A - Jack Gifford: If I had better words I would have used them, Ross. My personal view is that I do think that they will reach this floor in the next couple of quarters. As best we can figure out is that we expect to see a couple of tenths, two to three tenths per quarter due to mixed change maybe, that kind of rate of decline, but there is so many things coming into the equation like our manufacturing efficiencies are going to get much better. That's going to moderate that. We have new products that, well, it is just so hard to tell what new products are going to ramp and what levels and which ones aren't. We have some product that is are just killing our gross margin now that are very strategic to us because they're cores that will create follow-on products that are going to be attractive to us, but we're obligated to continue to supply these products, and they're hurting us, and those will reach end of life, and so this is a lot going on is the problem with answering the question in any sort of more quantitative way.
Q - Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Is there anything in those core products that you believe are strategic going forward that when you get the manufacturing adjusted either to different processes, larger wafers, et cetera, that the cost structure on those new products will drop significantly?
A - Jack Gifford: You know, Ross, Pirooz I will I am sure want to comment on this. That has definitely happened. The costs go down. The other thing that happens, and I am not saying that it is a practice around here, but when you get into a new piece of equipment and you're not in that segment at all, and you have some technology that the customer wants, you're usually having to give him a price concession that you wouldn't want to give or normally give that he will require that, not in all cases but in the cases that I am thinking about, you do, and you under price the product. Now, it is dramatic in some cases because your core, your follow-on derivative products, you're shipping those at 40% higher gross margins, but you sometimes have to buy in if that's what you want to call it, have you to buy into the business. Because you're the new guy on the street. Yet another customer for that same core technology, that business is good business.
A - Pirooz Parvarandeh: This in Pirooz. Let me add to what Jack said. I think with any new product, especially products that are highly sophisticated and also entering markets where the ramp rates are very fast, you have two combinations, the fast ramp rate and the fact that the product is sophisticated. What that means is that during the initial months and quarters of shipments, the yields on the products and things of that sort are probably not as well understood as they should be, and it takes some amount of time to really understand that and take corrective action, and all of these things that we've looked at in those particular products are actually very manageable and it is not like an incur mountable barrier. They are manageable, but it takes time to get the yields improved and the cost structure to where it needs to be. It is a combination of new products, sophisticated products, potentially some on new technologies and fast ramping that affects all of these things.
Q - Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: One follow-up on the gross margin side of things. If we start from the pro forma 676 that you did in Q4 excluding the one-time gain, and we think about that 20 to 30-basis point drop because the long-term strategy per quarter going forward, what's the delta we should think about when you get the manufacturing efficiencies aligned? I guess in this quarter you talked about it being about 60bps if I remember right. The prior quarter was roughly about the same. Are we talking 0.5 point benefit when you get it working, is it 2 points, any color you can give on the magnitude there would be very helpful.
A - Jack Gifford: I can't give you color on that. I can talk and ramble about it. The manufacturing efficiency, that one, that would be a material improvement. There is also these other products that are coming into the mix. It would be not to anybody's best interests for me to give you that number. I am not hedging it. It is just we think we're on our plan. We think we're not concerned with it, but there are these prohibitions that occur, and there will be quarter to quarter fluctuations, so we're not concerned, we believe we're on our plan and what's happening is normal.
Q - Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank: Then the last question, Jack, you mentioned about FY 2007 that you are on plan to hit a revenue growth rate that was in line with our recent or last five year trend I think is roughly how you characterized it. What is that trend line as percentage growth?
A - Jack Gifford: Well, the trend line I referred to is the trend line , the historical line that we showed at this May analyst meeting, and it was a four-year trend line of revenue growth of 17% and profit growth of about 24%. Is that generally right? What was the profit? That was the trend line I was referring to.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ramesh Misra from C.E. Unterberg.
Q - Ramesh Misra, C.E. Unterberg: A question for Tunc, you had mentioned that you have a leading market share in powering the X scale processors. With Marvel's portion are of that business and Marvel having previously talked about pursuing power management, what can you say about your retention of market share over there?
A - Tunc Doluca: Well, our plan is that once things kind of settle down, we will discuss issues with Marvel and see if we can work together. I think we can because we do have better technologies to make these products. In the end it will come as the result of our discussions with them which have not occurred to this date.
Q - Ramesh Misra, C.E. Unterberg: Is it a material portion of your revenues at this point?
A - Tunc Doluca: I wouldn't say it is that material.
Q - Ramesh Misra, C.E. Unterberg: All right. Okay. Then, Jack, can you talk about your FY 2007 capex plans? I guess they've been pretty stable in the past. But looks like there are a lot of projects under way.
A - Jack Gifford: There are. They're all tied to our revenue expectations for 2007 and for 2008, and as you know, these plans are plans we say we're going to grow significantly in those two years, and so we're putting wafer fab and test capacity in place to do that, and we would expect that we'll be spending about as much in 2007 as we did in 2006 which is in the cusp, in between $150-200 million.
Q - Ramesh Misra, C.E. Unterberg: Okay. Then finally, in the past you've talked about orders by end markets. Can you kind of at least qualitatively talk about orders trends in the different segments.
A - Tunc Doluca: This is Tunc again. I will take that. In terms of orders trend, I mentioned the ones that were significantly up, and those were cell phone, network datacom, base station, industrial, and GPS. In general we were up on the 20 that we tracked, we're up on 10. We were flat on about 3, and I would say down on about 8, so that's kind of a general picture.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs.
Q - Mona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Just to follow-up and apologize if I missed it. Just when I had first taken a look at your increase in backlog and bookings, I would have expected slightly higher guidance and I just wanted to understand again maybe the couple of reasons why it is a little bit slower. Was it was mostly because of the slowdown in June and July or is it anything in the end markets, anything in inventory, if you can just help clarify that.
A - Jack Gifford: That's correct. The June and July months were slower than the previous months, and slower than we expected the months going forward, but the problem is it doesn't give us, since we're not able to turn product that quickly, we're concerned about being able to react to the August/September orders, and that's largely it. Going into the quarter we've got, a $20 million bigger backlog, but we're anticipating that we will, we're not going to be able to turn any better because of the mix issue, and then we didn't really book at the level of June and July which wasn't surprising to us, so it is really having backlog to work on, I think that's the biggest reason for our uncertainty or conservativeness, whatever you want to call it.
Q - Mona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay. Because I thought also you made the comment that you think you will be able to turn the same percent of your bookings, so is it that you think the bookings that come in during the quarter are going to be maybe not as high as they have been let's say in April, May time frame?
A - Jack Gifford: We don't know, but we're trying to plan ahead. We don't want to plan on something that we're not certain of. We would rather plan on a conservative basis, so I think that's an accurate statement, yes. We're in a wait and see mode. We expect August and September to be good booking months, but even if they are, with June and July being slow, it puts us in a tough position to react.
Q - Mona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay. That makes sense. And then just to clarify another comment made earlier I think by Carl, that distributor turns were consistent with prior quarters at 7 to 8 times. Just wanted to get a little more specific as far as the actual increase in distributor inventories in an absolute basis if you have that number.
A - Jack Gifford: Well, let me just tell you what I know and then Carl can give you more information if he knows, if he has better information, but our distributor business was up every where but in the U.S. U.S. was down, but every where else it was up, and our inventories went down relative to the resales. In other words, we sold overall more than we shipped to them. Now, Carl, you might want to clarify that.
A - Carl Jasper: I think Jack is right. Again, our inventories are really fairly stable. They jump around a little bit between quarter over quarter, but again that's why the annual turns of 7 and 8 times have been pretty consistent throughout this last fiscal year.
Q - Mona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: You shipped less to distributors than they shipped out so you think on an absolute basis inventories declined.
A - Jack Gifford: We know that. We had an adjustment, a reserve adjustment down because of that.
Q - Mona Jankowski, Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James.
Q - Steve Smigie, Raymond James: Thank you. Steve Smigie. I was hoping you guys could comment a little bit on what direction you're going with the hiring you've done, in terms of what end markets you tend to focus on.
A - Tunc Doluca: Can you repeat that. This is Tunc.
Q - Steve Smigie, Raymond James: I was just curious with the hiring you have done, is there any particular end markets you guys are focused on, portable applications, handsets, for example?
A - Tunc Doluca: I would say it is pretty uniform. We've done hiring, if you'll look at these last two design centers we established they're more focused on handsets and high-end consumer, but we've had hiring in many other segments as well. Pirooz, maybe you can comment as well.
A - Pirooz Parvarandeh: We've had hiring in other segments. Some of the other segments besides the consumer oriented segments, the segments that target networking equipment there is a variety of products that we sell into those applications. Our hiring is really intended to focus on where we see opportunities, and I think we see opportunities in many, many different segments. It is not just consumer oriented segments. It is across the board.
Q - Steve Smigie, Raymond James: Okay. And along those lines, is there specific type of product for example power versus amplifier that matters or is your integrating so much together that it is sort of not the right way to think about it any more.
A - Jack Gifford: It is across the map and board. We have, like for instance this quarter we're trying to hire three, almost 300 people, almost 100 design engineers and if I look at I've got in front of me, if I look at where they are, they're every where. Every field that we're in wants to hire 10 people, and so it is just extremely broad. Remember, we've got 71 product lines, and virtually there is not an equipment market we're not in. From amplifier designers to microcontroller, software and hardware guys, literally every field. Nobody is meeting their hiring goals. We did pretty good last quarter. I think overall the Company hired like 70 people, 70 in professional and below the line. Yes. We hired about 70 people below the line last quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Masdea from Credit Suisse. Your question, please.
Q - Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: Jack, I think you made it pretty clear your whole strategy about going after high volume and could be sacrifice in the gross margin line, but I guess the question I have is if you look at your commentary about growing your bottom line faster than the top line and the sort of 17 and 24% CAGRs that you have seen, if you look out over the last couple years, your net margin has deteriorated. Should we assume that we've kind of seen the worst of that and are actually troughing out in terms of net margin and that you're going to start to see the bottom line expand relative to the top line growth?
A - Jack Gifford: Mike, I don't think so. As a general statement I said this for a long time, and I generally believe it, that we ought to be able to reduce our below the line at a faster rate than our margins go down, and of course that assumes that we have revenue growth. If the revenue growth isn't there, obviously you don't spend as much below the line, but I don't think there is any disconnect in our plan. We feel comfortable that given that we have revenue growth that we can continue as a percent of sales, be neutral in that regard. I made a comment also that I felt that some people don't always have in perspective, but it is very hard to find $2 billion companies that have 40% operating margins. That's not something to be or 44%. That's nothing to be defensive about, you know. We feel we're on our plan, Mike, and I think if there is concern that we really can't execute the plan, well, there is concern, I guess. There is not concern here.
Q - Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: Is there any level of revenue growth next year? You talked about where you thought the ballpark would be. Is there some threshold level where you think that you would have to start to change your outlook on your spending?
A - Jack Gifford: Well, if we had some cataclysmic, or some industry slowdown, a material industry slowdown, it would be prudent to control spending. Historically we've done that many times during our history. We've been fairly good at looking and not spending when we didn't have revenue growth. We'll just manage it like we've done in the past.
Q - Michael Masdea, Credit Suisse: Got it. And then the inventory side, given the commentary about your customer lead times coming, it looks like your inventory growth has slowed as you've talked about. Would it have made sense to pick that back up given the delta between your lead time and the customer lead time is getting bigger?
A - Jack Gifford: It would. We intend to build inventory this quarter. Mike, the problem of course is getting it in mix correctly, and the lack of visibility, and of course I agree with you, and we actually had a real good quarter as far as inventory last quarter. If you look at the detail of it, we built die bank inventory and we got rid of box stock inventory. We had two numbers going out that cancelled each other. We actually were able to ship out of box stock and we reduced our end of line whip which are finished unit, and we actually built inventory in die bank. The net result was basically neutral. It was a pretty good quarter, so this quarter we're trying to do the same thing, but we're trying to build more inventory.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Joseph Osha from Merrill Lynch.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: Hi there, folks. Some product questions. First, Tunc, you talked a little bit about what was happening with the AMD platforms. I am wondering on the core regulator side, how are you doing in some of the Intel mobile reference platforms?
A - Tunc Doluca: Well, we're doing well. We've got many design wins at the major suppliers, manufacturers in Taiwan as well as the OEMs in the U.S. I would have to say that we've been more us successful with AMD than Intel. The good news there I see is that they're gaining market share.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: This is really on the turn around mobile that we're talking about here?
A - Tunc Doluca: Yes.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: I heard that you were taking share overall as a result of being fairly aggressive on pricing not just in AMD but also some of the IMPP 4.5 stuff on the Intel side. Is that true?
A - Tunc Doluca: Well, everybody is being aggressive on pricing. The notebook market as you know is still growing. It is growing 15 to 20% a year, but I also have to admit that the total revenues for that market for us are probably being about stable. In other words, there is significant price attrition there. It is hard for me to comment on something specific when you ask a very specific question.
A - Jack Gifford: I would add that, Joe, that we don't believe we're the aggressor here. People want to buy or stuff. They want to use our products, and they ask us to match pricing. We're not the guys leading the pricing parade.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay. Secondly, there was a discussion of LED's and that's an interesting area especially insofar as you look at the really high voltage stuff for automotive and in particular I am curious, are you all positioning yourself for some of these very high voltage drop stuff going for example into big displays? Is that an area that you intend to position yourself for?
A - Pirooz Parvarandeh: Yes. This is Pirooz speaking. The product I mentioned obviously was intended for automotive applications. We find a lot of opportunities there, especially with our ability to integrate and to innovate and to come up with new architectures that solve problems that our customers have. We have looked at alternative markets besides the automotive market. Those I would say are really understudied. I can't say we have really launched a lot of products into these alternative markets such as the large panel displays and things of that sort. It is certainly something we have our high on.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: You are in the backlog driver market, right?
A - Pirooz Parvarandeh: Yes, we are. We've got a number of business units that are in that market, and they are at least the ones that I have under my umbrella seem to have made some pretty good progress in terms of design wins.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. Last question, I guess either Jack or Carl, I am not sure which, is there some sort of dollar run rate that you're modeling to on a GAAP basis for R&D and SG&A? I am one of these GAAP guys. I am just trying to figure out as I look at that number going forward with and without options expense and how is that going to trend? It kind of follows on from Mike's question. I am trying it get the operating margin right here.
A - Jack Gifford: On a GAAP basis?
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: Well, both. I know what the option expense is. Characterize it either way. If you want to talk about pro forma, that's fine.
A - Jack Gifford: I am not sure we understand the question.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: What are operating expenses going to be?
A - Jack Gifford: In Q1?
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: In Q1 or let's just think about if you want I have an FY 2006 sort of run rate here. If you want to talk about a pro forma run rate for FY 2007, that's okay. I am just trying to get a handle on how that number is
A - Jack Gifford: I think the operating expenses are going to be 24 to 25% in that ballpark.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: On a pro forma basis, so you're really going to manage it to a percentage of revenue?
A - Jack Gifford: No. That's why I gave you the range. It could be lower, but.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: 24 to 25% of revenue in operating expenses on a pro forma basis is the target.
A - Jack Gifford: That has to do with the revenue. You tell me what the revenue is going to be, and I will tell you what, I can give you a lot more accuracy on the percentage. I tell you what the spending is going to be. I can't tell you what the percent is going to be.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: I am sorry. I am confused then. You just said 24 to 25%, and you're talking about R&D plus SG&A as a percentage of revenue for 2007 assuming of course that the revenue grows at this trend line you're discussing. Is that what you're saying?
A - Jack Gifford: I don't know what you said. I said that in Q1 that the operating expense as a percent of sales would probably range between 24 and 25%.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: Okay. All I am trying to ascertain is if there is some kind of longer term target to what you are managing that number assuming of course that revenue...
A - Jack Gifford: Yes. I mean there is. It is not the number one financial priority of the Company, but we would like our operating  our below the line spending to basically decline at a rate that would be consistent with what our gross margins decline at.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: Basically that's the idea is to capture whatever gross margin gives back at the operating line. That's still the strategy?
A - Jack Gifford: Right. And it doesn't take a lot of micromanaging to do that. We think it is more natural than forced.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: Okay. Last question and then I will go away. When you have your internal counsels, do you look at these GAAP numbers and think about that margin at all in terms of targets or is it not on the radar screen.
A - Jack Gifford: Sure we think about it because it is important to some people, and we have to understand and know the numbers. I think the one thought I have is that because we did not accelerate unvested options we're probably going to be two or three years before those, we're on a comparable basis with companies who did do that. That's one observation that I have.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: Okay. Carl, is this $51 million per quarter run rate now kind of a steady state or is that number going to go up more in 2007?
A - Carl Jasper: No. I would expect that to be steady state at least for the short-term.
Q - Joseph Osha, Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Thornhill from UBS. Your question, please.
Q - Tom Thornhill, UBS: A question back on the issue of turns and turns orders. Implicit in the difference between beginning backlog and quarter guidance is that the shipped turns would be down quarter to quarter. Is this a case of your expectation that gross turns orders would be below the 251 that you saw in the June quarter or is it an issue of looking at your box stock and die bank inventory you think your ability to ship turns is limited into this 150 to 160 million range?
A - Jack Gifford: Tom, I think, to answer your question as directly as I can, we're not sure right now that we can book turns at the same level we booked last quarter because we have one month of the quarter that was slower than the quarter before that which had some real exaggeration in the first. If you recall in Q4 the first two months of that quarter was the booking rates were very high, exaggerated. Do you recall that?
Q - Tom Thornhill, UBS: I do.
A - Jack Gifford: And then this, the first month of this quarter, July, we weren't at that level. So it is like there is a lot of volatility there in the bookings in this period we're talking about. Given that, we're not sitting here projecting turns growth, bookings growth over last quarter because we had such high turns bookings in the first two months of last quarter which were in our view I think everybody's view were abnormal even at the time. Do you follow? Do you understand what I am saying?
Q - Tom Thornhill, UBS: Absolutely. Looking at what you've seen in July, this is more?
A - Jack Gifford: July was very much one would expect. I am sure it is probably the same in a lot of companies. They were basically summer months, slow, and the April and May months were aberrational relative to the other direction in turns bookings. I think we booked $50 million. We had some big numbers. I don't have them in front of me. Those first two months were big. I think we've got a basically a wave function going here over trend and a little under. We just can't react, though, we are planning on not being able to react to the turns that we're going to get as aggressively as we did in the previous quarter.
Q - Tom Thornhill, UBS: Okay. So even if gross turns orders picked up later in the quarter, given your die bank inventory and box stock inventory.
A - Jack Gifford: We're going to have one month less if you can understand. Do you see what I am talking about.
Q - Tom Thornhill, UBS: Absolutely.
A - Jack Gifford: Last quarter we had great turns bookings in April and May.
Q - Tom Thornhill, UBS: That gives you time to respond.
A - Jack Gifford: Exactly. This quarter we could have great bookings, but we aren't going to get anything out of July.
Q - Tom Thornhill, UBS: Understood. Shifting this staying on this same topic but shifting more into longer term, as you pursue your strategy with your higher volume customers, those are going to be programs that should be more consistent? Won't you have the ability to plan better for them and be able to meet up sides as that occurs? Should you have more flexibility in being able to position die bank or box stock inventory for gross turns in the context of this coming strategy?
A - Jack Gifford: Tom, I think that's perceptive. I think you're right. Once you get to some form of steady state. Remember, now, we're emerging into something new for us. All of these orders are new. We're going from having 3% of our business with these kinds of people to having 30%. Once the slope of that curve, once that moderates, your observation I think is correct. It is more predictable.
Q - Tom Thornhill, UBS: Thank you, Jack. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Rosenberg from William Blair.
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Hi. You talked about earlier that your customers lead times have come down on you. Did you make any comment about what's happening with your lead times relative to the eight plus weeks you said was the situation last quarter?
A - Jack Gifford: I didn't, Jeff, but Tunc knows what they are.
A - Tunc Doluca: The numbers I do, Carl, you should probably look it up, but the numbers I know is what they gave us.
A - Jack Gifford: I know what our lead times are. Jeff, yes, okay. Our lead times went out about a week. Hang on a minute. I can give you accurate numbers here. They went out actually a week.
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: And you say that in the past tense. As you've added capacity, have you been able to bring them back in?
A - Jack Gifford: That was Q4, and are we going to bring them in in Q1?
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Is that what you need to do given that the lead times and their requests on you are coming in and I guess I am thinking about that in the context of the initiatives you talked about to be table to be more responsive to these top 20 customers, and to be able to do those things, so I would assume that you're working hard to bring them in. I guess that's what I was wondering about.
A - Carl Jasper: Absolutely. We do want to bring the lead time we're giving our customers back in, and a lot of this spending and the expansion, six to eight inch conversion, all of those efforts are being put in place to do that.
A - Jack Gifford: Yes. Jeff, a lot of the these major customers, a lot of this growth we're getting is coming in processes that we're ramping in production, and what I spoke of in our prepared comments where we're putting two production, two products and two processes in production, one of those has got major growth plans. We have major growth plans for it in volume this year and next. That's the dog we're chasing.
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Okay. And in terms of levels, you talked about it distribution. When you look at contract manufacturers or OEMs, given the situation you're in, have you seen anybody trying to build inventory to avoid any sort of availability issues or how are they responding to the current circumstances?
A - Jack Gifford: You mean customers.
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Yes.
A - Jack Gifford: Let's see, I think Pirooz or Tunc should commented on that.
A - Tunc Doluca: I can comment on one aspect of it which is when I surveyed my business units and their customers, we at least across that survey we did not see that there was any excess inventory at our customers. Now, the customers I guess maybe about a quarter ago might have tried to build extra inventory, but what we're seeing now is that we're not really seeing any substantial cancellations or push outs or anything of that order for this kind. So that leads us to believe that there is really not a lot of excess inventory in our channels.
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Okay.
A - Jack Gifford: In terms of major customers that we support from our business unit, I would say the same thing. They're not asking us to delay shipments or push out orders, and I don't really believe they built excess inventory.
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Okay. One last thing I want to ask, just another clarification on this four-year trend. When you answered the follow-up on that and said that it was a 17% revenue growth and 24% earnings growth I think you said, obviously in the next year you would expect more of those two numbers to grow in line, so is this a 24% number that you're saying you expect to get back on track with for the full fiscal year for sales and earnings?
A - Jack Gifford: Generally you're right. They should be in line longer term they should stay. Revenue should grow EPS should grow with revenues if your shares stay constant. No, we expect to grow as you know, Jeff, between 20 and 30% a year, that's our plan. We didn't say that 17% was our plan. We said that it is what we did.
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Right. I guess you just said that when you looked at the two-quarter trend if you will, the expectation of improvement in Q2, you said it would get you back on track with the trend you have had over the last four years, and I thought you meant 24%, and I thought that meant top line, but then when you talked about the four-year trend, then it was a little bit lower on the top line, so that's what I just wanted to clarify, what you meant when you said that.
A - Jack Gifford: I was just talking about the revenue growth in the short-term.
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Okay.
A - Jack Gifford: Using that assuming that people had that trend line they had seen it, so it might have been a bad metaphor or whatever you want to call it.
Q - Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair: Is that the number we should be thinking about if it goes the way you're expecting is the 20% plus type number for the year?
A - Jack Gifford: Yes. We're planning on growing from what is it, it is almost 25%. That's the plan that we begun the quarter, the year with.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America.
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America: Hi, Jack, a couple of questions. You talked about the improvement in manufacturing efficiency going forward. Is this more a function of call it lesser disruption or do you think you got a significant cost benefit as you go from 6 to 8 inches or help us understand what the drivers for improved efficiency there might be?
A - Jack Gifford: Yes, it is not going 6 to 8 inch wafers but it is the fact that you've got 50% of your expenses or 40% of them are fixed in a fab, and the variable expenses will scale with volume. You get large economies of scale when you go from 3 million wafers to a quarter moves a quarter to 6 million. Big numbers. The problem that I have pointed out is - I shouldn't probably call it a problem, but what's going on when you're trying to do a lot of things in a fab that have to do with ramping production and starting new processes is you overspend, and you can't get as much productivity out of the equipment that you got in there, so you get an increase in output which gives you a profit contribution, but you expect too much to get it or you didn't get as much of an output increase as you planned to or should have gotten, and you will get, because you haven't yet got it running right, running efficiently. You will get it so that it is spending at the right level, and you will then get the economies of scale of covering these fixed costs. And it is material.
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America: The other question I had related to your comment on as you're trying to be consistent with your new strategy as you're trying to break in being the new kid on the block or however you want to phrase this, your having to offer price discounts, but on the follow-on product, you're able to charge a much higher gross margin. Help us understand why it works that way and then second as you try to continue to integrate your mix of highly integrated product, why isn't this an ongoing issue going forward?
A - Jack Gifford: Let me comment a little bit and Pirooz will comment more. This is not a second sourcing activity. We're not going into a situation where we're now the second supplier or the third one and therefore the only way you are going to really do business is by matching or having a price lower than the other suppliers. This is a case where we have been chosen to do something innovative and in some cases you are going to get that initial opportunity at a price lower than what other companies would pay for that product if it were available or as Pirooz pointed out you're not going to have the manufacturing costs going into it as you will have after you've developed the core and the manufacturing technique to make this. So the first article, the first orders and the first customers are always going to be lower margins than the derivative products.
A - Pirooz Parvarandeh: I would like to add one other comment here. When you're getting into new areas and new disciplines and new technologies, there is always a learning curve, and the first generation of a product may not be as optimal as it should be, and we evolve that, and with the second generation we get a lot better. We know a lot more how to optimize that product, so there is that part of the equation as well, especially when you're getting into new fields.
A - Jack Gifford: These new fields, this IP is limited in number of people who have it, develop it and who can actually put it into production, so these products we're talking about fundamentally are sole source products. In the universe not many other people can do it, but on the particular application we're there pretty much by ourselves. It is just that we're not efficient yet, and we've been told that we have to match a certain price.
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America: One last question. Implicit in your expectation for the highly integrated products making up about 25% of your total mix for FY 2007 is a pretty hefty growth rate for the segment. My math is somewhere between 60 and 65% depending on how your full year shapes up. I know you went through a lot of the program that are working for you.
A - Jack Gifford: Is it your understanding that we've gone from 0 to 25% in one year.
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America: No, no. From 18% or so I think last year to 25, right, so I thought the mix of this highly integrated business was about 18% in FY 2006 for your analyst day. As this jumps to 25% this year, the year-over-year growth implied within that highly integrated product group is fairly high. I am just trying to ascertain here, exactly which programs or which segments in particular may be driving it for you.
A - Tunc Doluca: This is Tunc. I don't think I can exactly pinpoint what they are. I think the ones are probably very easy to guess would be markets where there is high volume, and there is a need for miniaturization and optimization of space and power, and those are the usual suspects. They're high-end consumer products. They're cellular handsets. They're products, some of them are in notebook computers. They're pretty much all over the place.
A - Jack Gifford: They're in the automotive market.
A - Tunc Doluca: Automotive market.
A - Jack Gifford: This ability to do high performance highly complex chips has huge customer value and it gives them smaller size, it gives them lower power, if really enables, it becomes an important core product to their success of their product, and so it can be thought of  the analogy is that it is not that different from how an embedded microcontroller might be to somebody's end equipment. It enables it, and so there is huge customer value in terms of what he can do with his equipment, and the point I want to emphasize is there are very few companies in the world that can execute on these things.
A - Tunc Doluca: Case in point is recent, maybe about two, three weeks ago we were having a discussion with a major supplier who is making a portable media player, and we were discussing how to save him a millimeter on a package size on his power management, and he couldn't do it by using discreets, and he needed something that exactly fit his particular size they wanted for the end product, so pretty much in many places they are really desperate for these types of advances, and they know that Maxim has the right technology to do these products.
A - Jack Gifford: They're also trying to get all of the electronics in one place as opposed to multiple places in their boards for performance reasons, performance reasons, so it is strategic. What we're doing here. We're not doing what we're doing to be another supplier of a given function. That's not what we're targeting at all. We don't target that.
Q - Sumit Dhanda, Banc of America: Just one and I promise to go away after this. In terms of, again your strategy here, does the lack of a DSP offering refer to you especially when you're targeting a market like cell phones or is the embedded controller an adequate substitute for a DSP? How do you think about that?
A - Tunc Doluca: Well, we in the markets we've been going in, the lack of a DSP really has not hurt us so far. What we do in the cellular market, we find partners that we make our products meet with, and that's only if we have parts that are in the signal path. We also have a lot of products that are not really dependent on the DSP, so I think that is not hurting us.
A - Jack Gifford: In fact, I would go even further to say that in a lot of the equipment we're in, the customer, if it does need a DSP which I have trouble calling it a DSP, but the customer has already developed his own DSP or his own state machine, so he considers that a IP of his own, and he is reluctant in many cases even to use an off the shelf or a DSP type function that he doesn't have control over, so we don't see that except in the base band for a cell phone. Clearly we don't participate there nor do we want to. We've had many opportunities to, but we will not and are not developing a DSP for cell phone base bands, but we have related products, we call them state machines or they do functions that are specific, and our customers to the extent of processing signals, but our customers also do their own.
Operator:
Q - David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital: A couple quick ones, please. First one is can you tell us roughly what the customer request for shipment time frame is this past quarter versus the prior quarter, and I have a couple more quickly thereafter.
A - Jack Gifford: The customer given lead times?
Q - David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital: Yes. The customer given lead times.
A - Jack Gifford: What he requests?
Q - David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital: Because it came in by about a week, right, while your own lead times gone up by a week in the past quarter. I was just wondering what the actual weeks were and how does that compare with the March quarter.
A - Tunc Doluca: First of all, the customer given lead times came down only in the last month of the last quarter. It wasn't for the entire quarter.
A - Jack Gifford: Tunc is thinking is that there has been a change in direction. They may be shortened, maybe they're bringing in their lead times now in the last month is what he said. Actually not in the last month but the month before last.
A - Tunc Doluca: I think it was in June.
A - Jack Gifford: June, yes. I think, David, it is in the area of eight weeks.
Q - David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital: Yes. Okay. And any signs that in fact the number of companies have reported sort of mixed results, some markets have softened for them, and it's shown up in the bookings I guess in your case it is not very apparent, but I was wondering whether in fact if you defect any demand softness out there. I was also curious what decision have you made on those two CDMA transceiver projects that had 90 days to either get the margins up or you will get out of the business?
A - Jack Gifford: Okay. On your first question, let me answer your second question first and maybe Tunc can answer your first question. On the idea of the CDMA transceivers, we have done two things. We've raised the prices, and we right now expect but we didn't raise them to the extent that the margins are consistent with our objectives, but the margins, went up and into the Well, this quarter maybe into the 30% area. They haven't been. The margins will go up and we'll actually see the benefit of the price increases this quarter. We expect to have about the same amount of business next quarter at a higher price or the same price.
A - Tunc Doluca: It will be about the same.
A - Jack Gifford: About the same price, and then after that we'll either have higher margins or very little business. That's the status of those projects.
A - Tunc Doluca: We also had some reduction in the cost as well.
A - Jack Gifford: That's what I meant, the margins went up. We're seeing the benefit of that. We'll see the benefit of higher margins in Q1.
A - Tunc Doluca: Correct.
A - Jack Gifford: Which we didn't have any margin improvement in Q3 or 4 because the things we did didn't flow through production until Q1, so we'll get some help there on margins. Q2 we're going to ship about the same level that we did in Q1 and then at that point after that that problem should go away.
Q - David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital: Okay.
A - Jack Gifford: Do you want to take the first question?
A - Tunc Doluca: David, your first question was about where do we see bookings softening?
Q - David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital: What I am saying is that when I listen to a bunch of companies before you reported many of them have seen specific end market softness, so if I were to say the bookings in general most companies have reported so far have been mixed, some better than others, but generally they were towards the low end of seasonality, and the guidance is also not that bullish. I would say low end seasonality also, so tells me there is some softening out there somewhere. I wonder what your context of your customer tells you that there is some kind of a minor inventory adjustment like we saw except...
A - Jack Gifford: Let me read you something. You can draw your own conclusions. We don't know how to conclude anything from it. We've got 20 equipment segments, and we can give you third quarter over fourth quarter booking changes. Would you like it hear that?
Q - David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital: Yes. I think it was 10 up, 3 flat, and 8 down.
A - Jack Gifford: Well, I can give you know, cell phones were up 16%. Network and datacom were update up 7% each. Base stations were up 12. Got to look at the side. It doesn't say necessarily that we're indicative of the industry. Our industrial was up 3%. GPS is up over 25. Storage was up 7. Medical was up 3. Set-top boxes were up 5. Notebooks were flat, up 0.5%. Computing and peripheral was up 1%. Telecom was up 0.5%. Military, well, there's no military. Financial terminals were down 7%. Automotive was down 11%. ATE was down 11, 12%. PDA's were down 6%. Home entertainment was down 8%. Cameras were down 11. Instrumentation and measurement was down 24. Everything else which this accounts for everything but about 10% of it, and that 10% was up eight.
Q - David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital: I see. Okay.
A - Jack Gifford: Now you know everything I know.
Q - David Lou(?), Global Crown Capital: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Louis Gerhardy.
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: You mentioned the credit in the COGS line from the supplier. What was that for?
A - Jack Gifford: Several companies in the industry had problems with an assembly molding compound, millions of dollars worth of material had to be scrapped over the last five years, and this was a settlement that we came to an agreement with that supplier on, and last quarter.
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: That's like a one or two-year-old type of case, right?
A - Jack Gifford: Five years ago.
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Okay. On your turns book, I missed the numbers. Is it 251 or 261?
A - Jack Gifford: I am sorry. What is the question?
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Your turns orders booked. Was that 251 or 261?
A - Jack Gifford: 251 last quarter.
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then from the numbers you just read on GPS, what is making your numbers so strong there?
A - Jack Gifford: Because we're very small. Just to put it in context, it is $4 million.
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's all L&A's, right?
A - Tunc Doluca: It is what?
A - Jack Gifford: We have a base station, I mean a base band, and we've got the receiver. It is a very specific applications. They're basically  let me think. We have a product that is actually a software that is a GPS in the base band and software and people - computer and notebook guys and other guys can put this, they can have GPS without having to have a processor. That's one area, and what is the other?
A - Tunc Doluca: We sell management chips, we sell realtime clock ships.
A - Jack Gifford: It is only $4 million. It can't be that big.
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Okay. All right. Got that. Let me just ask you on the order volatility which has come up in a lot of different ways, I got to think  your customers understand your ability to respond here, and I am just trying to understand why they're not placing orders here,  earlier, and avoid the risk of missing some holiday demand.
A - Jack Gifford: I think that, Louis, I think that's what's happening now. I think they're starting to see better orders the last week or so. You're right. I think I would draw that same conclusion.
Q - Louis Gerhardy, Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Krishna Shankar from JMP Securities.
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: Yes. Coming back to an earlier question can you give us You mentioned the highly integrated new products. For FY 2006 can you give us again what percent of revenues would be represented by some of these new very highly integrated products?
A - Jack Gifford: For FY 2006 year ended?
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: Right.
A - Tunc Doluca: It was 17 or 18%, 18, yes, 1%.
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: Okay. And given that this will increase quite significantly over the next couple of years, to some extent I guess this increases your revenue concentration by customer depending on your customer's product ramp, so how do you folks sort of handle that in your quarterly planning process when you give bookings and revenue guidance given set of concentration?
A - Tunc Doluca: Well, there are larger opportunities, but there is still a lot of benches. It is not like we're selling 10% into one customer. The good news is that we have much more accurate information from our customer working with specific ones and specific projects.
A - Jack Gifford: But I think you're generally right. We're going to do a lot more business with fewer customers. We're going to be doing a lot more business with 20 or 30 customers, or 50 of them. Was that your question.
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: Yes.
A - Jack Gifford: Okay. Maybe I don't know if we answered it or not. Do you want to try it again?
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: I think so what you have is essentially a group of sort of standard cells which is stitched together with some customization and you have various flavors of that for different large customers, so some of them hit and some of them don't?
A - Jack Gifford: Yes. It is not that simple. These standard cells, they're not standard cells. Once we've done a core for an application, a specific application which that core is very sophisticated. It can have 10 A to D conversion or it can have some sort of a state machine, it can have all kinds of variable power supplies. It can have a bunch of stuff on it. It can have 10 sensors, on and on and on. It can have filters on it and each of those and high performance stuff that just as high performance as you might find in a lower complexity integrated circuit, and they will be put together in a way to meet a specific equipment function need that that product, then, could generate derivative products a lot easier for other people making a similar piece of equipment, but it is not like it is a lego set where we throw this stuff together and the cores all fit any application or the building blocks fit any application. It is not that simplistic.
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: I understand. And you said that initially gross margins there would be lower. Can you give us some sense for how the gross margins in this set of new products defer from the corporate average and operating margins for some of these new products?
A - Jack Gifford: We don't think that they're going to be lower than 80% gross margin, but we're not pursuing these things when the margins are below 60%. That's not our strategy at all. So I think there is some confusion about when you talk about large building block chips, people, they quickly extrapolate to what other companies have done historically where they're building blocks of logic that are large or there are multiple people building exactly the same function, and those are products that have 30, 40% gross margins, and they're selling silicon by the pound. That's not what we're doing here.
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: I understand. I just wanted to get a sense for how the gross margins defer and since you're spinning - the operating expenses are being focused more effectively so operating margins imagine would be closer to the Corporate average?
A - Jack Gifford: Yes, absolutely.
A - Tunc Doluca: I want to clarify something. I think there is some part of it that you maybe missed at the beginning of the conference call. When we mention that we sometimes have to go in with low prices to be able to capture a new technology for us or new market, that's not a majority of these products. It doesn't mean that every high integration product is one of these projects where we're trying to break into a market. I think you're equating the two, and that's not the case. Many of these high integration parts have gross margins that are consistent with what we want. But there are some where we didn't have the technology yet and we just developed it, and those are not many of those. You can count them on the fingers on one hand, so I want to make sure that's clear. It is not like we got 18% with low margin business. That's not true.
A - Jack Gifford: That's good, Tunc, that you clarified that. Because, the reason we got into that discussion is because we were talking about specific products that had affected our gross margin, and that was a cause of that, but that's not our trend. That's not what we're doing for a living.
A - Tunc Doluca: There is only three or four of those.
A - Jack Gifford: Even that. Whatever.
A - Tunc Doluca: That's about it.
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: Sure.
A - Jack Gifford: We clear that up?
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: Yes. I think that was a very helpful answer, and then my final question. In notebooks I guess you said orders up sequentially only about 0.5%. How much of this is related to some of the new products rolled out by both Intel and AMD somewhat late in Q2 and can you see a catch-up effect there in July and August as those orders start to ramp up more rapidly?
A - Jack Gifford: Go ahead, Tunc. You might want to answer that. It is very dangerous to take quarter to quarter, one quarter's change. You need to look at what happened over the last five quarters in notebook, and go ahead, Tunc.
A - Tunc Doluca: I think in the notebook space, just to give you a general idea is going into the calendar year, the consensus was that we would get about a 20% or 21% type increase in unit sales of notebook PC's, but more recently and also talking to some of my customers, they've reduced the amount of growth they expect this year to maybe around 16 or 17%. It is quite possible that you're hearing the effects of that from other people.
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: Okay.
A - Tunc Doluca: But remember just looking at our bookings does not tell you what's happening in the market because we're not only making motherboard power supply products, we're also making other parts that go into notebook computers. Some of those are growing as well so it is very hard to conclude from looking at Maxim's bookings to conclude what's happening in the entire notebook market.
A - Jack Gifford: It is a sample, but we are not the bellwether. You can't be with one piece of data. Some of these markets we're important in and some of them we're small in. I gave that information just because to give you color, but you shouldn't take it.
Q - Krishna Shankar, JMP Securities: I understand. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis from Citigroup.
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Thank you for taking the question, guys. Jack, how should we think about the linearity of the $150-200 million capital program in the fiscal year?
A - Jack Gifford: Q1 is going to be a big number because again it has to do with we've been talking about the getting this equipment installed to increase our fab capacity. That will be the biggest quarter of the year. That could be as much as $100 million in Q1. Then over the next three quarters you're down, you're probably looking at 30 million a quarter or something like that, $20 million a quarter.
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Okay. So you'll see how demand shakes out after you implement the 100 million, and that will determine whether you come in at 150 or 200 for the year?
A - Jack Gifford: Well, no. I think what I told them we spent the money to add the capacity to both add fab and test to do our FY 2007 plan, and most of that money we received the equipment in Q3, 4, and Q1. So that money is spent. We have that capacity to do 2007 plan for wafer fab. The other things that we're spending money on, but we're building a new manufacturing facility in the Philippines to do modules which we've been subcontracting out. We're doubling our capacity in Thailand for tests. We do about half of our tests now there. We're going to be growing in Thailand. We're building a significant facility in India. We're building or buying a significant facility in Arizona. We're spending money in those things, too.
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Jack, how would we think about the disposition of front end versus back end spend in 2007 versus 2006?
A - Jack Gifford: Well, I would say that short of buying another fab, if we don't do that, I would say that we will spend probably more money in the fab - do you have the actual numbers there because most of the - hang on a minute. I can be more accurate. Yes, fortunately the fab numbers for 2007, about $80 million, the back end area is about $50 million and then we've got another $15-20 million for buildings and then we've got another $1 million for software and CAD, and that's another non-technical to those areas. I think that's generally the mix. More for fab than test, but test is a big number.
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: Either for you or Carl. We had depreciation up to I believe it was $85 million in FY 2006. How should we think about depreciation in 2007?
A - Carl Jasper: It will still trend as a percent of revenue. It's been about 3, 4.5%. It will probably stay in that range.
Q - Craig Ellis, Citigroup: 4-4.5%, okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. I would like the turn the program back onto our speakers.
A - Jack Gifford: Thank you, Operator. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We would like to thank you for your continued participation and interest in Maxim.
Operator: Thank you much ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-04-27 06:45:00) =====
Executives: Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer   Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer   Tunc Delugha, Group President   Peruz Pavarande, Group President   Allen Hill, President of Dallas Semiconductor
Analysts: Michael Mantea, Credit Suisse   Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein   Tom Thornhill, UBS   Chris Casso, Friedman Billings Ramsey   Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers   Ross Seymour, Deutsche Bank   Bill Lewis, JPMorgan   Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray   Steve Sayed, Raymond James   David Wu, Global Crown Capital   Suma Dehonda, Banc of America Securities   Titus Menses, Jeffries and Co.   Louis Garrity, Morgan Stanley   Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair and Co.   Ramesh Misra, CE Unterberg   Demona Jenkowsky, Goldman Sachs   Craig Ellis, Citigroup
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Operator and again welcome to our Fiscal 3rd Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call today are Jack Gifford, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and our two group Presidents, Tunc Delugha, and Peruz Pavarande, and also on the call is Alan Hill, Vice President of Dallas Semiconductor. There are some administrative items that I would like to take care of before we cover our results. First we will be forward-looking statements on this call. In light of the private securities litigation reformat, I would like to remind you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turn orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending levels, manufacturing efficiencies and capacity, projected in market consumption of our products and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate, or variations of these words or similar expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the companys actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward looking statements. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the companies business, are contained in the companys SEC filings on Form 10K for the year-ended June 25, 2005. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. Second, and keeping with the SECs fair disclosure requirements, we have made time available for a question and answer period at the end of todays call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. Ill begin todays call by commenting on our financial performance before handing the call over to Jack, Tunc, and Peruz for their comments on end markets, strategy, and guidance for the 4th quarter. As stated in our Press Release, our fiscal Q3 2006 gross bookings were $537 million. These gross bookings are the equivalent of future net revenues of $512 million. Gross turns orders during Q3 were $245 million, of which $161 million was shipped for revenues within the quarter. For a comparison purposes, turns for Q2 were $230 million of which $158 million was shipped for revenues within the 2nd quarter. Net revenues for the 3rd quarter were a record $478 million, up 7% from the 2nd quarter and up 19% from the same quarter last year. As a result of our positive book to bill ratio, our 12-month backlog grew to $403 million at the end of Q3 from $370 million at the end of Q2. Our beginning 90-day backlog for Q4 is $348 million compared to the beginning 90-day backlog for Q3 of $329 million. Entries bookings, net sales, and backlog were supported by multiple markets, products, and customers. Tunc and Peruz will highlight specific areas of progress in their prepared remarks or comments later in todays call. Regarding profit measures  please note that in our press release we have disclosed both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. Non-GAAP results differ from GAAP results by the amount of total stock based compensation expense, calculating in accordance with financial accounting standards 123R. I will now highlight our fiscal Q3 2006 profit measures. Gross margins, excluding stock based compensation expense were 69%, down from 70.2% in the previous quarter. The decline in gross margin is a result of a few factors. Foremost, the margin decline is the result of executing our long term strategy of entering new product markets which are for gross margins that are lower than those with our product mix focus on smaller market applications. We are doing this in order to achieve greater earnings growth than would otherwise be possible. Also, we had two products in our cellular wireless business unit that did not meet our minimum gross margin goals. Additionally, we missed our manufacturing plan in three of our FABS by $3 million , due to ramping up capacity and related costs to support customer demand without getting sufficient throughput to lower unit cost. We expect significant improvement in this situation in our 4th and 1st quarter. Operating expenses, excluding stock based compensation expense, were 24.9% of net revenues; down from 26.1% for Q2 and 27% for the same period last year. As you can see from the declining percentages, these expenses have increased at a slower rate than sales growth over the past couple of quarters. We continue to believe that below the line spending will decrease as a percentage of net revenues more than gross margins. Operating margins, excluding stock based compensation expense, were 44%; relatively unchanged from the 44.1% reported for the past two quarters. This result is consistent with our plan to achieve excellent sales and earnings growth by expanding our served available markets, gaining market share, and simultaneously leveraging our operating expenses in order to maintain operating margins required to optimize our earnings growth. Earnings per share, excluding stock based compensation expense, was $0.45 per share; up 7% from the $0.42 per share reported in the second quarter and up 22% from the $0.37 per share for the same period a year ago. The option exchange program that we announced last quarter was completed. Employees tendered $11.8 million eligible options in exchange for $2.4 million restricted stock units or RSUs. These RSUs will vest over the next 4-6 quarters. With the exchange program and grants to new and existing employees of options and RSUs, we expect stock based compensation on a pre-tax basis to be $52 million in the 4th quarter. Included in this amount is $37 million from employee stock options, $12 million from RSUs, and $3 million from our employee stock purchase plan. I will now highlight a few items on our balance sheet. Accounts receivables grew $39 million during the quarter to $260 million. Our day sales outstanding or DSO grew from 45-days to 49-days as a result of a large share of the quarter shipment occurring later in the quarter as compared to Q2. Our inventories grew $7 million during the quarter as planned ending up at $205 million. Inventory days improved from 127-days in Q2 to 119-days in the 3rd quarter. Inventories at our distributors are still at relatively low levels and are turning approximately 7  times per year. Order lead times on the company were approximately 8.4-weeks during the 3rd quarter, a slight increase over the 8-weeks in Q2. At the end of the 3rd quarter, cash and short term investments totaled $1.3 billion, unchanged from the 2nd quarter. 3rd quarter capital purchases were $64 million, consisting primarily of wafer fabrication and test equipment needed to support revenues in the 4th quarter and 1st quarter. 4th quarter capital will increase in order to expand FAB capacity in anticipation of expected continued growth in fiscal 2007. I will now hand the call over to Jack to provide additional highlights.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Carl. For the quarter we are in now, we expect revenues will increase about 7% and at that level of sales we would expect to produce non-GAAP per share of $0.48, also a 7% increase. Markets such as automotive, digital communications, multimedia, and portable equipment are attractive to us because of their size and their ability to support higher long term earnings growth. As we expand into these new markets, we expect to sustain our operating margins and believe that with effective management review projects are today being selected that optimize profit growth without risk to profit quality. As Carl mentioned, we did have two cellular wireless products that affected our gross margins by  of a percent during the quarter. Unfortunately, the pricing collapsed in the CDMA handset market and this was the result of a strategy by handset manufacturers to compete on price with the GSM handsets. Consequently, these CDMA handsets are now in a price war with GSM. We are working with our customers to raise our gross margins or to reduce production on these parts. Should we be unsuccessful in our efforts, we may need to eliminate certain raw material and parts from production and inventory. Although Maxim is aggressively focusing on large, high volume growth markets, we will sacrifice corporate gross margins for growth of sales and market share only if the overall result assures us of an acceptable growth rate of our corporate profit. Importantly, we believe that in order to produce sustainable long term attractive growth for our investors, from an annual growth rate which today is now over two billion per year, we need continued success of our long term strategy of expanding our served available markets, increase in our penetration at the worlds leading manufacturers of electronic equipment, and we need to achieve operational excellence especially in terms of customer relationships, on time delivery, and quality. Last quarter, Maxim recorded record revenues exceeding the companys peak quarterly revenues of Q2 of the fiscal 2001 year. This was the peak quarter before the .com/telecom bust. A recovery exceeds most of our competitors when compared to their comparable peak quarter. This includes companies like TI, ADI, LTC, Nashville, Ontario, and SC Micro. We believe examination of growth rates over this time period provide the most accurate snapshot of the relative strength in performance of the major IC companies. Now in order to give you a flavor of what markets we are targeting with our R&D investments, Id like to turn the call over to our two group Presidents, first Tunc and the Peruz, who will address these markets and some specific comments.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Good afternoon, I am Tunc Delugha and I am the group President for portable computing and instrumentation electronics. To start with, Q3s order and shipment strength was broadly supported by multiple markets, products, and customers. Geographically, the US and Europe were strongest, whereas the background being down slightly in Japan, being unchanged compared to Q2. Of the 20 end markets that we track, 16 recorded sequential bookings increases including industrial, telecom, computing and peripherals, home entertainment, PDAs or personal digital assistants, instrumentation and measurements, datacom, base stations, and data storage. Orders declined in only 4 end markets including, but not surprising, a decline in orders for notebook products due to seasonal factors. Now Id like to describe some of our more exciting and equipment opportunities and a sampling of new products. Weve introduced to penetrate these markets which will fuel our planned growth. For instance, for the base station market we introduced the worlds highest speed digital to analog converter. It is 2.3 gigabyte per second conversion rate and selectable frequency response, enable direct digital to RS synthesis without up converter mixers. Again, for the same market, our new (inaudible) power amplifier bias controller provides the highest level of integration and ease of use. Our high voltage analog technology combined with an embedded micro controller was key to realizing this product. For music and video personal media players, we introduced a highly integrated complete charger and six output power management solution. We were already in mass production before formal announcement since we developed the product in close conjunction with a leading consumer electronics company. Another significant for the (inaudible) equipment was a complete stand alone stereo audio processor for volume and tone control. This product is an excellent fit for multimedia notebook personal computers as well as digital music players. For flat panel televisions and monitors, we introduced a soft video anti listening filter that can be configured on the fly for standard or high definition format. This product also fits very well in cable and satellite set up boxes. Our low voltage complete 3 amp DC/DC converter integrates power mass fits to form a complete point of load supply for powering ultra low voltage processors and networking and telecom markets. Our recently announce to ultra low supply voltage high accuracy temperature sensors will work all the way down to 1.7 volt and have been very well received in market leaders like Cisco. Additionally, we rolled out a full line of step down regulators for Intel graphics and memory controller hubs and A&D Canon micro processors. Some of the products were also in mass production sooner than formal announcement at multi notebook PC manufacturers. Targeted at the PD and smart phone market, we introduced a companion of integration master to last quarters integration product line up. This makes the implementation of battery and accessory as integration hassle free since customers need not develop any additional handheld or battery software or hardware. It is now very simple and very cost effective for the handset to verify the origin of the battery before it is charged or used improving consumer safety. Our strategy of partnering with the top 20 electronics companies of the world is continuing to bear fruit in terms of design wins. We see growth and high performance in consumer markets such as handsets, personal media players, and digital cameras especially from Japan, Korea, and Taiwan and we have multiple projects in mass production or in design as a direct result of such partnerships. As planned, many of these products were in full production in less than 2-years and many even less than 1-year from product launch. I would say that this effort is bearing fruit very well right now. Next Id like to hand the phone over to Peruz Pavarande wholl talk about some of his markets and products.
Peruz Pavarande, Group President: Good afternoon, my name is Peruz Pavarande. I am the President for the multimedia, automotive, and telecommunications electronics group. As Tunc noted in his remarks, I also see exciting growth opportunities in many different applications. Some of the segments that provide us with such growth opportunities consist of automotive electronics, flat panel TVs, handsets, and personal media players to name a few. I would like to take a minute to describe some of the recent product introductions that serve these segments. For LCD TVs, we introduced a dynamic Gamma buffer IC which eliminates the need for many external components while providing substantial performance improvements over existing solutions. This product enables higher picture quality in LCD TVs. For cell phones and portable DVD players, we introduced the family of video filter amplifiers that are the first devices in their class to incorporate automatic power down and power up modes to minimize power consumption. We introduced a family of CCFL controllers for back lighting of automotive displays. These products are tailor made for the unique demands of the automotive environment, such as low EMI, electromagnetic interference, to avoid interference with onboard electronics  a very wide dimming ratio that allows comfortable viewing in both day and night lighting conditions. For cell phones, we introduced a USB transceiver that was defined and developed for a leading cell phone manufacturer. This product allows the multiplexing of different signals through a single connector; thereby minimizing connector size and cost. This product has received wide adoption across many platforms of this manufacturer. As you can see from the various examples that have been given, Maxims broad product offerings address many needs within these growing and exciting segments. Maxims strategy is working closely with our top customers, has and will continue to provide new opportunities for us. Maxims close partnership with equipment manufacturers who are leaders and innovators within their fields, coupled with our world class design capability, state of the art process and packaging technologies allows us to bring to the market products that are optimized to meet the needs of our customers. The combination of our strong customer partnerships are technology and the breadth of our product offerings makes Maxim very important to our customers and position us very well to successfully compete in the analog mixed signal market. Ill hand the phone over to Carl.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Peruz. Thats the end of our prepared comments. We will now welcome your questions. Operator will you now please begin calling for questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question at this time, please press the 1 key on your touch tone telephone. If your question has been answered and you wish to remove yourself from the queue, please press the pound key  one moment for our first question. Our first question comes from Michael Mantea, Credit Suisse
Michael Mantea: Manufacturing is not something that normally causes you problems, you had a couple of quarters in a row here that with problems it sounds like. There is something structurally wrong or do you think this is just a blip?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we are always having trouble with manufacturing. When you are trying to put three or four new processes into production every year and they have to ramp into high volume production you are going to have these problems, weve had them chronically. I think, Mike, you probably just dont remember but this is unfortunately  the analog business that we are in, the one that we have defined is a lot more complicated then if you are building random access memories or micro controllers where you are running an established high volume process thats four cornered and its been running a long time without new products or changes to it. That isnt the analog business. So its nothing chronic, well it is chronic in the sense that is does happen on occasion but it comes with the territory pretty much.
Michael Mantea: And then, in looking at these businesses, like you are looking at the wireless now, what is the time frame that you are going to give them and to clean up or make the changes?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: About 90-days  we are not going to entertain businesses or products that we cant make acceptable, corporately acceptable, gross margins, we bite those bullets pretty quick and this particular one, I think you are eluding to, the one I talked about is pretty dramatic. When we got into that business, when we first launched that product, that handset sold to the carrier for 2  times they are selling it today and it was not our judgment at that point, in fact we didnt believe that CDMA had to compete with the low end GSM handsets but apparently Qualcom thinks they have to and I guess the carriers our there that have CDMA installed services, are having trouble selling their features over GSM. All I know is that today the handset sells for about $29-30 whether it is GSM or CDMA and thats not what we intended it to be.
Michael Mantea: This is the last question from me, if you look at your growth into these new markets, how important is integration and how then following on with that  if you look at your various pieces of your product portfolio is there anything that you are missing to drive those integration trends, anything you need to acquire or go out and buy some talent?
Tunc Delugha, Group President: This is Tunc; I think I should probably answer that. I think the integration continues to be very important in these markets, especially the ones that we have been targeting the last few years. We went through a little bit of growing pains maybe a couple of years ago, but those products were executing on much better nowadays and I believe we do have to make some improvements in some of our design systems and we are already doing that. And, with those, I think we are going to be very competitive because we do have an excellent mixed signal process technology and we have the design staff that many of which have already transitioned to being able to do these larger shifts. I think most of the pains that we had weve probably gone over and solved probably in the last two years or so.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: In fact I would add that, this is Jack again, that we are at the leading edge of that transition. I dont think youll find another mixed signal company certainly including TI that has the mixed signal stimulation and cad techniques as well as process developments. It has been a huge transition and most companies really havent made it yet or wont make it.
Michael Mantea: Do you see any other reason to do any sort of acquisition in terms of either a customer base or revenue footprint or anything like that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me answer, and you guys obviously if have comments make them  but one of the comments I would make Mike is that, we are constantly clearly design and tests and definition talent. I think last year or last quarter we added 40 or 50 technologists in the disciplines I have described. So where we can find a company or a small business that has a high percentage of talent we are always interested in that sort of an acquisition. We are less interested in acquiring overhead and facilities and that sort of thing, we are more interested in the intellect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Parker, Sanford Bernstein
Adam Parker: Jack, do you guys think you over shipped consumption at all during the quarter or how do you think your current production is lining up verses consumption right now?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Adam, how is our production lining up with consumption?
Adam Parker: Yes
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well last quarter we made $490 million worth of product, it is pretty much identical to what we shipped. I would say that we are running; right now we are running pretty much right at our consumption rate. I think consumption is probably a little below our booking levels right now but probably not much.
Adam Parker: So you are building a little bit in the channel?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, no that is not what I said.
Adam Parker: I am sorry, say that again
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I said that I think that our booking levels are probably a little above the consumption levels. In other words, I think our customers are probably placing orders that are a little higher than what their run rates are. But, I think we are shipping at the consumption levels.
Adam Parker: So, do you have a reason why you think the customers are doing that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think their businesses are good. I think they are excited about the opportunities to sell the plethora of new products that we introduced in the last year and a half. I think there are some exciting new products and they are doing well. They have a hell of a time forecasting the demand. They want to be able to build as many as they can and so I think where they are enthusiastic, they have placed orders probably with the idea that if they have to, theyll carry little inventory. But, that really hasnt happened yet.
Adam Parker: So, your guess is that they will build a little inventory this quarter?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Which quarter?
Adam Parker: The June quarter
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I dont think so.
Adam Parker: Alright  I am just trying to figure out the bookings above consumption, maybe I will ask it another way  are your lead times changing at all right now?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Lead times have changed, but I told you that I thought we would ship about 7% more than last quarter. I think that is probably a pretty accurate number as far as consumption of our products. And I think we booked more than a little bit more than that  we probably booked about $530 million, I think, something like that. Yes, I think it is pretty much in balance, Adam.
Adam Parker: Ok that is a good thing I suppose?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Thornhill, UBS
Tom Thornhill: Jack, could you elaborate a little bit more on the long term strategy of pursuing some of these larger markets, I think we are seeing some of the impact perhaps in the gross margin line and the orders look pretty good, but can you quantify a bit where you are seeing order increases from this new strategy?
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Ill take that, this is Tunc again. As I mentioned in my earlier talk, we are working very closely with the top 20 manufacturers and some of them we started programs earlier than others obviously. But, if you look at some of the highly integrated products that we are doing from markets like cameras for instance is one, also handsets we are making many products that are highly integrated. Those are the basic markets that weve gone into initially in order to start the strategy. There have been many cases where some of these customers have come to us and said heres a problem weve got in terms of either battery life or heat dissipation and theyve asked us to make products which usually didnt happen if you looked at us 5-10 years ago. Those types of changes are occurring right now and I just named a couple of those markets. But, I am confident we are going to start seeing it in other markets very soon as well.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And I think Tom; the other thing is, as look at what Tunc said, when they are asking you to solve problems, they are not asking you to take fewer margins, they are asking for a way to have a market advantage. We are very careful about that and I think you are eluding to something that could be a problem and that is if there isnt discrimination in terms of the projects that you take and understanding why you are taking them, well then you can certainly get yourself trapped into unattractive low value added products. I would tell you that maybe the cell phone base station or receiver market might be one of those markets where maybe when people started to build that stuff it was more attractive and the value added was higher than it is today. But, I use that as an example because that is a case although later than we would have liked, where we just wont participate if we cant see that we are adding value that the people will pay for.
Tom Thornhill: One follow-up on this same subject  if there is a, lets say a top 20 target list of customers that you trying to focus on, can you give us some milestones on where you are in this process of engaging with them for example could you say that you are in discussions with 18 of the top 20 targets and you are already shipping to some number of those along those line, Jack is there anything you can do in terms of?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are more than well along. We have active projects with every one of them and we are much ahead of our plan two years ago. We are very excited about our success rate and the acceptance of Maxim as a major partner for them. What I said in my prepared remarks, we what need to do to support our end of this partnership is to continue to offer technology for sure and a manufacturing capability, but we need to continue to focus on quality of customer service, application support, these are the other elements that we are growing in that we werent at that level two years ago. So, we are trying to get better and are getting better in these areas. But, as far as having the relationships, we have them now and we are working with these people in very serious ways on major projects.
Tom Thornhill: Are these projects going to require more below the line support along the lines that you just mentioned?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, our below the line numbers are  we are growing at a good rate of sales on a big number. We are able to drop a lot of money to the below the line spending and still have our below the line spending go down as a percent. Thats the nice thing about being a $2 billion dollar company, you can participate in these projects and do research for these companies it fits within your budget and that is something that Maxim or TI can do where the smaller companies, when we smaller you just couldnt do it. It would affect your ability to produce results.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Casso, Friedman Billings Ramsey
Chris Casso: I just wondered if you could come back to your comments on the CDMA market  could you give us a rough idea of the size of that market and potentially how much inventory you are carrying on that. And, looking forward to your June quarter guidance, what have you anticipated with this market in the guidance it sounds like you may have a decision on what you are going to do with that business going forward.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Well the CDMA market if you look at the market itself it is about $170 million handsets a year thats its size. And, about I would say about 40% of that market is the US which has the more sophisticated phones like dual band and so on and the rest of it is distributed between Korea and the emerging countries like India and China and so on. This particular issue we are having really is mostly focused on or concentrated in the, I would call the rest of the world market, which is the single band less sophisticated phones, Jack, I think he mentioned the prices at the beginning of the call. But, in terms of us, our focus really is to make sure that we do have our CDMA plans and we do have products that are good for the high end market and the trouble we are having more is the low end market. But quantifying that right now is going to be a little bit difficult so Id rather defer that.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know Chris, the other thing Ill to what Tunc said is that actually, one of the unfortunate things is that without the data phone taking off big time, most of the growth is in this low end phone and the growth is occurring in China and India and other countries. The market for the higher end phones is not where the growth really is. I think that the time will come but it is not here yet. Now, we have chipsets for that higher end market as do others but right now having growth strategy based on growing in CDMA in competing against GSM has to be a cautious one because unless the CDMA architecture and the network system has advantages it is just not going to compete with GSM because the chipset is more expensive. Base band is more sophisticated, the transceiver is more sophisticated all of the advantages of CDMA having to do with low power and operating at a higher dense environment and having better data carrying capability dont have a lot of value to somebody in Argentina or India. They would like more power  so it doesnt play into those markets real well is what we determined. Now, we may be a voice in the dark here but this is our view of that. And to answer your question as to its effect on us, its not a  it is a tactical thing. It is two products and we werent in that business to start with; we were just getting into it. I think we shipped 500,000 phones or chipsets last quarter; it isnt like it is a big deal. We were going to get into it. We had an opportunity and we have an opportunity to get into it but we are not going to.
Chris Casso: And so I guess the message is whether or not you decide to continue pursuing that market  that is not going to have an effect on what your expectations are for June quarter revenue.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We dont believe it will. It is not going to be material in my view. It is not even, as I pointed out, there could be, prices could go up we could reduce our manufacturing volumes and it wouldnt be an issue, but if we stayed on the plan we were on, which was to ship 250,000,000 chipsets that would have been material.
Chris Casso: Understand. And, just a follow-on  with regard to how you guys are managing operating expenses and understand the strategy of growing the top line a little faster here, how are you managing the operating expenses? Are you looking at this sort of on a quarter-by-quarter basis where you are setting some expense levels according to where you think the revenue is coming in? Is it different than that? Maybe you can provide us with some targets, what we might look at for in the next couple of quarters, maybe the next fiscal year?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Chris, you are talking about below the line spending, right  is that what you are talking about?
Chris Casso: Yes
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That as I said many times in these conference calls and the speeches that I have made, is that below the line spending and our mixed signal analog company is not capital cash intensive. We have trouble finding things to spend money on. And as revenue grows, you are generating as a percent of sales, you are generating a large amount of cash and expense you could take if you wanted to. We can increase our spending and still have, as you can see from the last several quarters and the history of the company, history of Dallas Semiconductor  we took below the line spending from 37% of sales in their case down to now its at 27% or something like that and they are not suffering at all from budgeting and spending, they are spending whatever they can spend. If you grow sales 20% to 30% a year you are going to generate a lot more money than you can spend relative to below the line spending. The short answer is, no we are not constrained below the line.
Chris Casso: Well maybe one final just to clarify that, youve been running at about a 44% operating margin irate n the past couple of quarters  is that reasonable in the next couple of quarters?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I said that is reasonable as far as I can see out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Romit Shah, Lehman Brothers
Romit Shah: Yes, hi can you just elaborate on the comment on the late shipment at the end of the quarter. Did that have an impact on what youre ultimately able to record in revenues in March?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it did not hurt hitting the revenue. That was just the comment on the linearity of shipments throughout the quarter  obviously revenues grew. You have to grow your revenues each of the three months and just from a relative standpoint, we grew in Q2 and in Q3 so again it is from a percent standpoint most of those revenues show up in the 2nd and 3rd months  you collect them in the following quarter. It was an accounts receivable comment.
Romit Shah: Well it look like your strategy to build dibank inventory has paid off. Do you think the current level of inventory is sufficient to service your turns business in the quarter or will you look to build additional inventory in June?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we shipped about 66% of our turns last quarter and I think that was a little bit down from the quarter before that which I think was 69%. I think this quarter we need to turn about 62% to meet our objective. We think that we have the dibank and we will be able to build a product this quarter to accomplish that. Again, in mix is always the issue and in our business it is very hard to manage inventories efficiently because our customers dont tell us very much in advance what they want and often times we guess wrong. The short answer again is yes, we dont expect a problem this quarter.
Romit Shah: Can you just clarify why are you planning to ship a lower percentage of turns booked? I thought the reason why you guys built dibank inventory over the last year was so you could ship a higher percentage of turns?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, theres a mix issue. It depends a lot on what the turns are. We are conservatively guessing that we only have to turn 62% of it. If the mix comes in better then that we can turn more.
Romit Shah: Ok fair enough. Last question  a few companies in your space such as Intersil and National have generated a lot of attention regarding their momentum in analog particularly over the last. Is it any more difficult today then it was in years past?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think it is more difficult then it was around 2000 and 1999. I think there are more people focusing on new signal analog. I think that we have had no real gain in our stock price for five years. We have to do things to compete with companies who can provide an opportunity for gain or at least a perceived opportunity for growth and i. e.: start-up companies, we have to do things that will put up on a level of playing with start-up companies. Companies that had big stock run ups even if the stocks may be over priced today based on what somebody might think a normal PE ratio should be. If an employee or prospective employee is looking historically, and well gee whiz, this companys gone up doubled its sales and doubled its stock prices and maybe it will double it again, they lose sight of the fact that the PE is 40:1 and it might also go down to 30:1. But again, all of those things taken into account, it probably does favor the start up or the company that has turned itself around so to speak, its had a big run up in the short term. We have competed very well, like I said, we had a net increase I think (I dont remember the exact number) but I would say 50 people technical people this quarter and as many last quarter and we expect to hire 80 people this quarter. Our professional head count is going up. I mean our technical professional head count.
Operator: Our next question is comes from Ross Seymour, Deutsche Bank
Ross Seymour: Just a question on the gross margin and it is helpful that you gave those three reasons as to why it dropped quarter-over-quarter. I dont know if Carl is the right one to answer this  but, you gave the  point relative impact from the handsets CDMA business that you talked about and then you mentioned that the manufacturing plan was missed by about $3 million. Am I doing the math right to assume that that $3 million basically is another  point so the long term market strategy contribution to the drop in gross margin basically was only about 10 basis points?
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well actually the FAB miss was more like .7% of gross margin and the answer is yes, Ross. Those are the operational things that happen. I cant promise you that they wont happen again someday but they are not things you trend.
Ross Seymour: Well then I guess going forward  that color is helpful- but, going forward it sounds like you are pretty confident in the fiscal 4th quarter and 1st quarter that that .7$ should be reversed by some amount. Should we expect the gross margin to head up so that long term contribution of roughly 10 basis points out of the 120 would be applied in the next quarter but that would be overcome by the FABs being more efficient?
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think your general extrapolation conceptually is correct. Those two phenomena should disappear by Q1 for sure and I would expect not to have that point and a half or whatever it is of gross margin loss there. I expect that to come back.
Ross Seymour: Switching over to the revenues side of things  on the last conference call you talked about growth of at least 7%, did anything change during the quarter that was surprising to you to cause it to be at 7% instead of somewhat higher or what that just a general statement that at least qualifier?
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Last quarter?
Ross Seymour: Yes, on your last conference call.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry; would you ask that question again?
Ross Seymour: Sure, when you gave your guidance last quarter you expected that the revenues for the March quarter would grow at least 7% sequentially. And I was just wondering, if there is anything that occurred during the quarter, maybe beyond the CDMA business, that caused you to come in right at the 7%, thereby making that at least statement appear like you might have expected something more that didnt occur.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: What I expected that didnt occur is that I expected our bookings to be in a better mix then they were. We booked stuff that we didnt have in dibank so they could have been higher.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Lewis, JPMorgan
Bill Lewis: Maybe a housekeeping thing first and then a question  typically I think youve given the Dallas bookings and how the units sit there. Could you comment on those in the March quarter?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Dallas bookings in the quarter before were I think up 18%, I think this quarter they were up 4%, if I am remembering it right. They booked, I can look that up.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: You are correct; they are up 3% in the Q3 time frame.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And what were they in the Q2 time frame?
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: And they were at an 18% increase in Q2.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: 20% of our revenue and 20% of our profits were from Dallas.
Bill Lewis: Ok and just on the wireless  that was very helpful on the handset discussed around (inaudible), could you similarly comment on the infrastructure market? Are there any increased pricing or margin pressure that you are seeing for 3G on the infrastructure side or is it primarily contained on the handset side?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think that the 3G market is a good market. I think there is value added for all suppliers in that market. The problem is that it hasnt grown yet and whether it will reach into this volume that Tunc talked about in the other question; I think there could be some over estimation in the size of it because it has to get into these other countries like China and India to get the volume that people are projecting but we think it is a high margin business right now. Why dont you answer the question, Tunc.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: You are asking about the infrastructure markets, is that correct? Yes, so the infrastructure market in terms of base station is basically is actually we see a lot of growth in there and for my meetings I have had and we really have not seen enormous amount of pricing pressure. If you provide value, you get paid for it.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I didnt answer the right question  the base station guys work for me, I can comment on that. Weve seen a lot of design wins and I think linear technology talked about the design wins theyve seen also. We are not seeing anything very much going into production right now  we think that they will in the future. I would not say that the telecommunications equipment market is exploding right now, thats not happening. We think it will grow in the future but it is not right now.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: And within the segment that we address, again we are not seeing margin pressure on those products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray
Tore Svanberg: Yes, good afternoon. If I look at your guidance, it looks like you will get about $1.9 billion for fiscal 2006 and I assume that is fairly in line with what you were expecting for consumption. Do you have a number for consumption for 2007?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we think, Tore, that we will ship and it will be consumed in the neighborhood of $2.4-2.5 billion.
Tore Svanberg: And could you also comment a little bit on bookings trend so far and this current June quarter?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: What did I say last time, Tore, about that?
Tore Svanberg: Well, I still have to try.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I know, I will, Ill comment  again, I wont stand behind any extrapolations. Our bookings are up about 30% from the first 4-weeks of this quarter verses the first 4-weeks of last quarter. But again you have to remember, in the first 4-weeks in that same period last quarter we had holidays that would distort that number. But, yes business continues and our opinion continues to be good.
Tore Svanberg: And finally, if you look at your $0.48 EPS guidance, I think that would imply 30% earnings growth year-over-year, which I think goes with your target, how do you see that for the foreseeable future? Do you think you could stay at that pace?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: A broken record again, I think Maxim will grow 20-30% year-over-year for as many years as our plan calls for that we have planned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Maggie East, Raymond James
Steve Sayed: Its Steve Sayed calling in from Raymond James  I think they got my name wrong there a little bit. I was wondering if you could comment little bit just on opportunities in the data converter market. You mentioned one product but just in terms of a general strategy? Is there a specific direction you want to head with that, theres been some more competitors coming into that market, I am just curious how that has impacted your  how you are looking at that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well if they are going into the data converter market then they made a big mistake. Five years ago that might have been a good idea. The data converter market as a stand alone market doesnt exists. It exists but it is not what people are buying. Data converters today are embedded in application specific circuits and our data converter technology is significant. Both low frequency and high accuracy converters and high speed converters and we and analog devices are the leaders in the world in that area, but most of what we do with them is embed them in other things such as: analog front ends for cameras
Tunc Delugha, Group President: smart battery products and many other applications in automotive.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: We build them around micro controllers, embedded controllers. You might want to comment on some of the other things we do with them.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: For electronic meters for power readings, many, many applications; tire pressure readings, all kinds of applications in automotive.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: And data converter technology is also used in multimedia applications for Kodak, not only for audio but also for video as well.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Almost nothing that we do, doesnt have some sort of a converter in it; they are important as a core element but we dont think that the stand alone (inaudible).
Tunc Delugha, Group President: We also have a new set of products that we actually began limited sampling for instance in power management where our analog (inaudible) are used for digital power.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: All of the transceivers that are made have extensive converters in them, high speed converters. The base stations are possible in this direct conversion technology is possible because of high speed converters. They are everywhere, but they are already built in to very application specific (inaudible).
Steve Sayed: And so does that change your sale at all now that you are focusing somewhat on the top 20 so to speak or is it just built in application specific that is pretty much how you are doing it anyway?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well that is what these people want. That is why we are important  we can do this. We can do this integration. There isnt another company in the world that can do the level of mixed signal integration that Maxim can do with high performance converters, battery management circuits along with flash memory and micro controller. That is our strength and that is very valuable to these major corporations.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wu, Global Crown Capital
David Wu: Yes, good afternoon. I have a question actually about the notebook business and I was wondering whether there has been a lot of talk, well everybody want to have a slice of the Napa platform market and also the AMB notebook market. I was wondering whether that market which you dominated a couple of years back has now turned into a pretty competitive market and whether the same thing is going to happen there for you as it has happened in the main chipset business?
  Tunc Delugha, Group President: You said something that was interesting. You said it is a market that we dominated two years ago, we still dominate that market. It really hasnt changed in terms of domination we are the number one supplier. But it is true that some of the sockets have become pretty competitive. But we continue to apply our engineering resources to areas that we feel there is value added inside the notebook. It seems to me like from conference calls, everybody is claiming victory on the Napa platform. So are we. We are going to claim victory as well. I think in terms of the notebook market we have the largest market share and our strategy in that market is to maintain it but at the same time expand to other functions in that market which we have successfully been doing. For instance, getting sockets and market share in smart battery, getting more functions in the monitor that is hooked up to it in notebook computers, so we are at the market that continues to be important for us and I think that our goal is to maintain in the areas that we are dominant and then expand the by looking at getting into other sockets that are inside of the notebook. We have got many design wins in audio, maybe Peruz you can comment on that too.
Peruz Pavarande, Group President: Sure I mean the audio experience is obviously is a very important part of the notebook these days and so we have put a tremendous amount of effort over the last several years in developing some very innovative products that solve a lot of problems, they provide a lot of value added to our customers. And I think we are addressing a lot of different needs within that notebook market. The audio is one of them and there are many others that have been mentioned here, temperature sensing is another, and so on.
David Wu: Yes, but that business is still an attractive business for you.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: The notebook?
David Wu: Yes,
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Equipment you mean?
David Wu: No, the notebook power management and smart battery and all that.
  Tunc Delugha, Group President: Yes it is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suma Dehonda, Banc of America Securities
Suma Dehonda: A couple of questions - Jack, can you give us some idea if you were trying to disaggregate the growth that you are seeing in your business from this new strategy of addressing the higher volume segments verses the older baseline business. How much do you think that is contributing to growth on a sustainable basis or is it too soon to tell (inaudible)?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know that is a good question. We think that it is contributing materially. I looked at, I commented on this briefly about over the last 5-years how much have we grown relative to our competitors taking the peak year in the 2nd quarter of 2001 and where are we from there. And, if you just took Maxim out of that number without adding Dallas in, Dallas hasnt grown. Actually they havent grown at all from that time, they just barely recovered. But, weve grown 38% from that peak. Now if you look at where weve grown, if you look at our product mix and our customer base, its changed dramatically. It probably changed by at least 50% both in product mix and in customer base. That I think is what I am very interested in seeing. We are a much different company today then we were 5-years ago and it has to do with focusing on and being important to bigger pieces of equipment and being a bigger part of the equipment and I will leave you with that. But, our products and our customers have changed over 50%.  Suma Dehonda I guess as a follow-up on that along with all the other excellent data that you provide, is there some way you could think about providing a sort of a segment of breakdown of revenues that we can try to triangulate what is occurring within your strategy. For example: maybe what you would call your standard catalog verses more ASSP template portfolio in your overall portfolio product.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are going to have an analyst day or an investor day at the end of May and Tunc and Peruz and a couple of other people are going to be speaking and I am sure they can provide some of that sort of insight. That is a good question and well kind of and theyll try to do some of that.
Suma Dehonda: A couple of follow-ups if thats ok? You talked about 16 out of your 20 end markets growing in the quarter, any sense of (inaudible) spent in general and industrial and communication infrastructure and some evidence that that is going to pick up  are you seeing some more of that or not really?
Tunc Delugha, Group President: This is Tunc. I should answer that question. So, when I look at that it is pretty broad. I cant say that one market was completely dominating or was much larger than others, it really is pretty broad.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me see if I can comment on that. Rather than looking back one quarter, if you look back two quarters there are some noticeable things. I mean our industrial market has grown 50% in the last 6-months. The instrumentation in (inaudible) market is growing 100% in the last 6-months. Networking and datacom has grown over 35%. Base stations, although the number is not big enough yet, but its grown 70% in the last 6-months. And the digital camera market thats grown about 60% and that pretty much describes where the major growths were.
Suma Dehonda: And two housekeeping questions  first is there a cancellations number you could share with us and then second the RSUs related charge you have talked about, is that occurring in (inaudible) I was wondering if you could comment on that on and how long is that?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The cancellations were about $9 million . Less than 2%, it was a very small number this quarter.
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: And what did you want on the RSUs or exchange program? What was the question?
Suma Dehonda: I guess is that going to occur, how many quarters is that going occur?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: On the exchange that expense will occur over the next 6-quarters starting in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Titus Menses, Jeffries and Co.
Titus Menses: I am calling on behalf of John Lowe. Three questions if I may, firstly just getting back on the gross margins what was the weakness a result of in Q3? I may have dialed in late and missed some information, but if you could just throw some color on that I would appreciate that a lot.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Ill tell you what why dont you listen to the tape of it because I think everybody else has heard it already. We explained it, there were two elements one was a manufacturing issue and one was a couple of products that we are going to discontinue. But, there is more color on that in the text.
Titus Menses: Give us an idea what trend do you see for gross margins on a GAAP basis going forward?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The GAAP gross margins will trend as the non-GAAP gross margins. They will trend together; they will correlate the GAAP and the non-GAAP gross margins. They will not diverge.
Titus Menses: Alright so you see them staying the same along a GAAP basis or pro forma verves margins remain relatively stable for the end quarters. What I am trying to find out is going forward, gross margins being staying at 69% or checking up slightly?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we discussed that earlier in this call. Id like to not repeat that. The answer we said we had some aberrations this quarter and we thought those would go away and during the next couple of quarters we should pick up a point 1  to 1 point of gross margins.
Titus Menses: And the last question I will ask is about the ESO. Can you give me some color, do you think ESO going forward into the fiscal 2007 era will be similar to what you are spending this year or will it be higher or lower?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We dont know  I dont have an answer for that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Louis Garrity, Morgan Stanley
Louis Garrity: Good afternoon, just on the handset issue it sounded like you were talking about a transceiver but I am sure you have a lot more content in those phones, power management, battery chargers, etc. So, I am just wondering did you see the same pricing pressure on those products outside of the transceiver area as the ASP of the handset went down.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, not really. You are right, Louis, there is our power management content is about equal  well that is not right. Its about a half of the amount of the transceiver. But there is no pressure on the power management or battery management, the pressure is in the transceivers and the base stations.
Louis Garrity: And do you expect to be able to keep that business if you exit another part of the phone you are in?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It is not a big deal, it is a small number.
Louis Garrity: Just in general, sort of backing up some of the best growth in the handset market has been coming from emerging markets that need those type of really low ASP so if we just think about this in other markets in consumer electronics, why wouldnt we see the same sort of thing happen say in MP3s, you pick any product area.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think you have - ok this is going to get into it; a subject and an area we dont have any ownership but, I don think that the handset manufacturers and the carriers necessarily understand some of the same things that maybe an Apple computer or an HP or Sony understand about product definition and defining markets and understanding what profitability is. I think that is the basic difference. The carriers and the handset manufacturers are not, they havent demonstrated that kind of performance. I think they dont manage their profitability that well. With regard to the situation that I described, Louis, there is a pretty logical reason for why CDMA prices are where they are; they are there because that why they sell the GSM phone for.
Louis Garrity: Just one question on the balance sheet  the cash balance is flat but the interest income was down a fair amount. I was just wondering if there was something else in that line that I might have missed given that interest rates are going up?
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Actually, if you looked at our average cash balance between Q2 and Q3, that average went about $125 million. That has to do with the repurchases we did in Q2. If you recall we did 9.2 million shares. It is just an average cash balance the actual interest rate, you are right, is kicking up somewhat. But, our cash went down and it came back up with the average was lower.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Rosenberg, William Blair and Co.
Jeff Rosenberg: Hi I just have one question  Jack, when you talked about shipping 62% of the turns you get this quarter, I think that implies you got a pretty specific forecast of what you expect turns to grow this quarter. Can you say what that is?
  Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually, Carl just corrected me  we are going ship, I think we are going to ship 66% of turns this quarter not 62% - I am sorry about that. But, your question was what? What was your question again?
Jeff Rosenberg: Just do you have a forecast of what you expect turns orders to do; do you expect them to grow sequentially.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: All I can tell you, I have no idea expect I know for 4-weeks our turns are up over 20% for what they were 4-weeks of last quarter. So, right now if I had to extrapolate, which I wont, we are not worried. We think our turns are going to be at least as good as they were last quarter which would be fine.
Jeff Rosenberg: If they are flat and you get 66% that would get you there?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I cant do flat. Theyd have to do more if they were flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ramesh Misra, CE Unterberg
Ramesh Misra: Good afternoon gentlemen. First a quick bookkeeping question  Jack, what were factory utilization levels at your FABs and in the backend during the quarter?  Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Yes, the FABs operated at 61% utilization last quarter; the end of line operating about 81%.
Ramesh Misra: And then, as you get into these new product areas, this may be hard to gauge as to where your margins will eventually fall out, but as you make that decision to pursue these product opportunities and how much of a hit are you willing to take on gross margins at the onset of the expectation that it will bounce back up?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We dont do that. We dont bet on things getting better. Well start off good, but we are out of there  that is wishful thinking. It will never get better so weve been in business for a long time, sometimes we make mistakes and make bad judgments but we are like a trader on the Chicago board of trade. We are in it or we are out it if it does meet our goals.
Ramesh Misra: So are still you in the high 60% range at that onset?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: On the onset of what?
Ramesh Misra: As you pursue those new product areas.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Anything that calculates out of the margin much below that we really will look hard at all of the other factors. It is not that we dont launch products that have margins in the low 60s, but when we do we are very, very careful of that and they dont  I guess what I can probably say there are very few exceptions. Every product we launch has a margin above 60%. It is just that some of them do not end up there by the time they get introduced or even after getting introduced. That is what we talk about in terms of managing our business. We are not married to something if we invest money in developing it, if it doesnt turn out the way it is supposed to we divorce it.
Ramesh Misra: And then finally, I think Tunc might have mentioned this very briefly  your cross-town rival has put in some more investment into the digital power/integrated power arena, I wanted to get a sense as to where Maxim was going in that arena.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Well, first of all, digital power area is still in its infancy. The only interest that we seen from our customers or from some customers, were very high end applications in the US and we really havent seen too much of it in other countries. But, it is an area where we thought was important for us and we have developed our first generation products and actually we showed it at APEC and we have begun sampling it. It really was the result of not really acquiring the technology. We developed it in-house because we already have invented micro controller technology and as I mentioned before we have data converters so all it needed was to listen to the customers and put together a definition and it ended up with a product that weve seen very good response to it at the conference. We do have a solution to that market but is it going to become mainstream next year, probably not.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The other thing is that it is a selected market and as a general solution is probably not cost effective it is has to find its place and where it can be cost effective and thats its biggest problem. It is versatile and thats why we are selling it and designing it, it is because the customer needs this programmability in wants to really configure software configure the functions and they are willing, but they are giving up they are not getting the lowest cost solution. So, its not a one stop shopping thing. You have to know what is what and who you are building them for and for what application. I think the other thing that LTC talked about which was their module business and the success theyve had on that and I think that is a good business. Modularizing some of the power management stuff they do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Demona Jenkowsky, Goldman Sachs
Demona Jenkowsky: Hi, thanks for taking my call. I just wanted to follow-up on your previous comments on some of the end markets having grown very significantly over the 6-months ago; I think you mentioned things like industrial networking, base stations, etc. Is there anyway you can point out how much of that growth, do you think, has been due to some of your new product introductions from the last 2 or 3-years kind of hitting their stride and starting to ship to customers verses how much was due to perhaps some of the end markets rebuilding from very low levels of inventory.
Peruz Pavarande, Group President: This is Peruz speaking. I think that I havent really quantified this so its going to be a little bit of a guess from this point, but we are seeing all three combinations or effect or methods that you talked about. One of them is, and in all these segments they have been focused markets (inaudible) and weve had a lot of product development in them. I would guess that, I would say that probably half the growth that weve seen has been because of the market growth and the other half has probably been because of our market share growth. But, that would be my answer to that  I would refer to Tunc if he has another view of that.
Tunc Delugha, Group President: Well in some of the ones that I do are in technology. For instance the camera market, which is one of the ones that Jack mentioned  thats really a combination of that market growing although that the growth of that market is stabilizing. It is mostly because weve gained a tremendous amount of market share and I think that in the other markets, it is more difficult to say that one I know for sure.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would think the telecom market; we got ourselves over the last 4-years design a lot of telecom equipment, and it was such at a low level of consumption, no equipment being bought at all. Now they started to build it. So we went from having not much of an install base to having a good install base and so even though the business is a small business weve seen some growth there. But, its not  again, its not one of the bigger numbers. The industrial instrumentation markets, those are growing actually and we are growing with them. I think I would be misstating to say that we had some remarkable market share gain, and not a lot of people participating in those markets; there are 3 or 4 companies. I think weve all grown well in those markets, linear technology, ADI, (inaudible). So that is more of the use of electronics worldwide is that industrial market. The automotive market has been a big emerging market and I think that most of us have yet to see the financial impact of the growth in that market, that is yet to come.
Demona Jenkowsky: That is very helpful, thank you for that clarification. And then, related, your bookings I think were up about 6% last quarter. Can you maybe split that up between your OEM or direct bookings verses the distributor bookings?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think they were up 7% - bookings are up 6% right? You may have to call back in.
Demona Jenkowsky: Yes, no problem. And just a last quick one on the model  maybe for Carl, can you just comment on your diluted share count going forward and what is the impact of the stock option or receive exchange on that?
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Ok, the option exchange program again you have the $2.4 million RSUs that were granted. Those will meter in over the 4 and 6 quarters as they fit. You can just maybe straight line that number if youd like. And then the rest has to do with how many exercises we have verses the repurchase program and what the stock prices are (inaudible). From an RSU and the exchange program, I would just straight line that number in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Ellis, Citigroup
Craig Ellis: On the capital expenditure program, I think going into the first calendar quarter we were looking for about $130 million for the fiscal year. The guidance in the current quarter put me in that picked up. What are you seeing in the business that is causing it to raise capital?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are going to spend; actually we spent about $65 million last quarter, this quarter extended. Well spend about $100 million in the quarter we are in right now and what we are doing is outfitting our FABs to handle the FY07 number of $2.4 billion . So we need to add equipment there and you have to do that 6-months in advance, so that is what we are spending money on right and paying for test equipment.
Craig Ellis: Any preliminary (inaudible) what we should expect in fiscal 2007?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I dont have the number right now, but I would estimate it to be about what we did last year; maybe not that much in the FY06 year.
Craig Ellis: And then for the $100 million in the current quarter, how would that break down between front end and back end?
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It is half and half.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from David Wu, Global Crown Capital
David Wu: I just wondered one thing, in terms of the orders that you are getting from both distributors and OEMs have they changed in terms of the profile in terms of how far they give you orders out or are they basically the same profile? In other words, most of the orders are in the next 60-days and there is not much beyond that or have they changed in the last quarters?
Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: No, they havent, David. The orders are basically all for turns in the next quarter and that is it. Nothing beyond 6-months and most of it is within 4-5-months. Actually, they are requesting deliveries of 8-weeks; that is the average delivery request that we get on our orders. That moved out about a week from last quarter. It was 7-weeks last quarter.
David Wu: So they are not laying out longer orders because the lead times, I guess in the foundries are getting tighter.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: The foundries, as we understand it, we are told their pretty much on allocation, but a lot of the (inaudible) companies have bought capacity so they are pretty much  that could be a problem but it is not a problem for us right now and there is no panic on the part of our customers right now as you pointed out. They are placing orders still within 4-months.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Tore Svanberg, Piper Jaffray
Tore Svanberg: Yes, just a quick one for Carl  Carl I think you gave us the pre-tax number for stock compensation expenses this quarter. Should we still assume about a 33% tax rate
  Carl Jasper, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer: That is correct. Operator, there are no further questions in the queue at this time.
Jack Gifford, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Operator. This does conclude Maxims conference call then, and we would like to thank you for your continued participation and interest in Maxim.
