===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ADM First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Welcome to the first quarter earnings conference call for ADM. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Juan Luciano, Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Monish Patolawala, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks on the call today, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the ADM website and through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation and the materials. Unless otherwise required by law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements due to new information or future events. In addition, during today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP or adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are available in our earnings press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of the ADM website. I'll now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan. Hello, and welcome to all who have joined the call. Please turn to Slide 4. Today, ADM reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.70. Total segment operating profit was $747 million for the quarter. Our trailing fourth quarter adjusted ROIC was 7%, and cash flow from operations before working capital changes was $439 million. ADM's first quarter results were aligned with our outlook and market expectations and our business operated well in a dynamic external environment. With uncertainty related to global trade and regulatory policy continuing to have an impact on the business, we were able to drive positive momentum in focused areas. Our Carbohydrate Solutions team delivered solid results supported by positive margins in sweeteners, along with strong execution in ethanol. Nutrition's performance in the first quarter, specifically in our Flavors and Animal Nutrition portfolios, is on a path to recovery. We also made important progress in getting our Decatur East facility back online as it moves into the final stages of recommissioning. Ag Services and Oilseeds was impacted by challenging conditions and overall market uncertainty and took actions to drive organizational realignment and network optimization. And thanks to our team's continued diligence in safety, I'm pleased to report that our Q1 total recordable incident rate was the lowest it has been in the history of ADM. These examples highlight our team's ability to drive our strategy forward, while focusing attention on the self-help and execution excellence agenda we outlined earlier in the year. Let's take a closer look at our progress in the first quarter. Please turn to Slide 5. In our last call, we shared a slate of self-help activities to enable us to deliver on execution and cost goals, drive simplification and strategic growth while maintaining continued capital discipline. We're taking a balanced approach to these efforts across the business. Let me share a few highlights. From a cost perspective, we made important progress on our target of $500 million to $750 million in cost savings over the next three to five years. This included a targeted workforce reduction to align our organization to our most critical priorities, along with a thorough review of third-party consulting spend. With this, we are seeing a reduction in our overall SG&A costs. We made the strategic decisions to deliver optimization across the network, including the recently announced closure of our Kershaw, South Carolina crush facility, exit of domestic trading operations in China and Dubai as well as the consolidation of several grain warehouses. We don't take actions that impact our colleagues and the communities where we operate lightly. I have engaged with these groups to clearly explain the rationale for our decisions and provide them with necessary transition support. We're also addressing challenges with operations uptime from our North America soy assets and we are now live with Decatur East and expect to have the plant at full run rate by the end of the second quarter. The focus on our Nutrition business is beginning to show positive results. Addressing demand fulfillment issues and leveraging our innovation capabilities in Flavors has supported a strong year-over-year operating profit. We've unlocked both simplification and growth potential in our recent Mitsubishi MOU announcement, focusing our combined teams on what they do best. We advance automation and digitization across our global manufacturing network, scaling successful pilots, improving reliability and efficiency and driving over a dozen new projects to deliver cost savings and smarter operations. We continue to invest in R&D related to health and wellness solutions. And in February, we announced a partnership with Asahi Global Foods Corporation to distribute an innovative postbiotic design to address challenges with the stress, mood and sleep. The expansion of our Regen Ag partnership and BioSolutions business is playing an important role in driving farmer resiliency, creating new high-value avenues for the sale of differentiated crops. Underpinning all this work, we remain focused on capital discipline and actively managing traditional channels to return cash to shareholders. As we look ahead to the remainder of the year, this self-help agenda will be critical to positioning ADM to manage through what continues to be an uncertain external landscape. We remain confident in our team's ability to take the balance of actions needed to support the result that matches the high expectations we have set for ourselves. Our team is keeping close to our customers and remain alert to both the challenges and the opportunities that we're seeing in the market. We're taking full advantage of the breadth of the investment we have made in our business over the past decade and the agility that provides. From our crush and export capabilities across the U.S., Argentina and Brazil to our expansive origination network to our expertise in formulation to our portfolio of ingredients, including all natural colors and flavors, all of these add to ADM's ability to support rapidly evolving needs. With that, let me hand it over to Monish to share a deeper dive into first quarter financial results and our 2025 outlook.
Monish Patolawala: Thank you, Juan. Please turn to Slide 6. To start, let me provide some perspective on the operating backdrop that shaped the first quarter for the AS&O segment. As we expected, market disruptions related to biofuel policy uncertainty negatively impacted biodiesel and renewable diesel margins and U.S. vegetable oil demand. We also experienced higher global soybean stock levels and an increase in Argentinian crush rates, which pressured global soybean meal value. Additionally, trade policy uncertainty, particularly with Canada and China, created volatility throughout the quarter for canola meal and oil. Taken together, these factors resulted in significantly lower meal and vegetable oil values, pulling down margins across our businesses. Overall, against this backdrop, AS&O segment operating profit for the first quarter was $412 million, down 52% compared to the prior year quarter with declines across all subsegments. In the Ag Services subsegment, operating profit was $159 million, down 31% versus the prior year quarter, driven primarily by lower North American origination export volumes as order flow was impacted by trade policy uncertainty. North American origination results also reflect the additional expense of $34 million recorded in the period for anticipated export duty. Global trade results were lower relative to the same quarter last year, largely due to the negative timing impact, partially offset by higher destination marketing volumes and margins. Total net timing impacts were approximately $48 million year-over-year. In the crushing subsegment, operating profit was $47 million, down 85%. Consistent with the previously provided outlook, both global soybean and canola crush execution margins was significantly lower than the prior year quarter. Global executed crush margins were approximately $13 per ton lower in soybeans compared to the prior year quarter and approximately $40 per ton lower in canola. By region, crush margins were down significantly in North America. North America soybean crush margins were negatively impacted by additional capacity from new crushing facilities and lower soybean oil demand stemming from biofuel policy uncertainty. North America canola crush margins were negatively impacted by trade policy uncertainty and lower canola oil demand for biofuel production. There were net negative timing impacts of approximately $36 million year-over-year. In the Refined Products and Other subsegment, operating profit was $134 million, down 21% compared to the prior year quarter due to lower biodiesel and refining margins. In EMEA, margins declined due to significantly lower biodiesel export volume. In North America, refining margins were negatively impacted by additional industry crush capacity and lower demand for vegetable oil due to biofuel policy uncertainty. There were net positive timing impacts of approximately $34 million year-over-year. Equity earnings on the company's investment in Wilmar was $72 million, down 52% compared to the prior year quarter. Overall, during a challenging quarter, the AS&O team executed on operational improvement like plant and network consolidation and took actions to accelerate cost savings, starting with targeted organization realignment to partially mitigate the less favorable market conditions and be in an excellent position to capture opportunities as we move through the remainder of the year. Turning to Slide 7. For the first quarter, Carbohydrate Solutions segment operating profit was $240 million, down 3% compared to the prior year quarter. Operating profit for this segment came in slightly ahead of our previously provided segment guidance for the quarter. In the Starches and Sweeteners subsegment, operating profit was $207 million, down 21% compared to the prior year quarter. In North America, S&S results were lower due to lower starch margins from demand softness in the paper and corrugated markets, as well as lower North American wet mill ethanol results due to lower ethanol margins. In EMEA, S&S volumes and margins declined as higher corn costs and increased competition negatively impacted results. As a partial offset, North American liquid sweetener margins improved relative to the prior year quarter due to better product mix. Global wheat milling margins and volumes also improved relative to the prior year quarter, largely due to volume growth with key customers. In the Vantage Corn Processors subsegment, operating profit was $33 million, up compared to the prior year quarter due to higher ethanol volumes and improved ethanol margins relative to the prior year quarter. Overall, ethanol EBITDA margins per gallon were slightly negative in the quarter. Turning to Slide 8. In the first quarter, Nutrition segment revenues were $1.8 billion, down 1% compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to negative currency impact. Human Nutrition revenue was up 4% due to strong Flavors growth and M&A, which offset headwinds related to supply chain challenges from Decatur East. Animal Nutrition revenue was down 6% as negative currency impacts and lower volumes offset mix benefits. Nutrition segment operating profit was $95 million for the first quarter, up 13% versus the prior year quarter. Human Nutrition subsegment operating profit was $75 million, down 1% compared to the prior year quarter as improved performance in Flavors was more than offset by declines in specialty, ingredients and health and wellness. Animal Nutrition subsegment operating profit of $20 million was higher than the prior year quarter due to higher margins supported by ongoing turnaround actions. Please turn to Slide 9. Through the end of the first quarter, the company generated cash flow from operations before working capital of approximately $439 million, down relative to the prior quarter due to lower total segment operating profit. Solid cash generation and our strong balance sheet remain a critical differentiator for the company. We will continue to seek opportunities to further strengthen our balance sheet to provide financial flexibility to organically invest in the business to enhance returns and create long-term value. We are also taking actions to ensure working capital excellence through stronger rigor on working capital planning, inventory rationalization, improvement of key account payable metrics and more timely collection of past due balances. At the same time, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders and we returned $247 million to shareholders in the form of dividends in the quarter. Turning to Slide 10. We have provided details to support our 2025 consolidated outlook. Earlier today, we affirmed our full year adjusted EPS guidance. We continue to expect adjusted earnings per share to be between $4 to $4.75 per share, though we now expect to be at the lower end of the guidance range given the current market backdrop. In particular, we remain cautious about our second half outlook for crush margin improvement as current domestic crush replacement margins are below our outlook. With the uncertainty related to tariff policy and macroeconomic conditions, we are not providing segment operating profit guidance for future quarters. We are providing directional guidance at the segment level for the full year. Our directional guidance for operating profit for the full year for Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition has not changed from our previously provided indication. With performance to date and continued pressure on crush margins in the second quarter, we are lowering our directional guidance for AS&O for the full year to be lower than the prior year. As an additional data point, current crush margins for the second quarter are trending lower than the first quarter. I also want to share some updates on our overall assumption. We still expect better crush and biodiesel margins in the second half of the year as clarity on renewable volume obligation or RVO is expected to support strong U.S. demand for crop-based vegetable oil. We also expect to deliver our $200 million to $300 million cost savings target for the year, and have already taken several actions that are delivering savings. We are working thoughtfully to accelerate saving realization where possible. We have seen some signs of weakening customer demand, particularly in Carb Solutions and have lowered our volume expectations for select markets and products. While we are not embedding any significant macroeconomic slowdown in our guide, we are actively monitoring consumer demand. To conclude, as we navigate 2025, our focus will remain on what is within our control. A full commitment to remediating the material weakness and making strides to strengthen our internal controls, driving execution, to improve operational performance and lower cost while sustaining functional excellence, simplifying our portfolio to enhance focus on core competencies while unlocking additional capital to drive value and position the company for long-term success. These efforts position us in our ability to navigate the current dynamic environment and reinforce our confidence in delivering on our commitments. Before I hand it back to Juan, I want to take a few minutes to thank all my ADM colleagues for their dedication and focus in delivering for our customers and helping to create long-term value for our shareholders. Back to you, Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thanks, Monish. I'll briefly close by recapping our focus as we continue the path into 2025. As I said at the top of the call, we will continue to focus on both execution, agility and our self-help agenda. Our teams are monitoring the evolving geopolitical and macroeconomic landscape, and they are taking actions as we get more clarity about both the short and long-term situation. Importantly, we are leveraging cost management, strategic simplification, targeted investments and capital discipline to ensure we are prepared for a multitude of scenarios. The potential impacts on our mitigating actions look different for each part of the business. For Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition, we are paying close attention to overall consumer sentiment and the potential for an economic slowdown to mitigate against this, we're taking aggressive action on our manufacturing and SG&A costs. In Nutrition, specifically, we are focused on getting our East plant fully ramped up, optimizing our Animal Nutrition business model, leveraging our leading specialty ingredients portfolio, including all natural colors and flavors, and ensuring we are continuing to execute against a healthy opportunity pipeline in flavors and health and wellness. For Ag Services and Oilseeds, we are monitoring the global trade and biofuel policy environment to ensure that we can enable the export market for our vast origination footprint and take advantage of improving demand conditions later in the year. On trade policy, we have seen positive signals with both delays in implementing tariffs to potential avoidance of tariffs and counter tariffs. The decision regarding USTR's Section 301 proposal have mitigated some of the potential impact of transporting commodity products between China and the U.S. And more broadly, for China exports, we will need to see where things stand as we approach the U.S. soybean harvest in the October to December period. Beyond trade, strong policy support for biofuels, including clarity on RVO is expected to support strong U.S. demand for crop-based vegetable oils. In this business, beyond general market improvements, we will continue our focus on both cost management and strategic simplification self-help efforts to manage through uncertainty. As noted by Monish, these factors support our confidence in our full year guidance for 2025, though with current fundamentals, we will be at the lower end of our range. We are a U.S. company that is fundamental to the global food, feed and energy supply chains, connecting consumers with farmers to fuel the world and keep the U.S. agriculture sector competitive. We have a long track record of navigating cycles and are focused on resiliency, which comes from our unparalleled asset network and our employees' commitment to excellence. As in the past, regardless of external challenges and market disruptions, ADM is working with our farmers and customers to be a source of strengthening the economy, always fulfilling our mission to unlock the power of nature, to enrich the quality of life. With that, we'll take your questions now. Operator, please open the line.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Tom Palmer of Citi. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. Maybe just to start out, I wanted to ask on your expectation for the RPO and how this guides your outlook for 2025? So when we think about biodiesel margins in the back half of the year, should we be thinking that we could see a return to last year's levels? When we look at crush margins, is the assumption that we could see a return to kind of the original guidance, which I think was $45 to $55 per metric ton per soy and $50 to $70 for canola. Just any help on kind of the shape of the year in terms of the second half and how the RVO influences that. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Tom, for the question. As you pointed out, we see a strong RVO as the most important driver for the biofuel outlook. We understand that the RVO's role is being developed, and we are engaged with the administration on the important role of the RFS and strong RVOs to support the domestic market for U.S. farmers, and to support a strong American energy independent. And we are confident that EPS is a priority. So of course, at the moment, the industry is not running at rates to satisfy mandated volumes. And we expect, and the logic implies that margins need to go up to bring run rates higher in the second half. When we go to crush, and we're probably going to see that by RINs improving as we go forward. When we go to crush, we have seen strong demand for soybean meal. Of course, there has been a strong crush rates in Argentina, Brazil and the U.S. But we've seen that leg is supportive. Of course, when we cannot produce all these biofuels in the U.S., oil goes to fight with -- for export markets. And that's the weak leg at this point in time. So we expect that with RVOs coming back, we will be able to come back to the original expectations and maybe we had at the beginning of the year.
Monish Patolawala: Just from a math perspective, since you asked specific comp. First quarter we -- as my script says, we ended $13 below last year, so around $40, $43 in Q1. In soy, canola was last year, was around $100. So we are somewhere -- we were $40, $35 to $40 lower. Q2 is currently trending lower than Q1 from a crush rate perspective. Part of it is timing because we do get book on before the quarter is in. So Q2 is lower both in canola and in soy. And then as Juan said, we are expecting a ramp-up in the second half. Of course, now it's going to be a wider range because Q1 and Q2 are lower. So when we originally said we would be in the 40 to -- we had said 45 to 55, we are now saying $40 to $65 for the year on soy and then canola, we had said 50 to 70, we are at the 45 to 65. So as Juan explained it, when we do come back in the second half, you would come back to margins that we had originally expected. But since the first half is lower, the total number gets impacted. So hopefully, I answered your question.
Tom Palmer: Thank you. That was very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik of BMO. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Juan Luciano: Good morning.
Andrew Strelzik: I actually wanted to follow up on the RVO. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the kind of RVO line of questioning. Is there a specific RVO kind of number or range that you're assuming to get to those types of outcomes or how do you maybe think about that, number one? And number two, just more broadly, what is a positive RVO outcome for ADM? Is there like a breakeven RVO above which you see it as a positive outcome below, which is negative. We've obviously seen the reporting north of $5 billion. So I'm just curious how you think about maybe the range of outcomes and how it impacts your business? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. I would say the industry ask to a certain degree is like $5.2 billion of biomass-based biodiesel and maybe $15 billion conventional, so a total of $25 billion, $25.5 billion I think, as I said, we are engaged with administration. We understand that the EPA understands the importance of this. It helps with all the priorities the administration has set up, which is to help the agricultural farming. We need to do that by expanding export markets but also by solidifying internal consumption and biofuel is an excellent way to do that, and also to improve energy dominance, which another objective. So we're engaged. I mean we finished -- as you know, the guidance on all these ended on the 90-day comment period ended in April. So we are expecting that the administration is tackling these hopefully soon. So -- but the industry depends on that.
Monish Patolawala: Just Andrew, I'll build on you asked the impact to ADM for like -- I'll just talk second half of 2025, because the assumption is that replacement margins would move up. So if replacement margins did not move up between now to the end of the year, then that's a $0.50 additional headwind. So that's the impact that we are counting on a recovery in the second half from an RVO perspective or from crush margins, which is heavily driven by what RVOs become.
Andrew Strelzik: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Morning. Thank you for the question. I had a question about RPO. So I know there was a -- I think it was a $34 million year-on-year positive timing benefit. But even adjusted for that, given how weak the environment was in the U.S. and the lower -- much lower export volumes out of EMEA. Just curious what drove the strength there? And I know it's significantly lower than the past few years, but prior to the RD rush we saw over the past few years, I mean that was a pretty good showing. But just wondering what were the positives in that given the very challenged backdrop here in the U.S.?
Juan Luciano: So Heather, I would say, yes, in the short run, it was a little better. But when you look at it for the whole year and how our guide is based, I would say, in total, we still continue to see RPO to be softer. And you have seen most of the items, biodiesel margins have already come off significantly. And part of it is driven by just extra volume, pretreatment capacity, et cetera. In EMEA, the margins are also significantly lower than the prior year, where again, we experienced benefits from U.S. SME market flows. And then third, when you just think about the backdrop with the implementation of 45Z as well as all the extra refining capacity that exists, that will continue to weigh on margins. So I would say, in total, taken together, RPO will be significantly low versus the prior year. And that's what we had thought coming into the year, and that's what we continue to think sitting as of right now.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rahi Parikh: Hi everyone. This is Rahi on for Ben. Thank you so much for the color today. Just regarding tariffs, can you give us more color on trade flow shift, i.e., how you're replacing Chinese demand? And maybe how much of a drop in volume was related to China and Ag Services. Do you have a percentage of profit or revenue that normally relates to China? Thank you so much.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Hi Rahi, listen, at the end of the day, I would say, if you look at Q1. If you think how all these tariffs or this thing has settled, the impact has not been that significant in Q1. Probably the biggest impact we have had has been from speculation about what the USTR Section 301 maritime issue was going to be. But in reality, when USTR issued a ruling, it basically almost removed all the risk from agricultural experts. So we've been pleased to see the administration have paused for 90 days, the implementation of some of these, while we still try to negotiate agreements with the different parties. But if you think about Mexico and Canada export tariffs, basically 98% of our products are exempt from that. So we didn't feel any impact there. Corn, Europe, they delayed the retaliation on corn until July and in soybean until December. And although on China, we escalated, the reality is the U.S. is not going to be competitive to China for the second and third quarter because that's when Brazil and Argentina become most competitive. And we come back in October when there is the U.S. harvest. So we have until then to see how this clarifies. So that's where we see the situation today. Again, we are working as you said how to offset the impact of that, for us. We work directly in the U.S. with 60,000 farmers. It's important for them the access to export markets. So there are going to be export markets where we're going to be gaining share. Remember also that China has moved to Brazil to a certain, -- to a bigger extent in the previous issue with trade in 2017 or 2018. So the reliance on U.S. export into China is not that big, probably for soybeans is in the range of 20 million tons, if you will, if that were the total impact. And then I think China export, so I think that that's the impact at this point in time, we were pleased to see, as I said, USTR Section 301, was sold favorably for agricultural experts.
Rahi Parikh: Okay. Thank you so much.
Juan Luciano: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pooran Sharma of Stephens. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Sorry, Pooran, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Pooran Sharma: Apologies about that. Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question, here. Just wanted to ask about the soy crush industry. Just with all the announcements with new crush capacity coming online in North America and then just with the weak fundamental backdrop that we've had over the last several months, how have you heard of any signs of rationalization or signs of pause in adding this new capacity in the industry? Do you anticipate anything to come online or be delayed in 2026 and beyond?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, we can speculate for what others are doing. I mean we try to manage what we can control. As you heard in the prepared remarks, I mean we are in the process of shutting down one of our plants in Kershaw. And I think we continue to see -- continue to check for the competitiveness of our plants. We have a lot of self-help agenda to try to continue to improve that. Volumes have been improving there on an unplanned nature. Of course, the industry will take some plant shutdowns when demand is not there. We have seen it also in biodiesel where a lot of the nonintegrated plants have to go down. I think it's important to know that all these capacity, the crush capacity has been brought to comply with the expected RVO mandates, and that's what we think is so important to bring clarity into that because we were in the process of building a renewable green diesel industry and everybody built in anticipation of that supporting U.S. manufacturing. So I think it's important that at the moment we clarify the rules, all this capacity that has been invested in will make sense.
Pooran Sharma: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Good morning. And thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on Argentina, cited as a headwind for crush in the quarter. But we've been kind of seeing some headlines that farmer selling there is off to a historically slow start. So maybe you could just put a finer point around what you've assumed for the commercialization of that crop for the balance of the year as it relates to the guidance? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Steven. In Argentina, the farmer basically kept about 7 million tons of the old crop waiting for the valuation that in reality did not happen. So I would say, you should expect now the farmer to become a little bit more regular commercializer of the crop as they need to take advantage of the tax advantages they get from the government before they expire in about two months. So I think you're going to see a little bit of an acceleration. But yes, as an Argentine farmer myself, we withheld about 7 million tons of this expecting a devaluation that didn't come.
Steven Haynes: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tami Zakaria of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much. So my question is on Starches and Sweeteners. Could you comment what volume growth was for S&S in the quarter? And more importantly, what volume growth you expect for the full year? I heard you say you're seeing some weakness in some customer demand and adjusted volume outlook because of that. So any thoughts on volume growth as we think about 2025?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you for the question, Tami. Listen, when I think about the overall Carb Solutions business, and we have said our guidance was slightly lower than last year, and we are reiterating that guidance. We see, in general, solid demand, solid volumes and margins across the business. There are some pockets of weakness here or there. One, our results in Europe, are going to be a little bit lower because we have higher corn costs in Europe and a little bit lower volumes. And there is some weakness in Starches in either the paper industry, maybe not running in all cylinders, and some of the exports to Mexico with all this uncertainty about tariffs or no tariffs, I think that maybe some of the exports from the U.S. to Mexico has been a little bit soft in March, maybe picking up a little bit in April. So I would say the overall tone is in general solid but not very robust, if you will.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Yes. Good morning. I want to ask about a couple a couple of things that -- to clarify a couple of things about your Q1 earnings and the outlook. In VCP, firstly, you had some pretty solid operating income, even though AS&O margins by calculations were at multiyear lows. So how was it so much better both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter? And how should we think about it for the rest of the year? And similarly, on Nutrition, I think the Q1 guidance was for a 50% drop year-on-year and said you delivered 13% growth. So what was the difference versus expectations? And does this mean that the full year directional guidance that you reiterated now implies much stronger earnings growth than before?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Salvator. So let me take that by pieces. So on the ethanol side, as you pointed out, I think our team outperformed the markets and the industry. I think it was good risk management by the team. So, kudos to the team. In general, we see, hopefully, margins improving over the year for ethanol. But ethanol in this environment is a little bit of a question mark. We believe that ethanol could potentially see some benefits from higher exports as some of these trade agreements get resolved, because there are opportunities as a very cheap oxygenate for ethanol to make it into blends around the world. When we think about Nutrition, I think we've been highlighting that we've been doing a lot of foundational improvements in Nutrition. And at one point in time, they start to come into the P&L. So we started to see the fruits of some of these improvements. I think that our value proposition continues to resonate strongly in the Flavor area, in the Health & Wellness area, especially Health & Wellness, a lot of the biotics coming into play. They do very well there. I think we have had a lot of successes or we are working a lot in terms of things like Ag replacement or Ag extension, data replacement, Beverage industry continues to favor some of our solutions. And we have seen a lot of activity and requests for our line of natural colors. And we see our teams engaging with our customers on that. So it was purely driven by the improvement in Flavors, the strength in Health & Wellness and also improvements in Animal Nutrition. Animal Nutrition, although not a revenue growth story, it's a margin improvement story, and the team has been working hard at that. And we started to see the improvements to that as well. Of course, Specialty Ingredients has been the downside of Nutrition and the headwind, and we have been to report that finally, the East plant is being commissioned right now. So it's starting to operate. And we expect that to be a positive year-over-year for the second half of the year if the plant gets to full capacity.
Monish Patolawala: Salvator, just one more for you on ethanol cadence, we were slightly below breakeven in Q1. And we expect to be slightly above breakeven in Q2 based on where we are today.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you, Monish.
Monish Patolawala: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from Manav Gupta of UBS. Manav, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Good morning guys. I just wanted to confirm, Decatur would be fully restarted by the second quarter. So should we assume some contribution for the second quarter? Or should we assume the contribution starting in second half? And remind us of all the benefits for the company once this plant is fully up and running and operational. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Manav. I think you should consider, given that it is a very complex plant that the impact will be in the second half of the year. So the plant is ramping up capacity right now, but effectively, it will impact the P&L in the second half. And we have said before, the impact of this plant being down was about $25 million per quarter for Nutrition, so that's kind of the expectation for the second half of the year.
Manav Gupta: Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Manav.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will now turn the call back to Megan Britt, for any further remarks.
Megan Britt: We'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today and for their ongoing interest in ADM. If there are additional questions following the call today, please feel free to reach out directly to me. Have a wonderful rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you all for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to ADM Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Welcome to the fourth quarter earnings conference call for ADM. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Juan Luciano, Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Monish Patolawala, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks on the call today, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the ADM website and through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on filed with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation and the materials. Unless otherwise required by law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements due to new information or future events. In addition, during today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP or adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are available on our earnings press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of the ADM website. I'll now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan. Hello, and welcome to all of who have joined the call. Please turn to slide four where we have captured our fourth quarter and full-year performance highlights. Today, ADM reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.14, and full-year adjusted earnings per share of $4.74, in line with the midpoint of our guidance for the full-year. Total segment operating profit was $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter and $4.2 billion for the full-year. Our trailing four-quarter adjusted ROIC was 8.3%. And cash flow from operations before working capital changes was $3.3 billion. Though 2024 presented a variety of challenges, our diligent focus on improving operation has made a positive impact across the network. We achieved strong crush volumes in canola and rapeseed, as well as our -- in our LATAM region. We made progress in addressing challenges in North America in soy assets, reducing unplanned downtime, and improving crush volumes in the month of December. We successfully ramped up run rates to meet demand at our Spiritwood facility over the course of 2024. We achieved a strong year in Starches & Sweeteners, where improved plant performance led to 3% higher production volume year-over-year, helping several product lines in our North America business set operating profit records. We made progress in addressing demand fulfillment challenges in EMEA flavors, while successfully integrating two new flavors acquisitions announced in early 2024. We improved our safety record significantly with a more than 35% year-over-year reduction in Tier 1 and 2 process safety incidents across our global network. In addition, we advanced key innovation initiatives in areas such as biosolutions and health & wellness, continuing to support growing customer demand in these parts of the business. And through this, we were able to maintain a strong balance sheet to ensure continued investment in the business and return of cash to shareholders and earlier today we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend making our 93rd consecutive year of uninterrupted dividends. As we wrap up 2024, we are encouraged that we're gaining operational momentum and we see opportunities to drive additional value. But we also recognize that the external environment continues to pose uncertainties and challenges. Please turn to slide five. We've entered 2025 knowing that we need to remain agile to manage through shifts in both trade and regulatory policy around the world along with the related impacts on geographic supply and demand. With a global asset base and constantly evolving product innovation, our team is prepared to pivot as needed to support the resiliency of the Ag, food, energy and industrial sectors we serve. We're taking these factors into account as we define our business priorities for 2025 with an emphasis on continuing to improve in the areas we control. First, we are focused on execution and cost management. Having made progress on the issues that impacted North American soy operations, we are applying that experience to the broader global network to drive further operational improvement and cost reductions. Similarly, we are applying what we learned from addressing demand fulfillment challenges in EMEA flavors to drive improvements in similarly challenged areas such as pet nutrition. We're actively managing our sourcing efforts to take advantage of lower pricing in many of our core input costs such as chemicals and energy. This cost agenda has also supported realigning our focus on data analytics to identify and assess new savings opportunities quickly. We're aggressively managing our SG&A and corporate cost as we make shifts in the business portfolio and lean into our strengthening digital capabilities. We have been diligent in finding ways to prioritize our own organization's work which has highlighted opportunities to eliminate non-critical third-party spend and structurally align our organization against our most critical efforts. As part of this prioritization effort, we announced that we're taking targeted action across both business and corporate functions to reduce approximately 600 to 700 roles including approximately 150 unfilled positions. Decisions impacting our team members are never easy to make and we are ensuring these colleagues are receiving transition support and an opportunity to apply for other critical roles within the company. In total, we anticipate the result of these cost actions to deliver in the range of $500 million to $750 million over the next three to five years with $200 million to $300 million in 2025. In conjunction with improving our cost position, our second focus is on strategic simplification. As a company that has grown substantially over the past decade, we are continually evaluating how our portfolio balances the evolving needs of our customers, our expectations to achieve our returns objectives, and our ability to be the most efficient operators of each part of the business. Both the current external environment and our performance in specific business segments and geographies over the past few years have highlighted additional opportunities to strategically assess how we are focusing our operational capabilities. With this, we are considering a phased approach to areas of potential simplification looking at our business through a variety of lenses with a particular focus on places where we see a history of performance challenges, deteriorating demand and or excess capacity that do not have a clear path to improvement, assets that may require capital investment that does not meet our expected returns objectives, opportunities for targeted synergy acceleration including potential closures and divestiture where we see an overlapping capabilities and asset footprint, determining who is the best owner/operator for assets that might not be assessed as critical to ADM's future growth trajectory. And along with these, we are ensuring our organization, both our colleagues and strategic partners, are aligned and focused on the most critical sources of value. We have currently identified a pipeline of approximately $2 billion in portfolio opportunities. And we will execute on this over time with the objective of maximizing value for ADM shareholders. Please turn to slide six, where we will talk about two more areas of focus in 2025 associated with capital management. First, as we look at the strategic growth opportunities, we will continue to invest in value drivers. Our strategy continues to be based on the balance of both productivity and innovation, And growth-oriented organic investment remains part of that equation. We've highlighted areas where investments have been paying off over the past year, from our modernization and digitization efforts across our facilities, to the ramp-up of additional capacities such as Spiritwood to support renewable diesel demand, to the global partnerships we have announced in regen ag, supporting farmers' resiliency. All of these represent targeted areas where our business segments are evolving with our customers and finding ways to deliver a strong return on our investments. Looking now to 2025 and beyond, we will continue to make targeted investments in part of the portfolio where we can drive further growth and differentiation, whether that's continuing plant digitization and upgrading our equipment to enhance operating leverage, expanding destination marketing volumes in targeted markets, continuing to build out our decarbonization solution portfolio, or supporting the continued evolution of the biofuels and energy sector. Investments in areas such as biosolutions, destination marketing, and biotics have helped us to drive double-digit growth and serves as a model for new investments. The portfolio above represents proven winners that are not only organically improving ADM, but also helping us establish foundations for the next wave of growth. We will also continue to return cash to shareholders through our traditional channels. In 2024, we kept our focus on returning capital to shareholders through repurchases and dividends, all while maintaining our leverage ratio at our desired target. We have extended our existing share repurchase program by 100 million shares, which we will approach opportunistically and to address dilution. We've announced another dividend increase, continuing the cycle of annual increases for over 50 consecutive years. And through this, we expect to maintain a leverage ratio of approximately 2.0 times. To summarize, looking across the focus areas for 2025, we are committed to continuing to improving the areas we control, and we feel confident that this will allow ADM to deal with external uncertainties and challenges while positioning the company for long-term success. Our team has managed our business through multiple challenging windows of time over nearly 125 years. And I fully expect us to rise to the occasion again in 2025. With that, I will hand it over to Monish to share a deeper dive on 2024 financial results and our 2025 outlook.
Monish Patolawala: Thank you, Juan. Please turn to slide seven. Before jumping into segment performance, let me quickly recap some of the financial highlights for the fourth quarter and full-year 2024. While the fourth quarter played out largely as expected, we experienced negative pressure from market conditions later in December. For the full-year, we finished within our previously guided adjusted earnings per share range. The team remained focused on key self-help actions to finish the year and enter into 2025 on a stronger footing. Now, transitioning into highlights on segment performance and starting with AS&O. To start, let me provide some perspective on the broader market environment and the dynamics that shaped the fourth quarter. The operating landscape was challenging in the fourth quarter, with biofuel and trade policy uncertainty at the forefront. Ample global supplies, higher crush rates from Argentina, and uncertainty in biofuel and trade policy negatively impacted the crush environment. We also experienced high manufacturing costs. As a result, soybean and canola crush execution margins were approximately $10 per ton and $20 per ton lower respectively versus the prior period. Also included in the fourth quarter results for our crushing subsegment were $52 million of insurance proceeds related to the partial settlement of the Decatur East and Decatur West insurance claims. Increased pretreatment capacity at renewable diesel facilities as well as the continued elevated import levels of used cooking oil also weighed on both biodiesel and refining margins during the quarter. From a food oil perspective, we continue to experience softer demand from customers as they looked to cut costs. The origination environment was supportive in North America as the logistical challenges related to the U.S. river level eased compared to the prior year. Overall, against this backdrop, AS&O segment operating profit for the fourth quarter was $644 million, down 32% compared to the prior year period. For the full-year, AS&O's segment operating profit for the fourth quarter was $644 million down 32% compared to the prior year period. For the full-year AS&O segment operating profit of $2.4 billion was 40% lower versus the prior year. Looking at subsegment performance for the full-year, Ag Services' subsegment operating profit of $715 million was 39% lower versus the prior year, driven primarily by lower South American origination volumes and margins, in part due to industry take or pay contracts. The stabilization of trade flows also led to fewer opportunities in our global trade business. Crushing subsegment operating profit of $844 million was 35% lower versus the prior year as ample global supplies drove more balanced supply and demand conditions, which negatively impacted margins throughout the year. Executed crush margins were approximately $10 per ton lower versus the prior year in soybean and approximately $15 per ton lower in canola versus the prior year. There were net negative timing impacts of approximately $165 million year-over-year. The full-year also included $76 million of insurance proceeds for the partial settlement of the Decatur East and Decatur West claims related to the incidents in 2023. Refined products and other subsegment operating profit of $552 million was 58% lower compared to the prior year as increased pretreatment capacity at renewable diesel facilities, higher imports of used cooking oil, aggressive competition among food oil suppliers to serve customer demand, and biofuel policy uncertainty negatively impacted margins. There were net negative timing impacts of approximately $430 million year-over-year. Equity earnings from the company's investment in Wilmar was $336 million for the full-year, 11% higher compared to the prior year. Turning to slide eight, carbohydrate solutions unfolded as expected in the fourth quarter as operating profit was largely in line with the prior year. The results reflected robust demand for ethanol; however, higher industry production drove a lower margin environment. Results also reflected strong North American starches and sweeteners performance, as well as $37 million of insurance proceeds related to both the partial settlement of the Decatur East and Decatur West insurance claims. For the full-year 2024, carbohydrate solution segment operating profit of $1.4 billion was flat compared to the prior year. Starches and sweeteners subsegment operating profit of $1.3 billion was slightly higher compared to the prior year, as strong volumes and margins in North America were offset by weaker co-product values and lower margins in EMEA and ethanol. The full-year also included $84 million of insurance proceeds for the partial settlement of the Decatur East and Decatur West claims related to the incidents in 2023. Vantage Corn Processes subsegment Operating profit of $33 million was 28% lower compared to the prior year as lower margins due to the higher industry production more than offset robust demand for ethanol exports. Turning to slide nine, in the fourth quarter in the nutrition segment, weaker consumer demand and ongoing headwinds from unplanned downtime at Decatur East drove lower organic revenues. Operating profit was $88 million in the fourth quarter, higher year-over-year due to improved mix, lapping the negative non-recurring items in the prior year and insurance recoveries of $46 million related to the partial settlement of the Decatur East insurance claim. The quarter also included a negative impact due to higher cost of goods sold associated with the termination of an unfavorable supply agreement. Fully on nutrition revenues was $7.3 billion up 2% compared to the prior year. On an organic basis, revenue was down 3%. Human nutrition revenue was roughly flat organically as headwinds related to the unplanned downtime and down time at Decatur East and texturants pricing offset improved mix and volumes in flavors and health and wealth. Animal nutrition revenue declined due to unfavorable mix, negative currency impacts in Brazil and lower volumes due to demand fulfillment challenges. Full-year nutrition segment operating profit of $386 million was 10% lower versus the prior year. Human nutrition subsegment operating profit of $327 million was 22% lower compared to the prior year, primarily driven by unplanned downtime at Decatur East and higher manufacturing costs, partially offset by improved performance in the health and wellness business, favorable mix in the flavors business, and M&A contributions. The human nutrition subsegment full-year results also included $71 million of insurance proceeds for the partial settlement of the Decatur East claim related to an incident in 2023. Animal nutrition subsegment operating profit of $59 million was higher than the prior year due to higher margins supported by cost optimization actions to improve mix and an increase in volume. Please turn to slide 10. In 2024, the company generated cash flow from operations before working capital of approximately $3.3 billion, down 30% relative to the prior year due to lower total segment operating profit. Despite the decline, solid cash generation supported our ability to invest in our business and return excess cash to shareholders. In 2024, the company returned $3.3 billion in the form of dividends and share repurchases allocated $1.6 billion to capital expenditures to support the reliability of our assets and cost efficiencies, and approximately $1 billion to M&A announced in 2023 and completed in January 2024. Our strong capital structure remains a critical differentiator for the company. We will continue to seek opportunities to further strengthen our balance sheet to provide us financial flexibility to organically invest in the business to enhance returns and create long-term value. As Juan mentioned, targeted portfolio simplification actions, including consolidation and divestitures, will help align our focus on value creation. At the same time, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders and will look to offset dilution and opportunistically seek share repurchases. We recently announced an increase in our quarterly dividend as well as an extension of our share repurchase program which is up to an additional 100 million shares over the next five-year period. Please turn to slide 11. We have already touched on some of the external market dynamics that we navigated in December, and several of these dynamics are expected to persist and create pressure on our first-half results for 2025, particularly for our AS&O segment. These include market headwinds related to U.S. biofuel policy uncertainty that had negatively impacted U.S. vegetable oil demand and biodiesel margins, higher global soybean stock levels and an increase in Argentinian crush rates, which have pressured global soybean meal values, and trade policy uncertainty with Canada and China, which has driven volatility for canola crush margins. Taken together, these factors are driving significantly lower meal and vegetable oil values, which is reflected by replacement crush margins in North America near $40 per metric ton for soybean and $50 per metric ton for canola. In both cases, these are well below the levels that we experienced in the first-half of last year. As we look to the second-half of 2025, we see signs that make us optimistic about margin improvement over the course of the year. One clear indication is board crush value signaling a carry in the market in the second-half. Additionally, as we progress through the year, we expect policy uncertainty to clear and strong fundamentals to support better crush and biodiesel margins. In particular, we expect clarity on 45Z guidance to support strong U.S. demand for crop-based vegetable oil. We also expect expansion of global biofuels policy to support global vegetable oil demand. Key examples include Brazil with increases in biodiesel mandates and the newly implemented SAF mandates in Europe. Lastly, we expect improvement in the livestock sector to support robust meal demand. Overall, with the market set up into 2025, we are focused on operational improvements and accelerating cost savings to partially mitigate the less favorable market conditions and be in an excellent position to capture opportunities in the second-half. Turning to slide 12, we have provided details that support our 2025 outlook for each segment for the first quarter and the full-year. Starting with Ag services and oil sales, in the first quarter, we expect segment operating profits to be down approximately 50% relative to the prior year period, led by declines in crushing and RPO. On crushing, we anticipate both soybean and canola execution crush margins to be significantly lower than the prior year period. In RPO, lower biodiesel margins are expected to drive significantly lower operating profit for the subsegment in the first quarter compared to the prior year period. For the full-year, we expect AS&O segment operating profit to be below to similar with 2024. Operational improvement should support higher volumes and lower manufacturing costs, which will partially offset the impact of lower margins for the segment. For the full-year, we expect soybean crush execution margins to range from $45 to $55 per ton, down approximately $5 per ton at the midpoint versus the prior year. We expect canola crush execution margins to range from $50 to $70 per ton, down approximately $20 per ton at the midpoint compared to the prior year. For RPO, we expect operating profit to be down significantly compared to the prior year. We expect insurance recoveries related to the Decatur East claim of $25 million compared to the total recoveries of $76 million in 2024. In carbohydrate solutions for the first quarter, we expect segment operating profit to be low by approximately 5% to 15% compared to the prior year period. Strong margins and volumes in North American starches and sweeteners are likely to be offset by lower results in the EMEA region as higher corn costs and increased competition negatively impact margins. In ethanol, robust export demand is likely to support strong volumes. However, higher industry run rates are expected to result in break-even ethanol EBITDA margins. For the full-year, we expect lower carbohydrate solution segment operating profit relative to the prior year period, as strong volumes and margins in North America expected to be more than offset by margin moderation in EMEA and ethanol. For the year, we anticipate ethanol EBITDA margins to be in the range of $0.05 to $0.10, down approximately $0.10 at the midpoint compared to the prior year. We expect insurance recovery of approximately $10 million compared to the insurance recovery of $84 million in 2024. In nutrition, we expect first quarter operating profit to be down 50% compared to the prior year period. We expect to face higher raw material costs and negative impacts associated with continued downtime at Decatur East. We also expect lower demand for plant based protein, higher insurance costs and increased competition in texturants to drive lower margins in the segment. Notably, excluding the effects of $46 million of insurance proceeds we received in the fourth quarter of 2024, we expect Nutrition operating profit to be approximately flat sequentially in the first quarter. For the full-year, we anticipate Nutrition operating profit to be higher compared to the prior year with low to mid-single-digit revenue growth led by our Flavors business. Strong performance from recent acquisitions and improved supply chain execution is expected to support increased volume and an improvement in cost in human nutrition, helping to offset the headwinds associated with the ramp-up of operations at Decatur East. In animal nutrition, we anticipate continued mix benefits from cost optimization actions as well as an improvement in profitability of our Pet business. We expect insurance recovery of approximately $25 million compared to insurance recovery of $71 million in 2024. Now looking at the consolidated outlook on slide 13, earlier today, we announced that we expect adjusted earnings per share to be between $4 to $4.75 per share. In considering this range, it is important to keep in mind the following: We expect lower margins in AS&O and carb sol to create a material headwind. Our focus on improved execution and cost should produce $200 million to $300 million of cost out, which includes the benefit of lower manufacturing and SG&A costs. We expect to reverse the negative take or pay impact in Ag Services from last year. We also anticipate less insurance proceeds in 2025. We currently expect approximately $60 million in 2025, with approximately 60% coming from reinsurance. This is compared to total insurance recoveries of $231 million in 2024 with approximately $133 million coming from reinsurance in 2024. Looking at our other guidance metrics, we anticipate corporate costs to be within the range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. We expect the benefit of cost actions and a decline in net interest expense in corporate to be more than offset by the elevated legal costs and the reversal of performance based reduction in incentive compensation relative to 2024. In other, we expect lower results in ADMIS compared to the prior year due to lower interest rates. We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion and we expect D&A to be approximately $1.2 billion. We expect our effective tax rate to be higher in 2025 in the range of 21% to 23% due to the sunset of the biodiesel tax credit, a shift in geographic mix of earnings and an expansion in the global minimum tax. Lastly, we expect diluted weighted average shares outstanding to be approximately 483 million shares and our leverage ratio to be approximately 2 for the full-year. To conclude, I want to take a moment to thank our ADM colleagues for their focus, adaptability and contributions through the close of 2024. These organizational efforts have been critical in driving progress and meeting challenges head on. As we navigate 2025, our focus will remain on what is within our control. A full commitment to remediating the material weakness and making strides to strengthen our internal controls, driving execution to improve operational performance and lower costs while sustaining functional excellence unlocking additional capital to drive value and position the company for long-term success. These efforts position us in our ability to navigate the current dynamic environment and reinforce our confidence in delivering on our commitment. Before I turn it back to Juan, I wanted to briefly mention a leadership transition we announced last week and that officially will take effect on March 1. Carrie Nichol is joining us as our new Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. She joined us from Cargill, where she served as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Global Process Leader. I am excited to make this important addition to our leadership team, and I look forward to working with her. Back to you, Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thanks, Monish. I'll briefly close by recapping our focus as we continue the path into 2025. With the uncertainty we've noticed in the external environment, ADM is prioritizing an internal focus on the areas we can best control. While administering this self-help we'll remain agile and ready for opportunities that may present themselves along the way. Our focus on execution and cost management will drive savings to the bottom line while ensuring that we're managing our assets and overall network as effectively as possible. Our focus on strategic simplification will deliver opportunities to optimize our portfolio and organization around those areas that deliver strongest returns and where we are the strongest operators. Our focus on strategic growth will allow us to organically invest in proven winners while also ensuring our business are ready for the future. And our focus on capital discipline will position us to continue the return of cash to shareholders through dividends and selective share repurchases. We are confident that this equation sets ADM up for success in 2025 and ensures we have necessary optionality in both the short and medium term while keeping our eyes on longer term opportunities ahead. With that, we'll take your questions now. Operator, please open the line.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Tom Palmer of Citi. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Palmer: Just on the nutrition segment, I wanted to make sure I understood the expected profit recovery. It implies a pretty big inflection as the year progresses. You noted 1Q has some maybe heightened headwinds. It sounds like at least for the second quarter, I wasn't sure if it was second quarter or for the full-year, the start up at Decatur's noted as a headwind. And then, you've got the insurance headwind, especially in the second-half. So, just trying to understand what really drives that inflection. Is it the belief that end markets get better? Is this cost savings plan maybe more concentrated in this part of the business? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Tom, for the question. Listen, nutrition has a big self-help story inside themselves as we have in ADM of course. But I think the main issue for Nutrition is you need to think about like three different buckets. There is one bucket that is the Decaturist plant, which is Specialty Ingredients, that is a big headwind and until we can bring the plant back that will continue to be. So, that is going to happen in the first quarter. Hopefully the plant will be back in the second quarter we expect, and that will naturally bring an improvement to the results. The other bucket is a bucket that it continues to go very well, which is, if you think about flavors and if you think about biotics, those businesses are going very well. They are growing. They have grown 7% and 10% respectively in revenue in 2024. So that's going to continue and that's basically execution of their pipeline, and their pipeline is very robust and very good. And I would say, the third bucket is you have this steady improvement month-over-month, quarter-after-quarter of animal nutrition, which is not a revenue story, but it's a margin improvement story. So, you have three different things, and when you put them altogether, we see a strong recovery in the last-half of the year for nutrition.
Monish Patolawala: Tom, just to add, and I know you already picked it up, but just for math, when you look at it sequentially, so you're right, Q1 starts softer. Sequentially, after adjusting for the insurance recovery, which we have $46 million, we expect those results to be pretty much in line, Q1 equals Q4. And as Juan mentioned, the manufacturing cost, all the self-help starts kicking in, in the second quarter to fourth quarter.
Tom Palmer: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik of BMO. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask now that we've got the -- hey, how are you? I wanted to ask about your view on vegetable oil demand, soybean oil demand in particular. Now that we have the 45Z guidance kind of behind us to a certain extent and the imported UCO that's not going to qualify for tax credits. In kind of your first-half, back-half, a summary there slide, you gave what I would say is a reasonably constructive outlook for vegetable oil demanded. So I guess, I'm just curious for how you think about the puts and the takes around that because I know there's a lot of concern in the market. And then, kind of subsequent to that, as you think about all the uncertainty that's impacting the first quarter, is there a way to think about kind of the first-half, back half, earnings split relative to what is typical for you guys? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Andrew. A lot to unpack there, so yes, we received guidance from 45Z in January and I think it was constructive, but it's still a lot is in the air. We still need to get finalized that guidance. Probably, it's not going to happen until the end of Q1 and by that time we might have sold already Q2. So we have to see how that evolves. So we have to be cautious with that. On the other hand, when you do the math that probably implies an extra maybe 0.5 million tons of oil demand by Yuko that's not going to qualify for this. Our team anticipates that soybean oil share will be up from 35% to 40% and maybe Yuko down from 20% to 14%. So, I think that this is a year in which right now the Ag Services and Oilseeds Industry is trying to digest this extra capacity, if you will, extra production because we have North America, we have Brazil and we have Argentina producing -- crushing a lot and also this big uncertainty not only on tariffs for imported products, but also the policy uncertainty around biofuels. We think that as these policy uncertainties start to clear through the year, we're going to see margins improving and you can see that in the current in the market for crush going forward. We are excited about the manufacturing improvements we're going to have and we are excited about the fundamental demand that when these clouds of uncertainty regulatory will clear, you will see that the livestock area is very strong and soybean meal continues to be the most beneficial feeding material, so that's maximizing the rations at the moment. So, USDA is thinking meal growth probably 5.5%, maybe we have even some upside to that number potentially. And then you have this area of all the mandates that are coming around the world. I think Monish referred before in his previous remark about SAF in Europe, but also it's Indonesia, also it's Brazil increasing their biofuels mandate. So and when we clear 45Z, we're going to have that extra demand from the U.S. So, we see a first-half, second-half different pattern than other years and very hard to quantify what else on one and the other, because it will depend more on government and clarifying the regulatory environment, which we can only adjust to, but we cannot manage.
Andrew Strelzik: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Perfect. Thank you very much and good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on your guidance cadence for Ag Service and Oilseeds, similar to what Tom had on Nutrition. But as we look at it, obviously, Q1 is very tough comp and you already indicated that to be 50% down. But then in order to get to just slightly below 25 levels as your guidance indicates, that would mean that 2Q onwards; we should see improving trends on a year-over-year basis. And I just would like to understand if you can help us reconcile that with lower insurance proceeds, but then at the same time you assume canola and soybean crush to be lower for the year? So, I just wanted to understand what is else in there that helps us to get those profits in line to below versus '24 with such a tough start in 1Q?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think the -- then -- part of the tough start in the Q is because although you see some canola margins maybe rebounded recently, when we put our book, we put our book at lower numbers, because we put itthere in Q4. So, maybe our Q1 is even lower than maybe what current conditions may indicate. When we think about crush margins approximately around $40 in Q1, we are expecting full-year crush margins in the range of $45 to $55 per ton for soy. That's about $5 lower than the average of last year, and canola $50 to %70 that's probably 20 bucks lower than last year. And again, you have to include here all the improvements that we expected in manufacturing for the business. If you recall, last year we were doing a lot of project automation and digitization in the carb solutions area. And I mentioned before that we have run an experiment with the oil seed plant in Brazil. And now, we have the result of that experiment. And we are bringing some of those learning. So, we expect a lot of self-help coming to Ag services and oil seed. And we also expect destination marketing to grow our internal -- our direct farming procurements also to improve or to grow this year. So, -- and as I said, mill is going to be strong. And soybean oil should become significantly better in the second-half of the year so.
Monish Patolawala: And Ben, I would add to Juan's comments. Just when you think about RPO or biofuels and what clarity that gets. That should allow the second-half to be far stronger than the first-half. And Juan already mentioned, when you look at the forward curve that carries is pretty strong in the second-half. And we are open for business quite a lot in the second-half. So, hopefully, we are positioned to take advantage--
Juan Luciano: To capture that, yes.
Monish Patolawala: To capture as that goes, so, all that put together, why you start pretty soft in Q1. And then, you move yourself up. But you're right. It's a second-half story. And that's what we'll have to watch. Multiple factors -- as you're watching, we are watching the same. Whether it's weather whether it is the crop yields et cetera. So, as we know more, we'll keep you posted. But that's how we see it right now.
Juan Luciano: One of the things also, Ben, as I forgot is we don't have the negative takeoff pace that we had last year in Brazil. So, we don't expect them this year. So, that would be a positive also for this year.
Ben Theurer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Morning. Thanks for the question.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Heather.
Heather Jones: I wanted to ask I -- good morning. Just wanted to first of all clarify that your guidance doesn't include any expected impact from tariffs, and then secondly, even if it doesn't include it, if you could just flesh out how that would look for you guys? How you have to be thinking about the impact from operations, particularly in North America? Thanks.
Juan Luciano:
a: The China retaliatory measures doesn't include agricultural products at this point in time. So, it's difficult to know. I think in the short term, our teams are making sure that they are doing everything possible to avoid the short-term impact. I think medium-term and long-term trade flows seem to stabilize. But of course, we saw in 2018 how the corn imports from China were reduced by almost like 9 million tons from the U.S. Whether that's going to be something that's going to happen again or not, we'll have to see. Again, when you think about the power of ADM in terms of our origination in so many parts of the world and our destination marketing in so many parts of the world, it provides an optionality that few companies have in order to be able to capitalize on any environment. We don't know if net-net it will be a positive or a negative, but we will go through as we went in 2018.
Heather Jones: Thanks so much.
Juan Luciano: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Hey, good morning, and thank you for taking my question. I wanted to come back to Argentina and their recent export tax revision across the soy crush complex, and if you could just briefly, I guess, talk about how you think that's going to impact your businesses and then how maybe you see that policy evolving after turn because I think that's kind of when they had framed the current revision period for. So, thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you for the question, Steven. So, let me -- this policy was implemented, as you said, effective until June 30. Very difficult what's going to happen after that, because it depends more on microeconomics of Argentina, so it will depend on many, many factors. I would say, until then, we haven't seen a big impact yet, mostly because they are still going through the harvest and through the planting. Second, because and I'm a farmer in Argentina, we're all worried about the weather in Argentina and the crop in certain places doesn't look terrific. We need rains that are expected to come, but those rains may just stabilize the yields but not being able to turn around that. And then, there are details about the implementation of this regulation that we need to be observing. Before all this, you needed to bring the dollars into Argentina 30 days after your shipment. Right now, if you want to qualify for this reduction in exports, you need to commit that you're going to bring the dollars of 95% of all the amount within 15 days of issuing the license. So, before you have 30 days from shipment, now you have to bring the money 15 days after you get the export license. So that's a big financing change in the thing that I don't know how it's going to impact. So we will have to see in April with the farmer's seeds on top of their harvest and they have from April to May to June to be able to play this how much it's going to be. At this point in time, we haven't felt much.
Steven Haynes: Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pooran Sharma of Stephens. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Pooran Sharma: Great. Thanks for the question. I wanted to see if we could unpack 45Z guidance a little bit. I know there's been, the situation's fluid. Biden provided interim guidance, but I think there's a little bit left with final guidance. To my understanding, the biofuels industry with interim guidance is able to accrue tax credits, but I think you need final guidance to have them paid out. So we've seen some smaller operators already seize shutter production. We just weren't sure about the larger producers. So I wanted to kind of get your take on 45Z guidance and then the State of the Union on the biofuels industry.
Juan Luciano: Yes, let's see if I can provide some clarity to that. First of all, this is preliminary guidance and of course it needs to be ratified after the comment period and then we need to see what the Trump administration will decide on this. So this still needs to be played out. I would say with the removal the blenders tax credit, margins have been significantly impacted. And so, you may see some small producers that in the absence of all these, when they are not integrated and are isolated plants, they have shut down. We were expecting to do that. Our integrated facilities, all our facilities are integrated, have allowed us to continue to operate, although we see the impact in Q1 margins that we're going to have as we have Q4 margins. So the industry definitely needs to bring some margin back into it. More importantly, we need to bring clarity because lack of clarity has pulled people off the market. What we know is the administration of President Trump strongly supports the farmers and having an output for the farmers' production. And I think that in that sense, a strong biofuel policy, a strong export policy, a strong bio-solutions type of product are all going to be very supportive.
Pooran Sharma: Great. I appreciate the color.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Gupta of UBS. The line is now open. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Good morning. I'm sorry I dropped off briefly. So if somebody has already asked this, I apologize. But Monish, your key priorities when you took over, your focus was one on operational rigor and second, ensuring there are no material weakness in financial reporting, and what's the progress been on those two fronts? Thank you.
Monish Patolawala: Yes, thank you, Manav. I would say on both, and I'll start with the material weakness. As I said at the end of my prepared remarks, that is one item that we are very heavily focused on, which I am focused on. And the progress on that, and I'll start by just saying, when we talked to you three call, and you had asked the question, I said the company had enhanced the design and controls and documentation of inter-segment sales. So we have continued to do that this quarter. We have continued to provide a lot of training to our personnel around the reporting and recognition of inter-segment sales. We have enhanced and tested a lot of controls, and we need to continue to make sure that is sustained for a period of time before we can lift the material weakness. And that's what the teams are focused on. We also made an announcement where we've got Carrie Nichol who's joining us, the Chief Accounting Officer, who was from a similar role in Cargill. And I'm excited to have her on board and my partner to help me continue this journey that we have started on remediating our material weakness. To answer your question on operating rigor, you can see that we've made progress. In Juan's comments, you can hear that some of the items where we have done root cause in our manufacturing facilities have given yielded results. In December, we saw good outputs in some of our plants in North America. We also saw progress in EMEA, in our flavors business, in nutrition. And as a part of that whole thing, Manav, and as we look at the opportunities, Juan and I announced that we have a plan to get $500 million to $750 million of cost out over the next three to five years. It's going to come from multiple places. Number one is driving efficiencies in our manufacturing facilities. Number two is going after costs with our third parties. And number three is controlling SG&A and some of the actions we're going to take there. Adding on to that on the other side is the simplification agenda. So as we continue to drive portfolio simplification, we see an opportunity to continue to drive margin enhancement in there too. At some of these facilities, whether you talk about consolidations or targeted divestiture, should allow us also benefit in there. We are going to do all of this while at the same time battling a lot more around the inflationary environment, whether it's the energy complex, as well as labor inflation or general inflation that continues to stay. So, focused on it, Juan said it, I've said it, it's a big self-help agenda. We know the environment that we are going into 2025. And I think the team is quite confident that we can execute this cost-out plan that we have got over the next three to five years.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much for the update.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Yes, thank you very much. I want to go back to nutrition specifically for Q4. So your commentary was pretty positive in that human nutrition had higher volume and pricing versus last year. But if we adjust for last year's write-down, I think you would have made 39 million human nutrition, whereas this year without the insurance, you would have made only 15 million. So it looks like the performance even with M&A was quite worse, so I cannot reconcile the two. Can you provide a little bit more color on why margins were so lower and perhaps quantify the impact of this contract cancellation in Q4?
Monish Patolawala: Yes, I think when you look at it, yes, we've made progress on the growth in human nutrition, but the biggest piece that still continues to be a headwind is the specialty ingredients business. When you look at the continued inefficiencies from the downtime at Decatur East, the higher insurance premiums that we are seeing, as well as the lower pricing for texturants and demand, all put together is where we landed up for the fourth quarter. And going into 2025, we look at the same and say, when you look at Q1 and we say it's sequentially flat when you adjust for the insurance proceeds, the biggest driver there again on a year-over-year basis is the specialty ingredients. And so getting that plant back online in Q2 2025 and then doing all the self-help actions that Ian and his team are doing in nutrition will help us continue to grow nutrition's P&L in 2025.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you. Just to understand though here, the fire indicator happened I think August or September last year, meaning that you should have lapsed, at least in my understanding, you should have lapsed the inefficiencies and the problems already in Q4. So that shouldn't have been an issue versus Q4 of '24 or it shouldn't be an issue in Q1 '25 versus what you posted this year?
Monish Patolawala: Well, we had inventory going into Q4 of '23, and that allowed to reduce some of the impact that was there on a year-over-year basis. But also prices and the kind of tech spend that have come down, yes.
Salvator Tiano: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Due to time, we'll take no further questions, so I'll hand back to Megan Britt for any further remarks.
Megan Britt: Thank you so much for joining the call today. If you have additional questions, please feel free to reach out directly to me. Have a wonderful rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you all for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-12-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to ADM's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Id now like to introduce your host for todays call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Hello and welcome to the third quarter earnings call for ADM. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Juan Luciano, Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Monish Patolawala, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks on the call today, which are posted on the investor relations sections of the ADM website and through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation and the materials. To the extent permitted by law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements due to new information or future events. In addition, during today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP or adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are available on our earnings press release and presentation slides, which can be found in the investor relations section of the ADM website. Please turn to slide four. I'll now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan. Hello and welcome to all who have joined the call. We sincerely appreciate your patience as we work expeditiously to amend the company's fiscal year 2023 Form 10-K and Form 10-Qs for the first and second quarters of 2024. We are pleased to now be able to share more context about our 2024 year-to-date financial results and our outlook. Even that we are holding this call later than usual, we're also in a position to provide qualitative color on how the fourth quarter is progressing. To start, let's recap our financial results for the company. ADM reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.09 and a total segment operating profit of $1 billion. This brings adjusted earnings per share to $3.61 and our total segment operating profit to $3.2 billion year-to-date for 2024. Our trailing four-quarter adjusted ROIC was 8.8%. Although we made progress on several important initiatives in 2024, this results are not consistent with the high bar that we have set for our team. While we have seen a decline in our total segment operating profit and a decline in operating cash flow before working capital changes, due to lower net earnings relative to the prior year period, discipline management of our balance sheet continues to allow us to invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. In total, we have returned $3.1 billion to our shareholders with $744 million in the form of dividends and $2.3 billion in share repurchases year-to-date in 2024. Next slide, please. Entering 2024, we laid out key priorities for value creation based on the year we saw ahead of us. And as we moved into the fourth quarter, it's clear that certain expectations have not all play out as anticipated. The global commodity landscape has continued to shift. Stronger-than-expected supply has driven commodity prices down further than anticipated. Canola crash margins have been negatively impacted by regulatory uncertainty and higher seed prices. In addition, China has begun to increase local commodity production and has had a slower pace of demand recovery, negatively impacting the trade of certain commodities and uptake of animal nutrition solutions. We're also seeing the trailing effects of inflation in part of our business. Some new nutrition projects have been delayed as some customers look for opportunities to manage costs by simplifying their consumer offerings. We have also seen some softness in demand in other end markets such as pet treats and energy drinks where consumers are prioritizing their discretionary spending. The global regulatory environment has led to additional uncertainties. Programs such as EUDR and the U.S. producers tax credit are still not fully in place, which has left various stakeholders in the Ag supply-chain without the confidence of a clear path forward. Beyond these external factors creating downward pressure, we're also managing through a balance of both positive and challenging results across our own operational environment. In carbohydrate solutions, we've been able to improve production throughout the network, in part due to advancements in automation and digitization at the plant level, as well as by finding synergies across our milling network. We've seen similar improvements in our crush facilities in LatAm and EMEA, but this has been offset today by the fact that opportunities previously identified in some of our U.S. plants have been taking longer-than-expected to be completed. However, in October, we began to see improvements in unplanned downtime in our U.S. facilities. Nutrition has continued to manage through the downtime of our Decatur East facility, where our expected ramp up has been delayed from the end of 2024 to the first quarter of 2025 as safe restoration of operations is a top priority. And while the integration of our most recent Flavor acquisitions has driven positive results, we have experienced demand fulfillment issues due to the complexity of other integration efforts. We believe that our business is well-positioned to grow alongside enduring global trends such as the expansion of functional food and beverage alternatives, the replacement of petroleum-based products across multiple industries and the broader opportunity associated with decarbonization. As we look at the near-term in 2025, however, we anticipate that we could still be managing through a challenging cycle, and we have already begun taking necessary productivity actions with a clear focus on cost and cash management. This slide highlights several of the areas we have already taken action on in 2024, along with additional actions we are aggressively driving at the end of the year. As we manage through the current cycle, we've seen success in delivering expansion across strategic initiatives such as regen ag, BioSolutions and destination marketing, which achieved record volume handled in October, supporting supply and demand needs through increasing capacity. This is example in our Spiritwood facility, which has achieved near full run-rates in the month of October. And in ramping up the drive for execution excellence program, which has already begun to deliver toward our cost-saving goals. Moving forward, as we expand our focus on procurement and execution excellence, we believe that we can double this program's target cost savings over the next few years. In addition, the automation and digitization efforts that have already achieved millions in cost savings are being scoped and accelerated across the other plants in our footprint. Turning to Nutrition's recovery efforts. To-date we have strengthened our operational leadership, driven simplification and optimization opportunities and continued to expand our pipeline and win rates in part of the portfolio such as flavors. These efforts are now being supplemented to increase the pace of recovery. We have placed additional focus on demand generation, supply-chain improvement and rightsizing our production to better flex to the needs of the dynamic demand environment. And finally, from a strategic capital allocation perspective, we have already accelerated our return of cash to shareholders this year in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Going forward, we're being extremely prudent on focusing our attention on cash generation opportunities, while considering specific portfolio optimization efforts to simplify operations, enhance our focus and drive an improvement in ROIC. Along with all these actions, Monish joining as CFO has already brought new perspectives to the team. We are using his experience to help identify and accelerate paths for continuous recovery. With this, let me pass to Monish for a more detailed financial review. Monish?
Monish Patolawala: Thank you, Juan. First, I would like to take a moment to say how excited I am to be joining the ADM team at such an important point in the company's trajectory. While I've only been on the job for a few months, I have enjoyed the opportunity to personally engage with our teams and learn the company. I want to thank all my ADM colleagues for their warm welcome. Turning to Slide 6. On a year-to-date basis, AS&O segment operating profit of $1.8 billion was 42% lower versus the prior year period as ample supplies out of South America have driven lower commodity prices and margins across the segment. Ag services sub-segment operating profit of $461 was 52% lower versus the prior year, driven by lower South American origination margins and volumes, in part due to industry take-or-pay contracts. The stabilization of trade flows has also led to fewer opportunities in our global trade business, leading to lower results. Crushing sub-segment operating profit of $632 million was 30% lower versus the prior year period. Slower farmer selling and lower crush rates in Argentina, coupled with solid demand has supported soy crush margins leading to a year-to-date executed soy crush margin of approximately $50 per metric ton, which is lower, compared to the prior year. While year-to-date executed canola crush margins are lower by approximately $15 per ton, compared to the prior year, margins have moderated significantly in the second-half of the year so far, as higher seed prices and regulatory uncertainty drove lower margins. There were net negative timing impacts of approximately $120 million year-over-year. In the refined products and other sub segment, increased pre-treatment capacity at renewable diesel facilities and higher imports of used cooking oil has negatively impacted both refining and biodiesel margins, leading to sub-segment operating profit that was 58% lower versus the prior year. There were net negative timing impacts of approximately $360 million year-over-year. As we look forward, we anticipate AS&O fourth quarter results to be lower than the prior year quarter. The seasonal shift to our North American weighted footprint and strong North American crop should be supportive of volumes. But recent elevation margins are below the levels we expected when we put our guidance in place in November. In crushing, the ramp-up of our Spiritwood facility is expected to support high-single-digit volume improvement. However, we expect lower results due to lower soya and canola crush margins versus the prior year. The addition of new pre-treatment capacity has continued to weigh on margins within the RPO business and on the food oil side, margins for free-to-sell opportunities have been under pressure, due to increased competition. Based on the information available today, we also anticipate 100% reinsurance proceeds of approximately $50 million in the fourth quarter related to both Decatur West and East. We continue to monitor the impact of uncertainty related to regulation and trade flows on the operating environment as we look forward to the end of the year. Year-to-date, carbohydrate solutions segment operating profit of $1.1 billion in the year-to-date period was roughly in line with the prior year as lower margins in the EMEA region and ethanol were mostly offset by strong volumes and improved manufacturing costs. As we look forward, a strong North American corn supply and robust export demand is export expected to be supportive of VCP. However, North American ethanol production continues to outpace demand, driving lower margins. We expect to see solid demand and margins in North American starches and sweeteners as we finish the year. Wheat milling margins are expected to moderate from elevated prior-year levels. Based on information available today, we also anticipate 100% reinsured insurance proceeds in the fourth quarter related to both Decatur East and West incident of approximately $35 million. Taken together, we anticipate the carbohydrate solutions fourth quarter results to be in line with the prior year period. Year-to-date, revenues from nutrition were $5.6 billion, up 2%, compared to the prior year. On an organic basis, segment revenue was down 3%. Human nutrition was flat organically as headwinds related to Decatur East and texturants pricing offset growth in flavors and health and wellness. Animal nutrition revenue declined 5%, driven by unfavorable mix, negative currency impacts in Brazil and low volumes due to demand fulfillment challenges. Year-to-date nutrition sub-segment operating profit of $298 million was 32% lower versus the prior year. Human nutrition results of $265 million were 40% lower, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by unplanned downtime at Decatur East. Animal nutrition results of $33 million were slightly higher, compared to the prior year, due to an improvement in margins. As we finish the year, we expect continued weak consumer demand, lower texturants prices and ongoing operational challenges to be a headwind. And as Juan previously mentioned, we now anticipate the start-up of our Decatur East facility to be delayed until the first quarter of 2025. We expect the impact of prolonged downtime at Decatur East to be partially offset by 100% reinsurance proceeds in the fourth quarter of approximately $50 million based on the information available today. We expect animal nutrition results in the fourth quarter to be better than the prior year with tailwinds from our turnaround efforts and as we continue to work through operational challenges in pet solutions. Taken together, we expect nutrition results for the fourth quarter likely lower than the third quarter of 2024, but to be higher than the prior year, which had negative impact of approximately $64 million in non-recurring items. Please turn to slide seven. Year-to-date in 2024 the company has generated cash flow from operations before working capital of approximately $2.3 billion, down relative to the same period last year, due to lower segment operating profit. Despite the decline, solid cash generation has supported our ability to invest in our business and return excess cash to shareholders. Year-to-date, the company has returned $3.1 billion in cash in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Allocated $1.1 billion to capital expenditures and nearly $1 billion to M&A announced in 2023 and completed in January 2024. Our capital structure continues to provide the financial flexibility to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders. We continue to see opportunities to drive enhanced cash generation through operating improvements both in our facilities and through better management of working capital. We believe investing in organic opportunities gives us the best return. While we will always look at opportunistic M&A as a way to enhance return, it is essential that we prioritize maximizing returns from the assets that we have already acquired and also ensuring that we are the best owners of all our assets. Now let's transition to a discussion of guidance for 2024 on slide eight. In early November, we announced that we lowered our full-year 2024 adjusted earnings per share guidance to the range of $4.50 per share to $5 per share. The lowering of our guide takes into account our year-to-date results and headwinds from slow market demand and internal operational challenges. Additionally, we now anticipate our corporate cost to be within the range of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion, primarily due to lower incentive compensation and our corporate net interest expense to be in the range of $475 million to $525 million. We now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $1.5 billion. We are also increasing our effective tax-rate guidance to the range of 20% to 22%, due to the non-deductible impairment of Wilmar taken in the third quarter. Our expectations for our leverage ratio and D&A are unchanged. Let's turn to slide nine to close the call with a reflection on the key priorities that we are driving with our team to deliver improvement and enhance return. First, my top priority is ensuring integrity and accuracy in our internal controls and financial reporting. I echo Juan's earlier statement and add my particular thanks for the extraordinary efforts of our team to amend and file the restated financials for fiscal year 2023 Form 10-K and Form 10-Qs for the first and second quarters of 2024. We are continuing to focus on implementing enhancements to our internal controls to remediate the previously identified material weakness and are taking action to enhance the integrity and accuracy within internal controls and financial reporting related to intersegment sales. Among other things, the design and documentation of the execution of pricing and measurement and reporting controls for segment disclosure purposes and projected financial information used in impairment analysis have been enhanced and the testing of these controls will continue throughout the balance of the year. Further, training for relevant personnel on the measurement of intersegment sales and application of relevant accounting guidance to intersegment sales has been provided and remains ongoing. In the broader category of improving focus and execution, the team will remain adaptable and focus on items within our control. On the cost side, we are optimizing our cost structure and enhancing operational resilience initiatives. In this vein, we have the opportunity to create a more cohesive digital strategy. Today, we have invested in numerous efforts to improve our systems and enable a more digital footing for our business. However, we have the opportunity to connect these efforts to accelerate outcomes around how we serve our customers, operate our assets and run the enterprise, while also delivering structural cost improvement. Similarly, we have room in our portfolio and broader asset network to optimize through targeted divestitures or rationalization and we are evaluating numerous actions that we could take to improve our footprint performance and generate cash. We will also maintain a sharp focus on working capital management to further strengthen our cash position. Lastly, we'll remain disciplined in capital allocation, seeking opportunities to drive ROIC and enhance returns. I see maintaining our capital discipline as essential to value creation. We will work to ensure that we maintain a healthy balance sheet that continues to create strong cash flow and that we rigor investment opportunities appropriately by applying a stage-gated model to ensure that we are achieving key milestones and meeting our return objectives to continue to invest. In closing, I want to take a moment to thank our ADM colleagues for their hard work and dedication this quarter. I am optimistic that today we can successfully tackle the challenges and seize the opportunities as we continue to execute our strategy and focus on delivering value for our shareholders. With that, we look forward to taking your questions. Operator, please open the line for our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions and I appreciate all the color you gave on the outlook and the strategy. I was hoping that you could help reconcile the decline in U.S. crush margins over the last several weeks. You have now a U.S. crush margin curve that's much lower in the nearby than in the spring, which is abnormal. You have soybean meal delivery certificates issued last week by some of the commercials, which I also believe is abnormal. So I guess the question is, what does all of this tell us about where crush margins are headed and how much visibility do you have on crush into next year compared to what you would typically have for this time of year? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. As you said, board crash rallied steadily from the lows in Q3, but has come under pressure in November. And it's basically a combination of things. First of all, demand for the products have been very good. Demand for meal is good, demand for oil around the world is good. But you see during November, we have the Argentine farmers started to sell again. So we've seen higher crush rates in Argentina. There are high crush rates in Brazil and NOPA here in North America, all our plants have been running well, so we have high crush in October. When you combine that with the regulatory uncertainty now we have in the oil side, that has created the problems that we have. The U.S. is exporting oil, the U.S. is exporting mill, but there is more pressure in the system with more crush being put and less regulatory clarity. So that's why overall message, Andrew, is as we look forward here, we think that given the soft markets and the regulatory uncertainty, our focus in ADM is on the things that we can control on the double down on productivity, looking at all our efforts in trying to control cost and cash and certainly portfolio management. So that's kind of our priority for the year. The markets remain robust. Soybean meal is the most competitive feed out there. So demand is strong and oil is needed for the biofuels market and oil is needed for human consumption. So I think that when we clear the regulatory environment or regulatory uncertainty, if you will, I think you're going to see things normalizing a bit.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay. And sorry, if I could just quickly follow up. Given all of the internal actions that you guys are focused on as you kind of navigate the cycle, and if I were to kind of exclude some of the insurance dynamics from this year and maybe from next year as well, do you think that this is kind of an earnings base from which you would expect those actions to drive earnings growth in 2025 or do you think about it as still kind of navigating through kind of a muddled environment as we get through the regulatory dynamics, how do you think about kind of this year and actions that you're taking in the ability to grow in '25? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think it's important never to lose an opportunity to get yourself extra feet. So we are taking this decline in margins as an opportunity to review everything from ADM and accelerate all the decisions that were already ongoing. So I will, you know it's too early in the year. There are too many unknowns, Andrew, to especially on the regulatory front to make a forecast for the year. But we know that focusing on the things we can control continue to drive cash flows, that's an important thing for our shareholders and that will improve returns.
Monish Patolawala: Andrew, I echo what Juan just said, it's back to the basics of cash cost and capital. And that's what we are focused on right now. Lot of opportunities head-down, get 2024 closed and we'll come back when we're ready to discuss 2025. But we know the environment is going to be soft and that's why the teams are controlling what they control.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to enquire on the nutrition side of the business. We've seen some changes in terms of the animal nutrition business, I think from a cost-savings standpoint that's driven some improved profitability. What about on the human nutrition side? Is there just given some of the end-markets maybe haven't progressed the way you once anticipated thought to kind of resizing that business? And maybe how much of an opportunity might that be as we think about the coming year? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Tom, for the question. Listen, I think I will take it by pieces. If you take human nutrition, you have to separate. We have a big issue with the plant that is down. That plant is a significant cost. It was down for a full-year, now it's going to be down for the first quarter. And so that's an issue that is a little bit of extraordinary that we're fixing, and we thank all the engineers and everybody working expeditiously to bring it back safe. On the rest of the business is the flavors business and the health and wellness business, we continue to see opportunities. We've seen in the positive side, if you will, we've seen growth of flavors -- revenue flavors in Europe of about 7% like-for-like, so organic growth year-to-date. We have seen 5% in North America. These are not the growth rate that we were expected when we started the year because there has been some categories like energy drinks where although still growing, is growing at less -- at lower rates than we expected at the beginning of the year and our customers have expected at the beginning of the year. Some launches has been postponed, but still is a robust category and we still see growth. But as you said, we are adjusting a little bit our supply-chain to make sure we match the new realities. When you look at the other piece of human nutrition, which is health and wellness, the probiotics part, which is the part there that is the future, it is the growth part has grown so far 14% year-over-year on a revenue side, and even higher than that in operating profit side. So I think that there are good signs, but we continue to flex this. This is a year in which, as you understand, nutrition is not where we want them to be, and we are working hard to fix it. But there are on the customer side, there are positive signs that makes us believe that when we put some of these supply issues behind, we're going to see the results coming to the P&L in a bigger way.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you. And just on the capital allocation, it sounds like there was some mention in the prepared remarks of maybe some focus on discipline, but there was also some commentary maybe on the crush side about some unexpected downtime. Is there may be an elevated maintenance CapEx cycle needed in the crush operation to kind of get it to the operational levels that you desire? And if so, might we expect maybe less of a step-down in CapEx next year just given that or maybe I'm overstating it? A - Juan Luciano No, listen, CapEx for next year will be solid CapEx, if you will. We have many plants, we have grown the company and we need to make sure those plants stay in good shape. But also there are opportunities for automation and digitization that we are adding to that. If you look at the oilseeds plants, Europe and Latin America have been operating very, very well. We have a handful of plants in North America that have given us problems over the summer, and I'm happy to report that they are doing better in October, they are doing better in November. But we have some issues that took a little bit longer to fix than we thought and we put the resources to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yes, good morning, and thanks for taking question. Good morning. So just wanted to like kind of get a little bit maybe your sensitivities around the implied guidance for the fourth quarter and taking a little bit of an advantage that we're early in December and already two months have gone past. Clearly, if we look at it implied low-end versus high-end, it's very widespread? So maybe help us understand and frame a little bit what are the risks getting closer to the lower end, which would be implied a little less than $1 versus the higher piece closer to $140, just to kind of understand where we're shaking out and where you think things are going out considering that two months are in?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ben. So let me give you the puts and takes for the quarter and you can build it from there. I think in -- if you think about the grain business ag services, of course, this is the quarter in which the volumes come to North America for exports. And we see good volumes. China is buying for Q4, beans, Europe is buying corn for Q1. But we have -- although we have good volumes, we have not seen the margin expansion that maybe we have forecasted a couple of quarters or a couple of months ago. River logistics are good for December. We will have to monitor the weather for Q1, but so far so good. And calories in the market should help our interior assets. On a global trade perspective, volumes are strong and lower commodity prices are supporting feeding animals globally. So destination marketing margins are holding. On the crush side, I described before the decline in crush margins, you know, a lot of uncertainty about biofuels policy, of course. This margin compression could create timing depending on where prices are at the end of the year, we could see positive timing. So we will not be able to call that until we see the end of December. We have been selling our biodiesel book, but of course, it goes out to December. Unfortunately, with the lack of clarity over next year, you know, you could think that if we continue to crush at these levels, maybe oil inventories will climb and something we'll have to give for next -- for the first quarter. At this point, there is not a lot of margin for independent non-integrated plants to run in the first quarter. So you know, we may see a spike of RINs later in the quarter and we might have to maybe as industry slowdown crash in the first quarter. On a carb solutions perspective, it's kind of steady, if you will. Margins are good, volumes are good, manufacturing is operating well, so we get -- we are cranking on all the cost savings. We have implemented some of the automation projects that's given us benefits to that. So I would say we should see a little bit ethanol margins are always the variable here. They are slightly on the breakeven side. So hopefully, we finish the year strong there. And then on the nutrition side, we certainly, as Monish was saying in the outlook, we've seen improvements in animal nutrition, we've seen a balance of some revenue growth, but also some one-offs that we needed to address in the human side. So I will say better than last year, slightly lower than maybe the previous quarter, and we are putting all our efforts in finishing that plant, so we can have a 2025 cleaner of all those extra costs.
Monish Patolawala: Just a couple more for you Ben is -- can I just add a couple more?
Ben Theurer: Yes, yes.
Monish Patolawala: For insurance proceeds that is a partial settlement right now. If you add the three segments I gave you, in the fourth quarter, there is an assumption that we will get 100% reinsurance proceeds of $135 million. So that's the other variable. And then back on nutrition, what Juan said just for disclosure, currently based on where the team is seeing, we think with M&A, it's low-single-digit growth in the fourth quarter. And on an organic basis, it's low-single-digits negative growth. And so that's the other piece. I just wanted to add to what Juan said. Thank you.
Ben Theurer: And to clarify, those insurance just similar as in the third quarter that will basically then be deducted in other, correct?
Monish Patolawala: No, these are all 100% reinsurance proceeds, Ben. So they will -- so our captive insurance has reinsurance cover. And so we expect to get $135 million as a partial settlement for the Decatur East. And this will continue into '25 and '26 as we -- yes, it's different than 3Q where the captive was paying for it. Now we are expecting reinsurance proceeds.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. That explains a lot. Thank you.
Operator: We now turn to Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Heather.
Heather Jones: So you guys talked -- good morning. So you all have talked a lot about the challenging cycle we're in and as far as looking to '25, but wanted to get a sense of, I mean, what are some things that could be givebacks in '25. So I was just wondering if you could quantify how much take or pay hit you guys in '24? And then the cost impact of all the unplanned downtimes that presumably as you've gotten these plants running better, you should get back that's separate from the crush curve. So I was just wondering if you could first quantify those couple of things for me.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I would say, I'm not sure I have all of them top of my head for the full year, Heather. But let me say the following. I agree with you. I think and on the take or pay, first of all, we learned our lesson. So we're going to act differently, I think as ourselves and you know maybe even the whole industry. I think also the weather in Brazil is very good. So we expect to have probably 170 million tons type of crop next year that will avoid these issues. I will say all these resets in 2025, so we still have very little exposure of our take or pay. But I don't have top of my head what was the whole thing. And then on the manufacturing side, we have issues mostly in the Q3, I would say. Some of the plans when we look at our capacity, when we were down, sometimes it was things like Paraguay because we didn't have margins, so we shut it down ourselves. And then sometimes it was Ukraine or other plants like that. We had a plant in Des Moines, Iowa that we were a little bit waiting for a permit, so we couldn't bring it back. So there are improvements there. I don't know if Monish you have some numbers in your head. I will hesitate to quantify them myself. But...
Monish Patolawala: Yes, so I would just on take or pay, Heather, it's year-to-date, it's approximately $40 million of impact. We'll have to see what 2025 brings and what the volume and what the revised take or pay contracts look like. And then on the downtime, again, it comes down to the teams are focused on trying to get that up. The cost has gone up per cost per ton, but I would not quantify that right now. I would just wait through as we get to, there should be upside as these plants start running, but I would not quantify because it's not like a systemic down of X over months, it's puts and takes of downtime.
Heather Jones: Right.
Juan Luciano: One thing, Heather, that you need to consider, sorry, in the manufacturing is we implemented our automation projects in the carb solutions business first because we run a pilot and it was good return. So we extended that. Now we have finished our first pilot in the oilseeds plant in one plant in Brazil, and the results are very encouraging. Based on those results, we might do the same thing than now that we did in automation in carb solutions into the oilseeds plant. That had given us improvements in not only yields, but also energy savings and you know, ex-same losses and things like that. So there is an upside there as well as we go into -- we're going to implement all of these in -- I think we have 15 projects going into 2025 for this. So I think that you should see that as a positive for us.
Monish Patolawala: And Heather, I would add to Juan's piece on this is everyone looks at downtime and says cycle up or cycle down. What the team is actually doing is a very good lean-based approach. So they're actually going into deep root cause, looking at what equipment caused the failure, why did it caused the failure? Is there a way to automate? Is there a way to digitize? So in the long run, I put this under the pillar of operational excellence. Our factory should continue to run better in the longer term, and we'll put in the right appropriate of CapEx needed to make sure that we can over the long-term have sustained operating leverage from our factories.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you. My follow-up is just, do you have an estimate of how much reinsurance proceeds will be in '25 and '26? I think you said it will continue into '26. So just give us a sense of what those just rough numbers, what those numbers will look like?
Monish Patolawala: Yes. So I'll start with just the overall possible loss that is there. And again, this is very preliminary. The teams are still working it through. But we believe Decatur West should be approximately in the $100 million of loss and Decatur East should be in the $300 million to $400 million of loss. We've got $95 million in Q3. We expect to get $135 million, give or take in Q4. We expect that in 2025, we should be somewhere in that $50 million to $100 million range and then and the rest will work over the next. Now all of this is based on information we have right now, all of this is based on still working through with the actuaries, with the insurance companies, et cetera. And our goal is to continue working it and we'll keep you posted as we get to know more, but this is truly based on what we know as of right now.
Operator: We now turn to Manav Gupta with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: My question specifically is to you, Monish. You have been in the seat for some time, but looking at the next 12 months to 24 months, Monish, what are your key priorities? What are you going to be most focused on for the next couple of years to make ADM a stronger company?
Monish Patolawala: Yes. First, Manav, I'll just say, yes, I've been here slightly over 90-days and it's been a blast to be here. It's a fantastic team. I've got a chance to go see some farms, I've got a chance to go see our operations. I've got a chance to go meet the teams in the field and it's a very exciting time to be here. I would tell you on my priorities, as I think about it, as I said in my prepared remarks, my first priority is the integrity and -- of our financial statements and remediating the material weakness. The team has already done a lot of work, but there's a lot more we can do in improving our processes, our internal controls and our systems. And that's what I'm focused in with the IT team and the finance teams to make sure that we have systems that can support all the reporting and all the revised pricing et cetera for intersegment sales. So that's one item. Then I come to the second piece, which is driving cash cost and capital. As Juan mentioned and I have said, there is a lot of opportunity here to control what we control and therefore, we are doubling down on our productivity efforts. And I'm working with the teams on multiple areas that we can simplify our business, reduce our cost, take advantage of our procurement savings as we should be getting into a slightly deflationary environment, while at the same time making sure that we are having functional excellence, which is we are delivering from the center what really the businesses need. So we are following a zero-based approach in certain of our functions. We are looking at all the cost and saying, what are we doing? Do we get the value for it or not. Similarly, when it thinks about capital, you've heard about capital allocation. When you think about CapEx, it's a stage-gate model. So making sure that we are investing in areas because there are tremendous opportunities for investment available to us, but at the same time, making sure that we're getting a return and we're going to follow a stage-gate approach, which means we'll fund you a little bit, we'll see what the return looks like at that point in time. If you hit the milestones, you get the next funding, otherwise, the money goes to somebody else. So create some internal tension to make sure that everyone is fighting for the last dollar of CapEx that's available. Then I go into digital and I think there's tremendous opportunity for you. The Kristy and team who's our CIO has done a really nice job. The company has done a nice job of improving the infrastructure that we have. We still have a long way to go in that, but I feel there's also a chance here to accelerate some of the ability to use data and data analytics to drive business outcomes. So that's another priority of mine. And then I would tell you back to portfolio. The company has always said they will look at portfolio. I've said that too in my prepared remarks in my three-month plus year, I've seen there are opportunities here that we are working on to make sure we simplify our portfolio. And I look at it from a simple lens of do I have a market and do I have a right to win first. And if I do, am I the rightful owner of that asset and what return are we getting. And Juan and I have spent quite some time together on talking about this. He has always been open to portfolio, and we are going to continue working on that. So Manav, I don't know if I answered your question, long answer to your short question, but lot of priorities. And then I'll end with where I started, which is back to the basics. You got to drive cost, cash and capital in this environment where we know that the commodity cycle may not be our best friend. So self-help is truly our best friend and that's what the teams are working on. So hopefully answered your question.
Manav Gupta: No, you absolutely did. My very quick follow-up and this is more on the policy side. We saw some news that there are some changes to China export taxes as it relates to UCO and maybe Chinese UCO will make its way less to the global markets. There's a little bit of possibility that President Trump might impose some tariffs on anyways UCO coming into the U.S. So I'm just trying to understand from the perspective of ADM, if China exports less Yuko to the global markets, how does -- how can that help ADM?
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you. Well, you see Manav what happened when the flood of UCO came into the U.S., so then basically soybean oil or canola oil lost percentage, it lost share as a percentage of feedstocks, if you will. And there were a lot of concerns on the origin of some of these UCO. And there have been a lot of questions by people about making sure we verify that origin, especially when you start seeing big palm oil producing countries being big exporters of UCO also. So I think part of that is to make sure that whoever is playing here is playing with the right rules. So I don't know about the regulation. There are a lot of speculation at this point in time about regulations. We just want a level-playing field. We just want to work on products that are real what they say they are. And I think that's what we aim for is transparency in the rules. Then we play by the rules.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just coming back to the cost side of things. I think your SG&A is up quite a bit this year and accelerating a bit, maybe more than kind of what would be implied by normal inflation. So I guess when we're thinking about that kind of ramp-up this year, what are some of the key drivers there? And then how are we supposed to think about that going into next year pairing with your comments about you know more focus on controlling cost. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: So I'll just start with answering the question on what's driving the increase in SG&A, there are couple of drivers here. One is the higher litigation costs that we have in defending the or sorry, the higher litigation costs that we have with the material weakness that we have. So that's number one. Number two is the company has invested in digital transformation over the last few years and that's the cost that is increasing there to support the transformation of our ERPs. Number three is we got higher interest cost that we have, which is also reported -- sorry, you were just asking SG&A, not corporate. So those are my two big drivers that drive it, which is GT and then some litigation costs. We also have normal merit increase that goes into that, but that's partially offset by the lower incentive compensation that as we see the results of the company right now, you're going to see lower. So when you look at all of that back to your question also what are we going to do about all of this, as I said, a couple of things is, we need to continue investing in digital transformation as we go through that. Secondly, I would tell you that as we work through some of the zero-based budgeting exercises that we have here, we need to make sure that where there is opportunities, there is value being added for those activities, that's what we are working on. And then the third piece that is an add to the cost, which is M&A, so as we have bought four companies that closed in 2024, you get added cost that of course comes through into SG&A, but that's also where we have to keep looking at and saying making sure the synergies for those M&As are coming through too. So I would say in the long-run, when I look at this, this is where we clearly have an opportunity to continue driving our focus on cost. And I would do cost in two places. One is cost in SG&A. The second cost is our manufacturing cost, which Juan has already talked about and I've talked about where we should be able to keep driving efficiencies, which should help us reduce cost.
Steven Haynes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We now turn to Tami Zakaria with JP Morgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tami Zakaria: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much. My question is on crush volumes. I think I saw on your slide you expect high single-digit percent type volume growth in the fourth quarter. So I'm just curious, is that a good starting point for next year barring any policy developments or can you share any initial thoughts on how you're thinking about volumes?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I would say, as you said, if you take the regulatory uncertainty out and what's going to happen with people adjusting their crush because of their blender tax credit to producer tax credit issue, whenever that's going to be solved, I think that, that level that we are disclosing is probably a reasonable level on normal conditions, if you will, yes. And that basically is just the addition of Spiritwood -- is the addition of Spiritwood that is running at full capacity basically, almost full capacity.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. That's helpful. And then just following up on that tariff question from earlier, are you preparing for any either positive or negative impacts should the incoming new administration slap tariffs on foreign imports maybe starting in January, do you see any immediate opportunities or even risks to your business when initial tariffs go into effect?
Juan Luciano: Yes, of course, our business is running a lot of scenario planning for what could happen. Normally, what we see in these circumstances is the trade flows adjust. At the end of the day, you continue to have certain demand in the world, is just satisfied in a different way. So that's where in those situations is where the footprint, the global footprint and the team of ADM normally shines because it allows us with a lot of agility to repurpose those trade flows to take advantage of the conditions. So we are remaining agile, and again doing a lot of scenario planning to be ready.
Tami Zakaria: Understood. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: You're welcome.
Operator: We now turn to Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Yes, thank you very much. You did make a comment early in the call about China increasing production of certain commodities that is impacting trade. And I was just wondering if you can talk a little bit more about that, what are these commodities you're talking about, and whether this is something that's more cyclical like higher crop production because of favorable weather or something more structural certainly more policy, I guess driven that could impact global trade in the longer-term?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think that China has shown this year that they wanted to encourage or incentivate their local corn production. And as such, they have reduced their -- they have to reduce their imports of corn. I think in -- that's probably what I was referring to, their imports of corn this year are going to be lower. I think in terms of soybeans, the situation is slightly different. I think they are preparing for the eventuality of having to or having to have, you know, tariffs or whatever. So they've been buying and they've been refreshing their reserves. So I think that in that sense the amount that they imported has been about the same. I would say it was more the corn comment.
Salvator Tiano: Okay, perfect. And just want to follow-up a little bit on to ask about the depreciation in the Brazilian reis recently. And I'm just wondering what impact could this have most of your bottom line in Q4, but especially in 2025, given that's now under -- it's now over six.
Juan Luciano: I think, Salvador, the biggest impact that happened with devaluations in Latin America is how they impact farmer selling. You see it in Argentina now that the currency and/or the spread with the you know the two exchange rates is just 10%, the farmer is a more normal seller, if you will, when they need cash and more a steady seller. In Brazil, now with the devaluation, the farmer has been more reluctant seller, if you will. So I would say when you look at Latin America, that's probably what impacts us the most is the ability of the farmer to be pressed to be a commercializer of grain.
Operator: We have no further questions. I'll now hand back to Megan Britt for any final remarks.
Megan Britt: Thank you so much for joining the call today and for your interest in ADM. Please feel free to follow-up directly with me if you have any additional questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's call has now concluded. We'd like to thank for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to ADM's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I now like to introduce your host for todays call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Thank you, Eliot. Hello and welcome to the Second Quarter Earnings Webcast for ADM. Starring to tomorrow a replay of this webcast will be available on our Investor Relations website. Please turn to slide 2. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on filed with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On todays webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano will discuss our second quarter results and share recent accomplishment on our strategic priority. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ismael Roig will review segment level performance and provide an update on our cash generation and capital allocation action. Juan will have some closing remarks and then he and Ismael will take your questions. Please turn to slide 4. I'll now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan and good morning to all of who have joined for todays call. Today, ADM report its second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.03 with an adjusted segment operating profit of $1 billion. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC was 9.7%. We delivered a strong cash flow from operations before working capital at $1.7 billion. Year-to-date, this equates to an adjusted earnings per share of $2.49 and an adjusted segment operating profit of $2.3 billion. Our team delivered solid results in challenging market conditions, highlighting the efforts of our teams across the business to manage through the commodity down cycle while putting our nutrition business on a path to recovery. Additionally, we saw signs of improving fundamentals within crush and ethanol later in the quarter, positioning us for a strong second half. We're also flexing our capital allocation strategy to return cash to shareholders, completing our planned share repurchases for the quarter and delivering our 370th consecutive quarterly dividend. Next slide, please. Let's start by reviewing the top-line results of our business units alongside our efforts to manage the cycle through productivity and innovation. Our service analysis results are significantly lower than the record results of prior years due to the ongoing rebalancing of the supply and demand environment and overall lower farmer selling. In anticipation of this year's challenges, we focus on driving stronger production volumes and actively leveraging our footprint to match supply to demand around the globe. We've also focused on differentiation opportunities, extending margins and growing volumes by more than 20% year-over-year in areas like destination marketing, achieving our targeted run rate in our Green Bison JV for renewable green diesel feedstocks, and bringing new solutions to our customers through innovations such as our recent EUDR-compliant fully traceable soybean program and the expansion of our regenerative agriculture partnerships and acreage. These regenec programs highlight our leadership in this space. ABM was named the finalist in Fast Company's world changing ideas in May. And just last week we released our second annual regenec report detailing the data backed results we are achieving across our global operations. Carbohydrate Solutions have continued the solid performance trajectory driven by strong margins for sweeteners, starches, and flour with higher volumes year-over-year. Ethanol margins also strengthened as industry production tried to keep pace with robust export and domestic demand. Along with this performance, we are continuing to drive innovation-based growth through the sustainability centered evolution of the business. We have delivered 7% year-to-date volume expansion across our BioSolutions platform, increased starch capacity in our Marshall, Minnesota facility to meet growing demand from food, beverage, and industrial customers, and in a milestone for our strategic partnership, Solugen recently broke ground on a 500,000 square foot biomanufacturing facility that will use ADM source dextrose for applications in water treatment, agriculture, energy, and home and personal care. Within our productivity agenda, the drive for execution excellence is continuing to deliver simplification and cost-saving opportunities across the enterprise. In Q2, we advance hundreds of projects that put us clearly on the path to the plan $500 million in cost reduction over the next two years. We are accelerating these efforts and expect to see a significant portion of these savings by the end of 2024. Our focus on returning nutrition to its growth trajectory is also taking hold, and we are seeing sequential top-line improvement as compared to our previous two quarters. While we are experiencing some downward pressure with texture and some protein demand, we draw strong growth in health and wellness sales, along with flavor sales growth, and excellent contributions from our recent acquisitions. In our targeted areas of focus, we are continuing to make progress. We continue to improve demand fulfillment for Flavors in our EMEA region, following the implementation of one ADM. We're optimizing cost across the Animal Nutrition portfolio, building the foundation to drive continued sequential improvement across the core of the segment. The use of our refined M&A playbook with our recent flavor acquisitions has proven to be an important accelerator to integration and the ongoing growth of our leading global Flavors business. And our innovation agenda is paying off, driving Human Nutrition revenues up 6% year-to-date, driven by flavors and our science-backed health and wellness portfolio. Our capital allocation efforts continued through the second quarter as we completed our planned shared repurchases and announced our most recent dividend. We have already returned $2.8 billion of capital to shareholders to date. The second quarter marked an important point in our efforts to manage through the market realities of 2024 and deliver on our priorities. Across all three businesses, we are evolving to drive new pockets of growth in the near term while positioning ADM to take full advantage of macro trends of sustainability, health and well-being, and food security in the longer term. As we continue to drive operational excellence and make progress on our key priorities, we have confidence in our full year expectations despite uncertainties in the external environment. Before I hand over to Ismael for a detailed review of our second quarter results, I would like to first thank him for his leadership and guidance as Interim CFO through the first half of the year. It's the hallmark of ADM leaders to step up when our organization asks for their support, and Ismael has shown that his experience, passion, and knowledge of our business set him apart as one of our best. We are excited to be welcoming Monish Patolawala to ADM as our new CFO in August, and know Ismael has important work to do as he returns to lead EMEA and Animal Nutrition's continued growth. Ismael, over to you.
Ismael Roig : Thank you, Juan. Let me begin by sharing my own thanks and congratulations for what our finance team has accomplished over the first six months of this year. As a 20-plus year employee of the company, I have seen amazing things our colleagues can accomplish when we work collectively to achieve them. And this was, again, the reality as I stepped in as Interim CFO. I'm proud to have served the company in this capacity over the last several months, and I'm excited to welcome and support Monish as he joins the team. For the second quarter ended June 30th, 2024, earnings per share on a GAAP basis were $0.98. Segment operating profit on a GAAP basis was $1 billion and included charges of $7 million, or approximately $0.01 per share related to impairments. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1 billion for the second quarter, a 37% decrease versus the prior year period. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.03. Lower pricing and execution margins led to a decline of $1.03 per share versus the prior year period, largely reflecting the impact of lower crush and origination margins. Volume improvement represented a $0.19 per share increase versus the prior year period, primarily reflecting higher volumes in AS&O and Carbohydrate Solutions. Higher costs of $0.07 per share were primarily related to $0.06 per share of unplanned downtime at Decatur East. Share repurchases represented a $0.10 per share increase versus the prior year. During the quarter, there was approximately a $0.02 per share negative impact from mark-to-market timing in the AS&O segment. Please turn to slide 7. For the second quarter, the Ag Services & Oilseeds Team delivered $459 million in operating profit, reflecting on a challenging operating environment compared to the prior year. On a year-over-year basis, mark-to-market timing for the segment was relatively muted. As Juan mentioned, strong supplies out of South America have led to a rebalancing of the supply and demand environment, while also shifting export market competitiveness from North America to South America. These ample supplies have also pressured commodity prices compared to the past two years, resulting in slower-than-expected farmer selling relative to last year and the five year averages. From the demand side, inclusion rates for meal continue to be robust, supporting domestic and export demand. Oil values were pressured during the quarter as imports of used cooking oil as a feedstock for renewable diesel continue to grow. Ag Services results were lower than the prior year, primarily driven by lower results in South American origination, as lower farmers selling due to a smaller-than-expected crop in Mato Grosso and higher logistic costs related to industry take or pay contracts led to lower margins. North America origination saw lower volumes and margins as strong crop yields out of both Brazil and Argentina led to a shift in export competitiveness to South America, as well as limited carries and trading opportunities. As we began the quarter, global demand for both meal and oil remained strong. However, the return of Argentinian crush combined with the increased imports of used cooking oil also weighed on crush margins. As we progress later in the quarter, slower farmers selling in Argentina brought tighter S&D dynamics, driving an improvement in both crush. The team performed well in this environment, leading to an executed soy crush margin of approximately $45 per metric ton for the quarter. While fundamentals supported improving crush margins as we expected, the more balanced S&D environment led to lower margins versus the prior year, translating to lower results. During the quarter, there were approximately $15 million of negative timing impacts versus negative timing impacts of approximately $195 million in the comparable period. In refined products and other, results were lowered due primarily to the reversal of prior positive mark-to-market timing impacts. In North America, increased pretreatment capacity at renewable diesel plants and higher imports of used cooking oil caused refining margins to ease relative to the record levels of last year. The biodiesel margin structure has also come off of record levels versus the prior year as a result of lower LCFS credits and RIN values. During the quarter, there were approximately $90 million of negative timing impacts versus positive timing impacts of approximately $90 million in the comparable period. Equity earnings from Wilmar of $60 million were lower compared to the prior year quarter. Moving to slide 8, the Carbohydrate Solutions team executed well, delivering $357 million in operating profit for the second quarter, which was higher versus the prior year. Industry fundamentals in the Starches & Sweeteners space continue to be supported by strong sweetener demand and an improving starch market. Within ethanol, markets became more constructive as we advanced later in the quarter and stocks moved lower, firming up both domestic and export margins. Demand for ethanol remained robust, supported by summer driving season in the U.S., solid domestic blending rates and export demand. The Starches & Sweeteners subsegment results were higher year-over-year as strong margins and volumes in North America were partially upset by lower margins in the EMEA region as they came off historically high levels. And our operational excellence efforts have helped streamline our processes and overall efficiencies, leading to improved cost positions. In the Vantage Corn Processing subsegment, strong export demand for ethanol supported solid ethanol margins, leading to higher year-over-year results. Moving to slide 9. Nutrition revenues were $1.9 billion for the second quarter, up 3% on a year-over-year basis and sequentially improved from the first quarter. Our Human Nutrition subsegment grew 10% year-over-year, as strong M&A revenue contributions as well as improved volumes and mix and flavors, combined with strong growth in our health and wellness business, more than upset headwinds from lower pricing in the texturants market and lower plant-based protein demand. Our Animal Nutrition subsegment had lower revenues versus the prior year, as lower pricing and mix was partially upset by improved volumes in the base business. Please turn to slide 10. The second quarter marked another quarter of progress with sequential improvement in operating profit for the Nutrition business, when comparing to the prior year quarter, Human Nutrition results were lower, primarily driven by unplanned downtime at Decatur East and lower texturants pricing in the specialty ingredients business. Within Flavors, we have continued to improve operations, which has led to higher shipments sequentially. In Animal Nutrition, results were higher versus the prior year, as improved execution in the base business has led to higher volumes, and cost-optimization actions and lower commodity prices helped support margins, partially upset by lower pet solutions performance in North America and Brazil. Turning to slide 11. For the second quarter, Other segment operating profit was $96 million, up 12% compared to the prior year period, supported by higher captive insurance results due to lower claim activity. ADM investor services results decreased on lower interest income. In corporate for the second quarter, an allocated corporate cost increased on higher global technology investments to support digital transformation efforts, increased legal fees, and increased securitization fees. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows on slide 12, through the second quarter, the company has continued to generate healthy cash flows with $1.7 billion of operating cash flow before working capital. Our current leverage ratio is now within our targeted range, reflecting our disciplined approach to balance sheet management and robust cash flow generation. With robust financial flexibility, we have been able to support both strategic initiatives to support long-term growth and also leverage excess cash for enhanced shareholder returns. During the quarter, we repurchased over 16 million shares through our open market repurchase program, returning approximately $1 billion of capital, thus making the completion of our targeted $2.3 billion of share repurchases for the year. In total, we have returned $2.8 billion of capital to shareholders through repurchases and dividends so far in 2024. We also continue to invest in the business with an enhanced focus on the reliability of our asset performance, allocating $700 million to capital expenditures. Now breaking down our expectations for the third quarter by segment on slide 13, in AS&O we anticipate the third quarter to be lower versus the prior year, but improved from the cyclical low margin environment from the second quarter. We anticipate demand for both meal and oil to remain robust and support crush margins, however, likely lower than the levels in the prior year. We anticipate improved process volumes in the third quarter as we enhance our focus on operational excellence across our network, and as our Green Bison JV achieves full run rates. It is also important to note the prior year period also included a $48 million insurance recovery related to damages from Hurricane Ida. In Carbohydrate Solutions, we anticipate a strong third quarter, but lower than the prior year as wheat milling margins moderate off elevated levels. Network optimization and operational excellence will continue to support strong earnings in the second half. We anticipate solid demand for ethanol both domestically and in the export markets, and upside opportunities could be presented if fundamentals hold. In Nutrition, we expect the third quarter to be higher than the prior year period. The team is systematically optimizing the organizational and operational structure across both Human and Animal Nutrition, which are expected to continue to yield cost benefits throughout the year. Coupling this with our efforts to convert pipeline opportunities and drive improved volumes, we anticipate to see continued sequential improvement in the Nutrition business throughout the year. Turning to slide 14 to discuss our full year guidance assumptions. We anticipated increased crop production in South America would lead to lower margins across the AS&O segment in 2024. And the global soybean crush margins would likely be in the range of $35 per metric ton to $60 per metric ton for the year, with performance around the midpoint determined by the strength of soybean meal and oil demand. Though the larger crop production in South America did materialize, we experienced slower than average farmers selling in that region, as well as fewer merchandising opportunities in North America through the first half, which weighed negatively on margins in act services. We expect these dynamics to continue to pressure margins in our third quarter. On soybean crush margins, we continue to see robust soybean meal demand based on solid livestock margins and some supply tightness among competing feedstuffs. From the soybean oil side, we expect that as renewable diesel production continues to grow in the second half, the demand for vegetable oil will remain well supported. And with the prospects of a large crop in North America, we perceive increased opportunities for our interior elevator network and processing plants within Oilseeds and Carbohydrates Solutions in the second half. Taking this all together, our expected crush margin remains unchanged from $35 per metric ton to $60 per metric ton, with recent fundamentals supporting margins above the midpoint. With the first half results largely in line and balancing an improving crush environment with less opportunities and merchandising in the second half, our 2024 earnings per share range remains unchanged. Looking at the other metrics included in our total consolidated guidance, our full year 2024 indications remain unchanged. Back to you, Juan.
Juan Luciano : Thank you, Ismael. As we think about the rest of 2024 and the lead-up to 2025, we remain optimistic about ADM's ability to execute against our priorities while remaining agile in an evolving environment. The pressures of the current commodity cycle do not seem to be demand-driven, as we see continued robust demand for meal and oil. We will continue to focus on how we can actively manage our global footprint to best match these realities moving through the remainder of the year. Our processing capacities are improving through the year across our production operations, including the ramp-up of Green Bison to full capacity and growing production in Ukraine. And our forward book indicates that ADM is well-positioned to drive value through improved margin opportunities as we move into the back half of the year. AS&O results have remained robust, and we expect solid demand through 2024. Assuming fundamentals hold, we have an opportunity for upside in this part of the business through the year. Our initiatives to manage through the current cycle are expanding additional margin opportunities and opening up new channels to our customers, whether in the growth of destination marketing, the expansion of digital technologies focused on farmer needs, the extension of our Regen Act programs and partnerships, or the growth of our BioSolutions platform. So as market conditions improve, ADM has even more exciting platforms for growth and differences. As noted, we expect to see a significant portion of the planned $500 million cost savings driven by the drive for execution excellence to be realized by the end of this initial year of the program, setting up for potential upside in 2025 as more projects are identified and executed. Our Nutrition business have move beyond green shoots of positive momentum. We now see cyclical improvement across the broader portfolio, flavors, health and wellness, animal nutrition. As this continues through year end, we expect a return to growth that will continue and expand in 2025. In short, progress against our priorities, along with our experienced team's ability to pivot in response to an ever changing external environment, give us confidence in a solid close to the year and set ADM up well for a continued growth trajectory for our full business in 2025. Thank you. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess I wanted to ask about the guidance. It seems like you tempered a little bit the language on the AS&O side. And nothing else really was changed, and you kept the EPS guidance. And so I guess I'm curious if there are kind of any other underlying offsets, or if you're thinking about kind of the range differently at all. And maybe, as we've seen more crush margin strength materialized through the year, how much visibility you have to that?
Juan Luciano : Yes, thank you, Andrew. Listen, as you know, we have three businesses. Ag Services, I know it is in this, what we call a transition year, if you will, a rebalancing year from tight supplies to more comfortable S&D. So we expected to have a Q2 that was facing challenging conditions, which we did. And I think we navigated well. As we look at the rest of the year and the improvements we have over the quarter in terms of crush margins, we are executing at this point in time, even outside the range of $35 to $60 per metric ton that we gave so. But of course, when you think about our forecast for Ag Services & Oilseeds was heavily weighted on Q4. So to a certain degree, until we can put more businesses into Q4, it's probably that we have the same kind of visibility we had before. That's where we decided not to touch the range. On the other hand, Carb Solutions continue to be improving. And I think that as Ismael said in his remarks, if current ethanol margins that have improved over the quarter continue to stay that way, we could have an upside there. And certainly Nutrition continues to make significant improvements year-over-year now versus just being sequential before. So we're optimistic about the second half. We just didn't want to change the guidance at this point in time since it's heavily loaded towards Q4.
Operator: We now turn to Tom Palmer with Citi.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question. I wanted to ask on the Nutrition side, you reiterated the outlook for a second profit to increase year-over-year for the full year. I first just wanted to confirm that this is after adding back the write-down in the fourth quarter, so off I think kind of a $495 billion base. And then second, I wondered if you could elaborate a bit on the key drivers of these improvements over the next couple of quarters. The implication would seem to be that 3Q is up year-over-year. And sorry, the implication of 3Q being up year-over-year, would it seem to imply like a pretty meaningful increase between 2Q and 3Q. I think historically we've seen the opposite where 2Q is a bit more reasonably strong. So just any help on that sequential improvement and then off just the base that we're looking to grow as we look at this year. Thank you.
Juan Luciano : Yes, Tom. Yes, the base is what you describe, you are correct in your assumption there. Let me give you some feel here. The sequential improvement continues in the business, as we said, and that's when we start looking at Q3, it looks like it's going to be year-over-year improvement, which marks a significant improvement in Q3 versus Q2. If I go through the different segments, if you will, Flavors continues to do well. I think the business is up in sales 6%, excluding M&A. Of course, it's still reeling with some higher cost because of all the demand fulfillment improvements we needed to make. But demand is coming back to normal, recovering after this tuck-in period. So we feel good about our pipeline there. We feel good about our prospects for Flavor. Specialty ingredients continue to have a challenge in time. Demand is often we are working through our plant issues. Also, we have the issue of texturants or more specifically emulsifiers in that area are coming down after significant record prices last year, if you will. Health and wellness continue to be very strong. Biotic sales growth is up to 22%. And I think that the pipeline there and the prospects continue to be very strong. When you think about Animal sector, in Animal Nutrition, excluding pet, improvement continues. And based on a strong self-help plan, so it's pretty much under our control, so we feel good about that. Pet Solutions is finding mixed results around the globe. If, I would say, Brazil market conditions continue to be challenging, North America, specifically the US, is still having some demand fulfillment issues. But we are looking good in terms of the improvements we are making towards Q3. And Mexico, our B2C business continues to be very strong. So I would say, overall, with the exception of specialty ingredients, which is the weak part, the rest of the business is looking good. So we expect significant improvements sequentially. And I will start making them improvements year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to ask about oilseed process volumes. So they were up 1% for the quarter. But in Q1, they were up nearly 9%. And you remarked that utilization of Spiritwood was full for the quarter. So, I was just wondering if there were one-time issues during the quarter and if so, there's been rectified in order to reach all mid to high single-digit growth outlook for the year.
Juan Luciano : Yes. Thank you, Heather. As you said, yes, Spiritwood is performing very well, so is coming up in volumes. Traditionally, I would say in North America, when we have our low part of the cycle in North America, where South America has all the capacity, we take shutdowns in anticipation of demand not being very strong and we want to have our plants ready for the harvest. So, I think that's a traditional seasonal slowdown that we do. So, nothing unusual in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping to maybe drill in on some of the cost and productivity initiatives that you have underway right now. And I think, one, there's a target of $500 million savings by the end of 2025, kind of split between the two years. Can you maybe provide an update on what you've realized to date in 2024, what the 2024 savings kind of are expected to be on a net basis and maybe any additional color in terms of where within the portfolio those are actually hitting the P&L? I really appreciate it. Thank you.
Juan Luciano : Yes, thank you, Adam, for the question. Yes, we're very proud of how this initiative that we put together at the beginning of the year has continued to accelerate. So far, we are on track. If you think about $500 million in over two years. That's about %125 million per half. We delivered about $127 million in the first half. So we're pretty much on track there. But this group of activities and projects and ideas continue to accelerate. So that's not going to be linear. It's going to be an accelerated bringing up to the P&L and to the bottom line. So we feel very good about it. We are very confident that our forecast shows that we're going to deliver on the $500 million way before the two year mark. With regard to what's the distribution of that, of course, sometimes when you have more bigger manufacturing units or bigger energy consumption, like in Carb Solutions, you have more opportunities to bring that. So I would say, if I were to name a ranking today. Initially, out of the gate, we see more in Carb Solutions and Nutrition because of some of the improvements we needed to make in demand fulfillment, and maybe Ag Services & Oilseeds having to pick a momentum during the second half, so we will see that. So but overall, I think good distribution of projects around the four geographies and the three businesses, and again, catching momentum when you have a big organization that you need to promote all these activities, so not everybody starts at the same time, so we feel very good by being on track, and again, we think ahead of schedule for our $500 million over two years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays.
Ben Theurer: Hi, yes, good morning, Juan, Ismael. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to the Nutrition business and just understand a little bit what your cadence is into the back half as the Decatur East plan is going to come back in. You've selected the $25 million higher fixed cost observation. We just wanted to understand how immediately are you going to be able to gain this back, so as we move into the ramp-up of this, the East part of Decatur, how should we think about those cost headwinds that we've seen over the past? Is that to be recovered in 24, or is that more of the 25 thing? Thank you.
Ismael Roig : Yes, thank you for the question. From the point of view of plant protein, we do expect the plants to come online again in Q4, so we will see some of that recovery coming in. I think as we look at the second half, we significantly pulled quite a bit of volume out in 2023 as a result, obviously, of the Decatur East facility, but also, we had in demand fulfillment. So I did report -- we did report a 3% revenue growth, as we look into the second half, we are seeing an acceleration of that, and we expect to grow, to be on track to deliver roughly in the mid-single digit growth when we bring back some of these facilities and demand fulfillment capabilities that we had lost in the second half of 23.
Juan Luciano : I would say that maybe complimenting Ismael, I think is a 25 impact not very much 24 impact given in the Q4 so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS.
Manav Gupta: Hi. A quick question. We are seeing a very strong rebound in ethanol margins, and it's just seasonal. Is it what's else going out there? Do you think this sustains itself in the second half, and then how does that position you well in the Sweeteners and Starches business across in the second half? Thank you.
Juan Luciano : Yes, thank you, Manav, for the question. We have been seeing for a while that exports have been increasing year-over-year, so ethanol continues to be one of the cheapest alkoxylates out there, and it's very competitive with gasoline in many parts of the world. So we have seen a strong domestic demand because of miles driven in the U.S., especially now with the summer. We have been seeing good blending in the U.S. I think the price of ethanol is very competitive to encourage blending. And we have seen exports at levels that we've never seen before, probably north of 1.7, maybe even 1.9 billion gallons per year. So I think that was a very logical kind of when you see that the strong demand was very logical, that prices will rebound. And, again, we don't see any change for now. It will depend on how much the U.S. produces, of course, of ethanol. But at this point in time, margins are holding, and we think that it bodes well for a strong Q3. In terms of Sweeteners and Starches, that business continues to have very robust volumes and very good margins. If anything, you can see a little bit of a pullback of the energy complex, if you will. That bodes well for manufacturing costs, because these are big facilities that consume a lot of energy. So natural gas prices being close to $2 is a little bit of a tailwind for us. So, Carb Solution is having a very good year so, and we expect that to continue.
Ismael Roig : I'd like to compliment on the Sweeteners & Starches side, as you know, there's been a fairly low corn crop in Mexico, and that has certainly helped with exports of sweetener and starches products into Mexico. So it's created a demand pool into Mexico that has helped the overall market structure for our business in North America.
Operator: We now turn to Salvator Tiano with Bank of America.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much. I just wanted to clarify a little bit on the crush margins. So again, I think you made in your prepared remarks a comment that soybean crush margins were $45 per ton in Q2, and at least based on the report, EBITDA, I don't know if I'm missing something, and I may not be fully comparable, but it looks like your crush margins per ton were much, much lower than that. So what am I missing here? Are you easier, I guess, benchmarked the way you're presenting the $35 to $60 material different from what we would see, for example, on Bloomberg synthetic margin? And you made also the comment that you recently executed the trades, I guess, above the top end of the range, above $60. So can you elaborate a little bit on that? Are we talking about just one of trades, or is it something that you're actually consistently generating so far in Q3?
Juan Luciano : Sure. Let me clarify for you. First of all, the $45 per ton is the $45 per ton we made this year. So we can work offline to walk you through the arithmetic, if you will, but there's nothing strange on that. If I go around the world, if you will, on crush margins, at this point between $60 to $70 in the US, that's where we are making businesses, about similar margins for soy in Europe, Brazil may be something between $10 and $50 depending on their domestic plants or export plants, China, $20 to $25, that kind of the margin environment. I would say when we started the quarter, we were doing margins in the low end of our range and as maybe Argentine farmers did not sell, as maybe the industry was expecting, we saw more demand for soybean milk coming into North America that make an improvement in our crush margins, so we finished the quarter a little bit better than maybe we thought, about the $45 per ton. We are selling, we said before that we were relatively open going out. We have some of the Q3 sold, what we don't have sold, we are selling at about $60 to $70 per ton. So that's the crush realities at this point in time. So I think that then we're going to leap into Q4 where we have hopefully a very large crop here in the US. Crops look terrific so far in the US, so we expect to have plenty of raw materials in that. And demand for soybean milk continues to be strong around the world and I think low prices have incentivated demand. Demand is driven a lot by poultry, as you know, and soybean milk has been increasing in the Russians. And then on the oil side, we continue to see a little bit more RGG plants coming on the stream on the second half, so that will bode well as well. So we are positive about crush margins for the rest of the year for North America.
Operator: We now turn to Dushyant Ailani with Jefferies.
Dushyant Ailani: Hi. Can you hear me? Yes. Thank you for taking my question. I just want to talk on the CapEx guide. I think it's improved or its increased by about $300 million. I just wanted to see what's driving that.
Ismael Roig : Yes. I think CapEx is always, the prioritization of CapEx is always NDE, so maintenance and safety and quality we do first. So whatever the plants need at any point in time. So that's a bottom up, roll up of their respective needs. Then we fill it up with cost projects, which the execution excellence challenge that we have to deliver $500 million and bring in more ideas, some of those ideas require CapEx. So you can see that growing and then there are growth projects around the world. So I would say nothing specifically is a little bit of everybody else executing on their plans. So I would say nothing. There is a little bit of CapEx inflation as well in our numbers because things are a little bit more expensive than maybe they were two years ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley.
Steven Haynes: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to come back to Argentina. You mentioned it's kind of been a bit of a tailwind kind of towards the end of the second quarter on some slower than expected farmer selling. So how are you kind of thinking about how that evolves over the balance of the year and what's you kind of helps us think about the risk Argentia kind of coming back into the market in a more meaningful way going forward? Thank you.
Juan Luciano : Yes. So what happened in Argentina, there was a big expectation for the unification of the exchange rate. And of course that hasn't happened so far. On the contrary, the GAAP has increased to about 50% or 55%. So at this point in time, when you combine low commodity prices because of all the abundant production and then the exchange rate, it's not very favorable for the farmer to sell. So the farmer in Argentina is selling a little bit more corn but trying to hold the beans. Will the government, so the question is, will the government be able to unify the exchange rate? I think the government's priorities right now is to fight inflation. And that was the whole plan. So they don't have a lot of room to maneuver to change something because the moment you divide, you change the exchange rate, everything is translated into prices. And the priority right now is to control prices. So I think this is for the good of Argentina long-term as a country, but I think short term will present a problem for the farmer to sell. So I think the farmer will hold as much as possible unless there is a special program that the government rolls out that they don't seem to have a lot of latitude to do so at this point in time. So I think we need to be cautious about the thinking that a lot of the crop will come as a glut to Argentina. It hasn't happened so far.
Operator: We have a follow up question from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research.
Heather Jones: Thanks for taking the follow up. I wanted to ask about the Chinese UCO into the U .S. situation. So our understanding is those are slow some and then there is an expectation that with Europe imposing anti-dumping duties on Chinese biodiesel that China may shift more of their UCO to that market and not as much as the U.S. And just wondering what you all are seeing there and how you are expecting that to evolve throughout the year?
Juan Luciano : Yes, thank you, Heather. So of course there was a lot of noise by the industry about the prospects of maybe some adulterated or not quite truly UCO coming into the U.S. and checking for that. So we have seen some significant moderation of that coming. I don't want to pinpoint a particular reason, but part of that what you mentioned maybe in Europe is true as well. Europe will not allow raw crops to be part of that. So as they start to build SIF, they will have to use more UCO. So it's naturally that some of those flows would move to Europe. The current North American feedstock market is better balanced after the situation we have in Q1. So I think also we saw palm oil going up in prices. So I think that it's bodes better for soybean oil going forward for the U.S.
Operator: We have another follow-up from Salvator Tiano with Bank of America.
Salvator Tiano: Yes. Thank you very much. I just want to ask about the ethanol outlook, and I know you talked about a lot of factors here, but clearly your commentary on the starches and sweeteners, which include, I guess, the wet meals, was more negative, saying about lower ethanol margins year-on-year, whereas VCP, being the dry meals, it was much, much higher year-on-year. So can you discuss a little bit the differentiation there, and it seems like a lot of the delta is from the export side. So essentially, are you seeing different pricing, different margins from the exports, and as they become a much more important part of the ethanol mix, which we weren't used to in the past, is this something that besides being a driver of demand and operating rates, is it something that's margin accretive, or do the netbacks tend to be lower for export ethanol?
Juan Luciano : Yes, there are several factors, Salvator, here in place. So first of all, the ethanol margins are the ethanol margins, and they are better right now. They are probably twice as big as they were at the beginning of the quarter. There are some particular export markets where we can export as a premium, and we're taking advantage on that. I don't have top of my head where we export those from in terms of plants. But at this point in time, I would say the challenge, not the challenge, but maybe the activity has been on the logistics side to make sure that we can fulfill all the exports and we can get the materials to the ports, because, as you said, and I said before, demand has been very strong, and margins are very good, so we need to take advantage on that. Plants are running well. As I said, costs are coming a little bit lower, so this all bodes well for the forecast. And there's no reason for demand to change significantly outside of the world. We have a basket of countries where we are exporting is very well balanced. So at this point in time, we're looking at Q3 with optimism.
Operator: We have another follow-up from Andrew Strelzik with BMO.
Andrew Strelzik: Great. Thank you. I wanted to just get your perspective on broader biofuels policy. As we get deeper into the back part of the year here, we're getting close to some upcoming upcoming changes obviously the PTC maybe decisions around the RBO import export dynamic so just was curious for some updated thoughts about how those policy shifts will impact your business and whether you think there's risk on the timing of some of those things getting done. It feels like some of the timing around biofuels policy has been a moving target in a number of different ways. So just curious for how you're thinking about that progressing and impacting your business from here? Thanks.
Juan Luciano : Yes. I think all these regulatory frameworks creates movements and uncertainty, the more clarity the industry can have of course the better. I think you have to think about the message around biodiesel blenders credit to a producer credit is, at the end of the day we still have a higher mandate for 2025 and a real deficit in 2024. So I think that you have to think that vegetables oil will be part of the solution to filling that mandate, ultimately the pie is getting bigger here and not the vegetable oil should be gaining on the low CI products especially now that California's CFS credits have come down a little bit. So I think that the problem with these are the short terms gyrations of that is very difficult to know what's going to happen Q4 so maybe we have accelerated buying in Q4 maybe we have a little bit of a slowdown in Q1. But I think overall as we look at that overall policy is constructive for all these and we see more demand and the pie getting bigger. So I think it's all positive for crush margins in the medium or long term calling it by quarter is more difficult.
Operator: We have no further questions, so I'll now hand back to Megan Britt for closing remarks.
Megan Britt : Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow up with me if you have additional questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's call is now concluded. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Megan Britt: Hello and welcome to ADM's first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Juan Luciano, our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Ismael Roig, our Interim Chief Financial Officer. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks on the call today, which are posted on the investor relations section of the ADM website and through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. I'll now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan. Today, ADM reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.46, adjusted segment operated profits of $1.3 billion, and a trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC of 11.2%. Our first quarter operating cash flow before working capital was $900 million. In a year where the buildup of grain and oil seeds supply is expected to create pressure on margins, our teams are proactively taking action to manage through the cycle, driving structural earnings, ROIC, and cash flow generation. Our strong performance and disciplined management of our balance sheet continue to allow us to invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. Next slide, please. Last month, we laid out three priorities for value creation in 2024. One, managing through the cycle. Two, nutrition recovery. And three, enhanced return of cash to shareholders. We made progress on each of these priorities in the first quarter. Our efforts to manage through the cycle highlight ADM's ability to mitigate challenging headwinds while building structurally on enduring global trends, such as sustainability. To share a few examples of progress in the first quarter, we have been ramping up production at our Green Bison joint venture with Marathon, with increased volumes and utilization in [indiscernible]. And we're expecting to be at sustained full run rates for harvest this fall. We're continuing to evolve the carbohydrate solutions business through decarbonization, driving nearly 10% volume growth in bio solutions in Q1, while managing solid demand across the core business. Driven by increasing demand for sustainable resource feedstocks and solutions, we are announcing today that we're not only exceeded our 2023 goal of 2 million acres in our regenerative ag programs, we have also increased our 2025 acreage goal from 4 million to 5 million acres. This growth highlights the leadership role ADM is playing across the regenerative ag landscape, which is built upon the longstanding relationships we have with our more than 200,000 farmers partners. The Drive for Excellence program is focused on uncovering efficiency and effectiveness opportunities across ADM, taking action to improve outcomes and deliver cost savings. To-date, we have generated a pipeline of nearly 1,200 validated proposals. Many of these are already delivering results. For example, colleagues in Thailand had developed Chatbot to automate processing of thousands of logistic transactions previously done with a manual process, reducing errors and dramatically improving operating performance. Colleagues in Spain have released capacity in our Valencia extract facility by more than 35% by adjusting the extraction time. These projects and more like this will support us in achieving our aggressive cost savings objective of $500 million over the next two years. Moving to nutrition, the team is focused on actions across all areas of planned recovery, and we've seen expected sequential improvement coming out of the fourth quarter. The impact of these actions will accelerate in the back half of the year, consistent with what we mentioned in the last earnings call. Let me provide a few examples of progress we're making across the targeted areas. Our focus on operations and supply chain has helped us debottleneck some of our demand fulfillment challenges, particularly in EMEA Flavors, where the team has rallied to adjust our fulfillment processes following the go-live of 1ADM and improved volumes delivered sequentially. We're leveraging our improved M&A playbook to support the integration of our most recent Flavor acquisitions and now forecast better results than the initial deal model estimates. To increase speed, agility, and responsiveness to customer needs while delivering more wins across each market segment, we have fine-tuned our go-to-market and COE organizations to best align to demand. Looking to our capital allocation efforts, we have maintained our balanced capital allocation approach while leveraging excess cash flow for enhanced returns to shareholders. We returned a significant amount of cash to shareholders to date as we repurchased more than 20 million shares. As mentioned last month, our focus for excess capital deployment will remain centered on the shareholders. In summary, we are making measurable progress across each of our three major priority areas in 2024, which is setting us up well to navigate the market headwinds we are facing this year and delivering in line with our expectations. I would now like to turn the call over to Ismael for more detail on the first quarter financial results. Ismael?
Ismael Roig: Thank you, Juan. Let's start on Slide six, which provides overall segment operating profit and EPS for the first quarter of 2024. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.3 billion for the first quarter, a 24% decrease versus the prior year. At a high level, operating profit was primarily down year-over-year in ag services and oil seeds and nutrition. In the other segment, which includes ADMIS and Captive Insurance, we had a 25% increase in operating profit. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.46 for the quarter. Lower pricing and execution margins primarily driven by margin normalization in the AS&O business led to a $1 per share decrease. This includes lower mark-to-market impact in AS&O of approximately $0.38 per share. Our enhanced focus on operational excellence and improving the reliability of our assets, as well as the ramp-up of our Green Bison JV, led to volume improvement in the AS&O segment, resulting in a $0.20 per share increase in EPS versus the prior year. Lower manufacturing costs and input costs led to a $0.15 per share increase versus the prior year, partially offset by negative impacts associated with unplanned downtime at our Decatur East facility. Higher equity earnings, primarily related to Wilmar, attributed a $0.07 per share increase versus the prior year. Increased corporate costs related to the 1ADM implementation and legal fees drove a decrease of $0.11 per share versus the prior year. In other, benefits from share repurchases more than offset negative impacts related to a higher adjusted income tax rate, leading to a $0.06 per share increase versus the prior year. Moving to Slide seven, let's look at our segment performance for AS&O. For the first quarter, the AS&O team delivered $864 million in operating profit, reflecting increasing headwinds from lower commodity prices and ample supplies, partially offset by improvements in process volumes and manufacturing costs, as we enhanced our focus on items within our control. The Ag Services subsegment operating profit was lower versus the prior year, primarily due to the stabilization of trade flows leading to lower global trade and risk management results. Slower farmer selling also negatively impacted export volumes and margins in South America. Crushing subsegment operating profit for the quarter of $232 million was lower versus the prior year. Increased imports of used cooking oil and the anticipation of large South American supplies negatively impacted North American soy crush margins, more than offsetting the benefits from improved process volumes and lower manufacturing costs. There were positive mark-to-market timing impacts during the quarter of approximately $40 million versus positive timing impacts of approximately $240 million in the first quarter of 2023. Refined products and other subsegment results were $157 million. Results were driven by weaker North American refining margins due to the increased imports of used cooking oil, as well as negative mark-to-market timing impacts of approximately $30 million versus positive impacts of approximately $40 million in the prior year. Equity earnings from Willmar were $149 million during the first quarter, higher than the prior year. Moving to Slide eight, let's look at carbohydrate solutions. For the first quarter of 2024, carbohydrate solution segment operating profit was $248 million. The team executed well in a solid demand environment, as well as advance our BioSolutions platform with strong volume growth. Turning to the subsegments. In the starches and sweeteners subsegment, strong starches and sweeteners margins in North America were offset by pressured domestic ethanol margins due to strong industry production and elevated stocks, as well as moderating margins in the EMEA region. In the vantage corn processing subsegment, strong export demand for sustainably certified ethanol supported both volumes and improved margins, leading to an improvement in year-over-year results. Please turn to Slide nine. Nutrition revenues were $1.8 billion for the quarter. In the human nutrition subsegment, strong M&A revenue contributions from our recent acquisitions, as well as price and mixed benefits in flavors, were partially offset by lower volumes in plant-based proteins and normalizing pricing in the texturants markets. Our animal nutrition subsegment had lower revenues versus the prior year, driven by lower pricing and mix. Demand creation has remained strong and provided significant revenue pipeline opportunities. We anticipate steady improvement in demand fulfillment throughout the course of the year, recovering a significant portion of volumes in the second half of the year. Please turn to Slide 10. While we have room to go on our commitment to restore the growth trajectory of the nutrition business, we believe Q1 was an important first step, showing sequential improvement from a challenged fourth quarter, evidencing progress in our operations. For the first quarter, nutrition segment operating profit was $84 million. Human nutrition subsegment results of $76 million were lower than the prior year, driven primarily from headwinds in the specialty ingredients business due to higher fixed cost absorption at Decatur East and normalizing texturants pricing. Animal nutrition subsegment results of $8 million were higher compared to the prior year, primarily driven by cost optimization efforts and lower commodity prices supporting margins. Please turn to Slide 11. For the first quarter, other segment operating profit was $121 million, up 25% compared to the prior year. The improvement was largely driven by improved Captive Insurance results on higher program premiums and lower claim losses. In corporate, unallocated corporate costs increased versus the prior year on higher global technology investments to support digital transformation efforts, as well as increased legal fees. Other corporate was unfavorable compared to the prior year due to an investment valuation loss of approximately $18 million. Please turn to Slide 12. With healthy cash flows and a strong balance sheet, we have maintained our balanced capital allocation approach while leveraging excess cash flow for enhanced returns to shareholders. We entered 2024 with momentum, which has allowed us to return $1.3 billion to shareholders via repurchases during the quarter, with $1 billion being executed through an accelerated share repurchase program. We intend to actualize the additional $1 billion of share repurchases approved last quarter throughout the remainder of the year. We still anticipate capital expenditures will be held at a level aligned with depreciation and amortization, focused largely on investments to secure reliability of asset performance through modernization and digitization efforts. Now, let's transition to a discussion on our full year guidance on Slide 13. Our first quarter results were largely in line with expectations, and in turn, our 2024 planning assumptions and EPS guidance remain unchanged. We are raising our corporate net interest expense guidance from approximately $500 million to approximately $525 million, as the Federal Reserve has signaled that the probability of interest rate cuts in 2024 has decreased. Last month, we mentioned that the global grain and oil seeds supply is expected to increase as anticipated improvements in weather would support larger production levels in key South American countries. With this, we anticipate that commodity prices will continue to ease from the recent highs of the past two years and that trade flows will adjust at the dislocations. As a result, we anticipate the global soybean crush margins would moderate in 2024, likely moving into a range of $35 per metric ton to $60 per metric ton. During the first quarter, the team executed well on a strong forward book supported by meal demand, leading to executed soy crush margins of approximately $55 per metric ton. As we look today, we see that the forward curves reflect the assumption of ample South American supplies and the return of Argentinian production, specifically in Q2 and Q3. While the supply side certainly has pushed forward curves to the lower end of that range in the near term, we remain constructive from the demand side. We continue to expect vegetable oil demand growth from renewable diesel as large facilities ramp up in Q2 and Q3, despite the increase in imports of used cooking oil. From the soybean meal side, lower soybean meal prices are incentivizing demand, supporting producer profitability and, in turn, leading to higher inclusion rates. Now moving to the breakdown of expectations by segment for Q2 2024 on Slide 14. In AS&O, we anticipate the second quarter to be significantly lower versus elevated prior year levels. We anticipate our average global soy crush margin to be towards the lower end of the guided range during the second quarter as the market balances strong soybean availability against increased crush capacity. We still remain confident in our full year planning assumptions as we move through the seasonally lower middle of the year as the world pivots to South American production. In carbohydrate solutions, we anticipate the second quarter to be higher versus the prior year, driven by solid demand and margins in North American starches and sweeteners, partially offset by moderating margins in wheat milling and international corn milling after elevated results in the prior year period. We anticipate solid demand for ethanol, both domestically and in the export markets, similar to the prior year. For nutrition, the second quarter is expected to be lower versus the prior year as we face headwinds in specialty ingredients. We anticipate to see another quarter of sequential improvement as we continue to make progress in demand fulfillment. Back to you, Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ismael. Please turn to Slide 15. As you can see, our team is continuing to improve execution excellence across our strategic and operational priorities, which requires a level of agility that is a hallmark of ADM's workforce. We're focusing the organization on a combination of productivity and innovation to help offset increasingly challenging market conditions based on growing commodity supply. Our teams are looking for every opportunity to manage what we can control, remaining nimble to adjust quickly to external circumstances while advancing our strategy. When we look ahead to the rest of the year, our business priorities in 2024 put us in a position to manage through this cycle. Through the differentiation and evolution of our business models in ag services and oil seeds and carb solutions, our drive for excellence program, the recovery of our nutrition business, and continued focus on shareholder returns, we have confidence in our outlook for the full year. Thanks for your time today. We look forward to taking your questions. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Andrew Strelzik of BMO. Andrew, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: I guess I wanted to ask about the interplay. I wanted to ask about the interplay between US and South America crops and timing and farmer selling in terms of the implications for crush margins and how you're thinking about that. It seems like we've got some delayed farmer selling out of South America that could push out the timing to which that crop comes to market. And so I guess I'm just curious how you're thinking about the balance there and ultimately kind of the confidence that you have as we get into the back part of the year that you see crush margins consistent with your expectations. Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. So what we're seeing in South America at the moment, Brazil has had a little bit of a better selling last couple of weeks from the farmer perspective, given that with the harvest and also some of the devaluation of the real. So we've seen the crush margins there for Q2 improving a little bit around our portfolio of products. In Argentina, a little bit more difficult to read, Argentina with the economic plans and the uncertainty about how the government navigates through the difficult times. There are also a lot of, even when the farmer may agree to sell, there are some strikes, like right now, there are some strikes in Argentina that are popping through every sector of the economy. So a little bit more difficult to predict, but the reality is all that crop will come to the market. And we're starting to see that in crush margins, and you can see that. So what Ismael was reading in his remark is that, we highlighted a range of crush for the year. We operated in the first quarter, mostly in the higher part of that range, we will move in the second and third quarter, as traditionally happened when South America has a big crop, toward the low end of that range. And then we see at the end of the year, September onward, when we have a crop here in the U.S., where our margins will recover. So that's the way we see the year. We continue to see a strong meal demand as soybean meal becomes cheaper, and it gets more favor in the inclusions, especially when we see some maybe bottom out of profitability from the poultry sector. So that bodes well for our demand. And we have new RGD plants coming in on the stream in the U.S., whether it's Q2 or Q4, that will bring like another half a million ton more of soybean oil demand for the U.S. And don't forget that Brazil increased their mandate to B14, which represents another half a million tons of soybean oil. So all in all, I think that all that oil demand and meal demand will be important to bring back crush margins to the higher part of the range at the end of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens Inc. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: So I want to ask in the carbohydrate solution segment, you point to a pretty robust outlook for the remainder of the year for starches and sweeteners. In particular, you call out strong volumes. That's a bit of a recovery from what we saw last year. Can you talk about some of the dynamics that you're seeing around volume and the pace of recovery that you're seeing in volume that makes you call out this year?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say we've seen strong demand, I would say, I don't know, strong or solid demand across all our segments. Margins have been good. We continue to get a lift on margins by the reduction in chemicals, the reduction in energy prices, a little bit better operations of our facilities. And I would say the main difference maybe versus last year was the last year we have exceptional margins in international milling and also in the corn business in Europe. Those have moderated a little bit, but still the business remained very strong. So I would say all the sweeteners and starches contracted for the year, we're pleased with it. And we expect strong exports to Mexico, other countries pulling well. So I would say, we feel strongly about having a Q2 that's going to be better than last year. So all in all, the uncertainty continues to stay on the ethanol side in which we are cautiously optimistic that, the maintenance systems will balance inventories, if you will, and lift a little bit of margins there. But for the rest of the business, rest of the business is operating very solidly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of Citi. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: I wanted to maybe dive in a little more on refined products. You noted lower biodiesel margin expectations for the year and then in prepared remarks and pressure from imported used cooking oil. I guess, what do you see on more of a regional basis when we think about those refined spreads and more pressured U.S. and other places? And then you did have some timing gains a year ago. We saw a bit of an unwind in 1Q. Just any help on the expected progression of those as we move through 2024? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So let me deconstruct a little bit the RPO part. The difference in Q1, so results were lower significantly than last year where we had the record year. Main reason for that is North America, as you described, the imports of used cooking oil negatively impacted North America refining margins. Actually, in EMEA, our results were higher. We executed on the strong biodiesel margins. And I would say refining there is in line with the prior year. I would say we have additional volumes that offset a little bit lower refining premiums. South American results in biodiesel and packages, margins are stronger in the current year, supported by, as I said, increased biodiesel mandate. That's half a million tons per year of new demand that really impacted that. So overall, I think the dynamic will be similar for second quarter in which you will see refining margins lower in North America and crush margins and refining margins a little bit better in South America.
Tom Palmer: Thanks. And just any help on the timing, Juan?
Juan Luciano: Oh, yes. Well, year-over-year, there was a $72 million negative of net timing impacts in Q1. So we had a negative mark-to-market this quarter of $30 million versus the previous year where we had a positive of 42. So that's the arithmetics, if you will, of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Gupta of UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Good morning. My only question is, can you provide the path to the full restart of the Decatur East plant? Like where are we in the restart regulatory or construction, if you could help us out with that? Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Manav. Good morning. Listen, there's a lot of activity going on there. But we have said, I think this is something we've got nutrition is going to carry as a headwind during the whole year. We expect that plant reasonably to be operating in Q4. I cannot provide any more details or granularity on that as we're going through all the projects, but I would say as soon as we have more specifics, we will be updating all you guys on that. But at this point in time, I think you need to think that the headwinds for nutrition in specialty ingredients and a lot of that driven by this will carry through the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: I was just hoping you could help me. I just want to discuss the crush margin outlook a little more specifically on the soy side. So thank you for the cadence information you provided earlier. But I just wanted to dig in a little bit more. So at present, the curve for the U.S. has margins below the range. And then on a cash basis, in certain regions, they're materially below that 35. So when I think about the rest of the year, are y'all assuming that regions like Brazil and Europe are going to provide a material uplift to offset the U.S.? Or is it you think the increased soybean oil demand, et cetera., will make U.S. margins materially better than the curve is indicating at present? So just trying to think about how you all are thinking about that.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Heather, good to hear from you. Listen, the way we're seeing it at the moment, so North America, as we said, Q2 and probably Q3 will move to the lower part of the range. Then as we come through the year and we get more beans here in the U.S. and we get more renewable green diesel volume coming from probably 1 billion gallon more of capacity that's coming, we think that, that and inclusion rates will drive Q4 higher. In the Q2, Q3 area, if you will, we see right now, crush margins in Brazil have gotten better across all our plants, not only the domestic ones, but also the export ones. So as the farmer has been selling a little bit more, as you get more through the harvest there in Latin America, farmers start to move a little bit more volume. In Brazil, it was helped by the devaluation. So we saw that easing the pressure that we have in getting beans and helping crush margins. Europe, we expect it to be around $40 per ton, so it's a little bit in the middle of the pack. China, we don't have a lot of visibility in China, but it seems to be very spot in China at the moment. So it's a little bit hand to mouth over there. So in general, as I said, we see for ADM, at least, a big correction going into the second quarter, also a soft third quarter, and then we start to see coming back up in the Q4. But mostly, the curve of the U.S., if you will, with a little bit moderation provided by the other areas.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: I wanted to ask a little bit about ethanol. And specifically, it seems like your commentary on ethanol was a little bit different between starches and sweeteners and VCP. It seems like you talked about lower ethanol margins in the former and better ethanol demand margins, et cetera, in VCP. So can you clarify why this, I guess, ethanol margins from the 2 different types of mills diverged? And also specifically, what are you seeing on the ethanol export front, and why is that benefiting VCP more than Starches and Sweeteners?
Juan Luciano: Yes. The reference we made to that is because VCP results were helped by stronger export demand for sustainably certified ethanol, and we get a premium for sustainably certified ethanol. So that supported volumes and margins. In general, Salvator, ethanol is a very cheap oxygenate, so it's getting a lot of demand from the rest of the world. So exports are expected to be north of 1.5 billion gallons. And blending demand inside the U.S. domestically has been good. It's just that this is the time of the year in which the plants have produced a lot. I always said the plants are exothermic. So in a time of cold temperature, they produce a lot, and that's a time where we drive the least. So now we're going into more the maintenance period of those plants. And I think that inventories for the industry, we hope will come a little bit more into balance, and we expect that to higher driving miles during the summer to balance margins a little bit better. But we expect for the whole year for exports to remain very healthy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Just wanted to follow up on some of the initiatives you're doing within the Nutrition business. And Juan, you talked about it at the beginning as it relates to like just simplification, portfolio optimization. So as you've looked through the assets and obviously, it's been volatile here and somewhat soft, obviously impacted by some of the onetime items. But as you think about Nutrition going forward and past some of the issues with the plant downtime, et cetera. How do you want to structure this business? Where do you want to take it to? What do you think is going to be the Nutrition, call it, maybe 2.0 version in 2 to 3 years time? What's the contribution, animal, human? How should we think about this?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Good question. Listen, if you see the sequential improvement that we have had right now, is we're taking a lot of the one-offs we received last year or even in Q4 out of the picture, if you will. Some of them completely. Some of them, they're going to continue to improve as the business improve the reliability of our supply, if you will. I would say, in the short-term, you need to be able to see through some of the headwinds that we will get in revenue because of the correction of raw materials. So there are some parts of the Nutrition business, what we call Specialty Ingredients, if you will, that were either related to proteins or emulsifiers. Those things tend to correct revenue because they are related to soy or corn at the end of the day, so they moderate. And that business is a business that from a volume perspective, there is a reshuffle of the demand in terms of plant-based proteins. And there's a lot of exciting stuff that the industry is doing. Listen, there is a lot of emerging technologies, novel ingredients and new culinary techniques that will come to revitalize that demand over time, but that's a shift that we're going through and you're not going to see that in 2024. But that's something that, long term, we still believe in that piece. Right now, in the present time, flavor, we continue to see strong demand for flavor, whether it's in North America or whether it's in Europe. To the extent that we can release our supply constraints, we will be able to capitalize more on that. And U.S. has been doing better, faster than maybe Europe, and we're correcting those things in Europe but we feel strongly about that. On the Health & Wellness perspective, biotics continues to excel. Biotics have increased OP by like 100% in the first quarter. So we're doing very well. We're getting some headwinds from the fibers perspective, but I think that's a matter of competitive materials. But over time, fibers has a very positive prognosis as all of us are trying to incorporate more protein and fibers in our diet and reduce fats and sugar that's where the world nutrition trends are moving. And then when you think about the Animal Nutrition side, Animal Nutrition is probably the most undervalued, if you will, story given their potential. Because we are doing a lot of self-help, and that self-help continues to be seen in the P&L. But some of the protein sector issues have impacted the demand there. I would say there in the Animal Nutrition area is where we're probably going to see more of the refinement of the portfolio, if you will, just because there are unevenness across sectors in terms of our ability to achieve the right returns on the long-term. So in some part of the sectors, it's more like self-help. In other parts, it's more innovation driven. And even if you go to things like pet, where the demand is very strong, there are pieces of the world that are doing exceptionally well for us like Mexico. There are pieces where demand is very strong, like in North America, so maybe we need to fix some supply issues. And there are parts of the world, like maybe like South America, where structurally it becomes a little bit more difficult to make money. So we are applying different recipes to the different parts of the world. But I still see a very complete Nutrition business, if you will, going forward, more focus on the maybe fewer platforms, fewer customers to be able to execute our pipeline faster. Maybe in the past, we have a big pipeline with a percentage of conversion that we expect it to be higher on a maybe a more focused, concentrated pipeline. That's the way I tend to think about it.
Ismael Roig: Can I offer a complementary view? I just wanted to offer you a complementary view on Juan's comments with regard to Animal Nutrition, but I think it also applies to the broader portfolio, which is I fully agree with Juan in the sense that the base business in Animal Nutrition is now experiencing the benefits of the cost improvement programs that we put in place, and we've seen that evolution quarter-on-quarter. But to Juan's observations on a going-forward basis, you will see a business that is looking to become more focused on the specialty side of its portfolio. As Juan alluded to at the beginning, part of the revenue calculation for the platform is partly impacted by the fact that there is a soy mill commodity component to some of the products that are produced. Over time, it's a business that will evolve to become more specialty focused, more higher margin focused. I think it bodes well for the growth and margin structure of that business as we look forward into 2025.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Maybe just two quick follow-ups on Nutrition. So I think your income was down slightly and based on your kind of prior comments about there being some price component, were your volumes, I guess, organic volumes, positive in the quarter? That would be the first one. And then the second question is on the full year, you mentioned that the recent M&A is kind of coming in ahead of your kind of deal model expectations. How much operating profit contribution are you baking into the full year guide from M&A? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Steven. So let me tell me that we are very pleased with the 2 M&As. The 2 M&As contributed to revenue in the first quarter and not yet to OP because of start-up costs and all that. But we still expect revenue, even despite the headwinds that I mentioned before relative to commodity prices, moderating in some of our less specialty categories. We expect revenue growth to be in the range of mid-single digit for full year. We expect probably operating profit to be a little bit better than that given that our cost should be down year-over-year. So what was the other question there?
Ismael Roig: Yes. So in terms of overall volume, volume was a complementary question. Overall, we've seen volume hold up well. The exception to that would be, obviously, the Specialty Ingredients business and specifically, the impacts of the Decatur East plant. But all of the other elements of our business have generally performed well volume-wise. So you've seen a bit of a deterioration of the volume on a revenue basis, but you have seen a general improvement except for the SI business when it came to volume.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess I got two questions. Maybe first, as we think about the outlook for the year where you talked about improvement in soy meal demand and inclusion ratios later in the year. Can you maybe help us be a bit more specific? Just that doesn't seem to you as implied by the curves. Most forecasts on poultry supply in different parts of the world don't really project a sizable uptick in production. So could you just help us a little bit on the areas where you're actually seeing that or getting that signal from your feed customers? And then an unrelated question, as I think about some of the cost actions and productivity savings that you've targeted for this year and next. Would love if you could maybe a bit more specificity to the areas where the $500 million are really coming from, both in terms of the category of spend, but also whether they're in the operating segments or in corporate unallocated as we think about the outlook for the next couple of years. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, sure. Adam, listen, I think what you need to realize, so first of all, we are early in the year, of course, and we are making predictions on Q4. So this is a transition period for the industry, if you will. We're going from a couple of years of tight supplies to ample supplies. So we're seeing here a customer base that is very uncovered, if you will, farmer selling that is a little slow. And we're going to go through that transition. On top of that, you have a proteins industry that was in the unprofitable territory, if you will, and still is for certain for, if you will, beef or some parts of pork, but now it seemed to have based and seeing growth trends in poultry. So we see that in different parts of the world, whether it's in Thailand, in Turkey, in other parts of the world. But I think the main issue is that pricing is doing its effect. So you see some trade flows changing. We see some soybean oil being exported out of the U.S., as we see used cooking oil coming into the U.S. We're starting to see maybe Brazil becoming less of an exporter of soybean oil, maybe more competition in mills, but the U.S. is still very competitive in mill. So I think that we will have to see all that shift during the year. What we are seeing is we're looking at our customers, we're looking at our book. And we just think that, again, with 1 billion gallon more of RGD capacity in the U.S. with 500,000 tons more soybean oil coming from the biodiesel mandate in Brazil, that will be a very big determinant of crush margins for the year. With that, I think Ismael will cover the drive for excellence profitability.
Ismael Roig: Yes. Adam, on the drive for excellence, we're actually quite encouraged by the progress. As Juan mentioned during the remarks, we have more than 1,200 initiatives, but they can be grouped into substantial areas or themes of effort and focus, working on plant process optimization, working on business process optimization, also very important on supply chain and demand fulfillment , which is part of the challenges that we've had in Nutrition. So these would be the large buckets that we're working on. And we've seen the platform progress very well. And we have at least about 1/3rd line of sight of the $500 million already for 2024. So we're very encouraged about the ability of this drive for excellence impacting 2024 already in the measures that I've just outlined.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Kallo of Baird. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ben Kallo: Just how do we think about or you think about the dynamic of the blenders tax credit changing over to a producers tax credit and the carbon intensity being a factor for overall soy oil demand in the U.S. next year?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ben, for the question. So as you know, the $1 blenders tax credit will expire at the end of '24 and transition to a production tax credit. And this will be administered by the US Treasury. They issued guidance on, I think, at the end of last year that will allow the use of grid CA modeling in addition to CORSIA. Of course, we favor including grid. We're successful in grid being officially included. We're still delayed in the EPA ruling on that. So I think that we have been doing a lot of advocacy in encouraging government officials to make sure that we remove this uncertainty out of the equation here. I think that a transition without guidance of whether the crop-based biofuels will generate credits will create a very difficult price discovery mechanism in the coming months, as participants are trying to begin locking 2025 volume. So I think that's an important clarification that needs to happen. These are industries that are investing in the U.S., and I think that providing regulatory certainty are very important for those investments to come to fruition on time and as expected.
Ben Kallo: Just a follow-up there. What are you seeing with the renewable diesel refiners, producers in terms of them transitioning to using waste fats or other materials?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, there is a reality in the world that palm oil production is flat and not being able to cope with demand. So we know that the U.S. and renewable green diesel was going to have to be met with a lot of feedstocks, of which soybean oil is an important component. But of course, the industry is trying to gather every kind of feedstock that they can find. And there was inventory of used cooking oil. The U.S. has imported a lot of that, but still is not going to be enough because how much are you going to grow the used cook oil inventory around the world to supply, as I said, an industry is going to have 1 billion gallon more capacity this year. So we still expect that we are adjusting to these temporary imports of used cook oil. But we still expect that soybean oil will recover their percentage of the used from maybe 30% to again, the 40% we used to be.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: I just had a follow-up. So as we look a little bit into a couple of items, can you help us understand the Green Bison contribution now? So for example, the process volume growth that you showed, roughly how much came from that? And also, I believe you had the $10 million non-controlling interest loss. Well, I guess, the JV, among others, are the loss. So how much, I guess, of that was the Green Bison JV, and at which point do you expect it to turn into a profitable JV on a net income basis, so for that NCI line?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Salvator, maybe I give you what I have at the top of my mind. But we were very pleased with the increase in volumes in oilseeds or in crush during the first quarter. It was 9% increase. Part of that was Spiritwood coming online, part of that were our plants improvements in general across the footprint. Part of that was Paraguay and Ukraine also coming to crush. So that all happened at different points in the quarter. So I don't have a full recollection of what happened to what volume at any part of the quarter. The Green Bison joint venture will be a contributor to profit during 2024. So it's ramping up. It's going to get to full capacity very soon. So it will be a meaningful contributor. I don't have top of my head what was the contribution on first quarter, to be honest.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Just wanted to ask really quickly what exactly you're doing for the dry mills as far as sustainability sourcing? And the doubling of your region acreage, is that related to like proactively getting ahead of this EU deforestation regime or more stringent carb requirements? Just wondering what's driving that?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So Heather, in carb solutions, we have a whole decarbonization strategy. Actually, across ADM, we have a decarbonization strategy, driven partly by our Strive 35 goals that we need to decarbonize ourselves, part driven by our customers and the need for either awaiting Scope 3 emissions from the side of our customers, but also by providing some low carbon intensity characteristics of some of our products that has also commanding a premium out there. So what are we doing? We are working on increasing our carbon capture sequestration. We're going to go from 2 wells, 1 well and 1 experimental well, but let's say 2 wells to 7 wells, so we're going to be able to increase significantly our capacity. And let me remind you, we have already captured 4.5 million tons of CO2 in the last 10 years that we've been operating. So that has been successful. For the dry mills specifically, what we're doing is we are building pipelines to bring that to our carbon capture and sequestration units indicator. We have 1 pipeline that has been ongoing, the project, and we are looking for solutions for the other dry mills. So that's what is happening. The second part of the question, Heather, I'm not remembering exactly what...
Heather Jones: I was just wondering about the region.
Juan Luciano: Oh, yes.
Heather Jones: Yes, on the region acreage, just wondering, is that doubling in anticipation of like the EU deforestation regime or more stringent carb standards? Just wondering what's driving that. Or is it all voluntary market-driven growth?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say there is excitement on both sides. There is excitement on the farmer side to adhere to all these practices, but there's also a lot of demand pull from the customer side in terms of we continue to sign contracts for more of these as people need to, again, have an answer to their Scope 3. So we have been setting goals, and we have been beating those goals and increasing those goals. Now we have expanded that to Europe and Latin America, and we continue to see demand for these activities around the world. And to be honest, the team has been doing an excellent job. So I think that this program is perceived as the leading program in the world there.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we currently have no further questions. So I'll hand back to Juan Luciano for any further remarks.
Juan Luciano : Okay. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your interest in ADM, and have a great day.
Ismael Roig: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You can now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-03-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ADM Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Hello, and welcome to ADM's fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Juan Luciano our Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer and Ismael Roig, our Interim Chief Financial Officer. We've prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks on the call today which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the ADM website and through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. I'll now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan, and good morning to all who have joined for today's call. I realize we're holding this call later than we have in the past and we appreciate your patience as we have managed through our internal investigation and worked expeditiously to complete our 10-K filing. Before we start the business update, I want to provide some perspective on the additional release that we issued this morning on the progress we have made in our internal investigation, which is being led by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. ADM has historically disclosed in the footnotes to our financial statements that intersegment sales have been recorded at amounts approximating market. In connection with our internal investigation, we've corrected certain intersegment sales that occurred between our Nutrition reporting segment and our Ag Services & Oilseeds and Carbohydrate Solutions reporting segments that were not recorded at amounts approximating market. The adjustments have no impact on our consolidated balance sheets, statement of earnings, comprehensive income or loss or cash flows. In addition, we determined that the adjustments are not material to our consolidated financial statements taken as a whole for any period. We also confirmed that these adjustments did not change the achievement levels under our incentive plans. Further detail is included in the Form 10-K we filed this morning. Throughout this process, we have continued to operate the business and drive our strategic priorities forward. While our internal investigation is substantially complete, we continue to cooperate with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice, and we hope you understand that we will not be taking questions related to these matters on the call today. We will provide updates on this matter in the future as appropriate. Please turn to Slide 4 where we have captured our fourth quarter and full year financial highlights. Today, ADM reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.36, and adjusted segment operating profit of $1.4 billion. Our full year adjusted earnings per share were $6.98, the second best EPS in our history, and our adjusted segment operating profit was $6.2 billion. Our trailing fourth quarter adjusted ROIC was 12.2%, making another year of ROIC performance above our 10% target. Our full year operating cash flow before working capital was $4.7 billion. Our strong cash flow and disciplined management of our balance sheet continues to allow us to invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. In total, we returned $3.7 billion to our shareholders in the forms of dividends and share repurchases in 2023. In January, with the expectation of continued strong cash flows in 2024, we announced an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend, raising our dividend to $0.50 per share, which marks 92 years of uninterrupted dividends and over 51 consecutive years of annual dividend increases. Today, we also announced that our Board has authorized the additional repurchase of up to $2 billion in shares in 2024 under ADM's existing share repurchase program. Our performance for 2023 shows the overall effectiveness of our strategy, where our broad portfolio of business is combined to deliver resilient results for the year. Despite a more challenging operating environment, we maintained strong earnings and ROIC while delivering key strategic accomplishments across the enterprise. Next slide please. To put our 2023 results into perspective, at the end of 2021, we provided a roadmap to create value and growth returns by getting closer to customers and highlighted where we expected to perform on several important strategic metrics by 2025. As I look at our two-year track record over these 2025 objectives, we have delivered adjusted earnings per share at the top end of our $6 to $7 per share EPs objective. We have also continued to deliver ROIC above our 10% target.
Green Bison: Let's turn to Slide 6, which I summarize our priorities for value creation in 2024. We continue building a stronger company for the future and to support this, we have identified three key priorities for 2024. One, managing the cycle; two, nutrition recovery; and three, enhanced return of cash to shareholders. Let's take a closer look at each of these areas of focus. We know that 2024 will be a more challenging year that we faced in 2022 and 2023. We see tailwinds that supported a portion of our performance over the past few years changing direction, making our continued progress on our strategic metrics more reliant than ever on our productivity and innovation agenda. In 2024, we will continue to focus on those strategic initiatives that provide strong growth prospects. Our destination marketing efforts continue to bring us closer to our customers and enable us to serve them in a differentiated capacity and we continue to expand. In 2023, we added three new offices across Asia and the Middle East, and in 2024 we plan to add two to four more. Through this ongoing expansion, we expect to achieve 6% growth in our destination market in volumes. Direct farmer buying has been steadily increasing over the past several years and provides ADM an opportunity to maximize value for both sides by creating efficiencies through working directly together. We plan to take this even further in 2024, leveraging our network of more than 200,000 farmer relationships to grow direct origination volumes year-over-year by about 10%. And as our customers strive to decarbonize their own products and services, we are seeing a steady increase in the financial returns generated by our own decarbonization efforts from Regen Ag partnerships to lowering the carbon footprint of our operations. The pace of this is accelerating as we move into 2024. Tied to these strategic initiatives, we continue to build capacity to serve growing customer demand. I mentioned earlier the opening of our Green Bison soy processing facility as well as the expansion of our Marshall, Minnesota starch facility. These capacity additions support growing demand for a wide variety of sustainable products and solutions, from renewable fuels to industrial products. And connected to our productivity efforts, we have formally launched a 2024 program we call the Drive for Execution Excellence within the organization. Over the years, we have consistently encouraged our ADM colleagues to identify and execute both cost saving and cash generation ideas. We've developed processes and systems through our prior transformation programs and now those are ramping up for another cycle. As part of this, we have already commissioned more than 300 projects and plan to see $500 million in traceable cost savings over the next two years across all aspects of our enterprise, from operations to supply chain to corporate costs. Now let's discuss our plans within the Nutrition business. We're calling this section, of course, nutrition recovery for a reason. Nutrition had a very difficult year with results well below our expectations, and we have been working aggressively to change this and return to growth. For Nutrition, 2023 representing a combination of challenging market forces, some specific non-recurring events and some misses on demand fulfillment. And while market forces such as customer destocking as well as softer demand for plant-based proteins are not within our control, we're already taking action on the areas we can improve. Many of the supply issues are the result of the complexity built into the Nutrition business over time. In our zeal to meet our customers' needs, we have created one of the strongest pantries in the industry. This added complexity in our operations and supply chain that at times impacted our ability to efficiently fulfill demand. To address this, we have made important changes to drive simplification across the Nutrition business that will ease the pressure on our overall supply chain and dramatically improve our demand fulfillment performance. First, we have created a stronger division of duty across operations leadership and added new leaders with a strong expertise in supply chain management. We have also taken steps to build our COE expertise back into the core business, helping make our overall supply chain capabilities more agile and responsive to commercial demand signals. We have also engaged third party experts to help identify further opportunities for operational excellence improvements across our largest facilities. We have also greatly simplified the product and production line landscape to further achieve operational and supply efficiency, reducing the brands we are presenting to customers by two thirds and downsizing about 17% of our SKUs alongside the strategic production line simplification. A recent example of this is the closure of more than 20 Animal Nutrition production lines in 2023, now better serving the product mix and supply chain efficiency of the business. We're also optimizing our Nutrition business portfolio, leveraging our experience in both large scale and bolt-on acquisitions. We have enhanced our approach to M&A integration to increase value creation as we focus more on the integration of recent acquisitions than new targets. We continue to assess our portfolio for a strategic fit, making surgical decisions to achieve the returns targets we expect. For example, during Q4, we took action on two JVs that were not expected to meet our returns criteria. We're proud to see how the team with new leadership has rallied around this recovery plan, which is already showing signs of improvement as we move through the first quarter of the year. Recent trends suggest that destocking impacts in beverages are subsiding and we are well positioned to capture recovering demand in 2024 as evidenced by the strong demand we are seeing in flavors. After heightening our operational efficiency, we've seen steady increases in shipping volumes and productions throughout the course of the last month. And in Animal Nutrition, we have seen another quarter of sequential improvement in the base of the business, which excludes amino acids and pet solutions and early indications in the first quarter of 2024 suggest that this will continue. Importantly, our nutrition value proposition continues to be well received by customers as evidenced by our robust opportunity pipeline and industry leading win rates across key categories like flavors, dietary supplements and pep. ADM's customer centricity and agile innovation capabilities, supported through our creation, design and development expertise, differentiates us. We continue to believe that Nutrition has an important role in ADM's integrated business model. Beyond adding value to the ingredients produced by our AS&O and carbohydrate solution businesses, Nutrition is innovating to address evolving consumer needs and is connecting us more closely with a growing customer base. Finally, I'll turn attention to the capital allocation strategy that continues to guide our strategic cash deployment decisions. As noted, we announced today that the Board has authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $2 billion in shares through the remainder of the year, including $1 billion in shares to be executed through an accelerated share repurchase program as soon as practical. This will total $6.4 billion in repurchases executed since 2022 and coupled with the already announced 11% dividend growth, this is aligned with our commitment to a balanced capital allocation approach. So, combined, we believe these three areas of focus set ADM to perform well in a challenging external operating environment in 2024. I would now like to turn the call over to Ismael for more detail on the results of the operations. Ishmael?
Ismael Roig: Thank you, Juan. Let's start on Slide 7 which provides overall segment operating income and EPS for 2023. Overall, we delivered the second highest earnings in company history, overcoming a challenging operating environment. Adjusted segment operating profit was $6.2 billion for the full year, a 6% decrease versus the prior year. At a high level, operating profit was primarily down year-over-year in Ag Services & Oilseeds and Nutrition. In the other segment, which includes ADMIS and Captive Insurance, we had a significant increase in operating profit. Adjusted earnings per share were $6.98 for the year. Improved pricing in Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition, as well as positive impacts from mark to market timing in AS&O more than offset the impact of lower crush margins, leading to a $0.70 per share improvement versus the prior year. Volume improvement in AS&O was more than offset by volume declines in Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition, resulting in a $0.29 per share reduction in EPS versus the prior year. Higher manufacturing costs partially related to unplanned downtime at the Decatur complex led to a $0.41 per share decrease versus the prior year. And lower equity earnings primarily related to Wilmar attributed a $0.46 per share decrease versus the prior year. Increased corporate costs related to higher interest rates and the 1ADM implementation partially offset by higher ADMIS results drove a $0.30 per share versus the prior year. For other, benefits from share repurchases were more than offset by negative impacts related to a higher adjusted income tax rate and cycling one-time benefits from the Legal Recovery and Biofuel Producer Recovery program, leading to a $0.18 per share decrease versus the prior year. Moving to Slide 8, let's look at our segment performance for AS&O. For the full year, AS&O delivered $4.1 billion in segment operating profit, 8% lower than the record level in 2022. Ag Services segment operating profit was 15% lower versus the prior year as reduced origination volume and margins in North America were partially offset by record South American origination volumes. In global trade, destabilization of trade flows led to lower results compared to an exceptional 2022. Crushing segment operating profit for the full year was $346 million lower versus the prior year as improved process volumes were more than offset by lower crush margins and higher manufacturing costs. Refined Products and Other results were $469 million higher, resulting in a record year. Results were driven by higher volumes and margins in biodiesel. Market volatility drove positive timing impacts of approximately $235 million, compared to negative timing impacts of $90 million in the prior year. Equity earnings for Wilmar were $303 million in 2023, approximately 45% lower than the prior year. Now let's move to Slide 9 and look at Carbohydrate Solutions. For the full year Carbohydrate Solutions segment operating profit was $1.4 billion 3% lower versus the record prior year. In the Starches and Sweeteners segment higher pricing and mix were offset by weaker volumes and lower corn co-product values. The teams executed well in a dynamic environment, posting a record year in Wheat Milling. In Vantage Corn Processing strong exports and steady domestic demand and blending rates supported ethanol production and robust margins. The prior year also included onetime benefits of $50 million related to the USDA Biofuel Producer Recovery program. We also continue to make significant progress on our BioSolutions strategic initiative, delivering revenue growth well ahead of our 15% plus target. Please now turn to Slide 10. In Nutrition, revenues of $7.2 billion for the full year were 6% lower versus the prior year. Demand headwinds and destocking impacts, coupled with operational challenges related to the ERP systems integration pressured volumes. This more than offset price and mixed benefits as well as positive currency impacts. In Human Nutrition volumes declined due to lower market demand for plant-based proteins, destocking impacts in beverages, and operational challenges related to the ERP system implantation. This was partially offset by improved price and mix in flavors and texture and pricing in specialty ingredients. In Animal Nutrition, lower complete feed and premix volumes, the normalization of amino acid markets and demand fulfillment challenges in Pet Solutions led to lower revenue versus 2022. Now please turn to Slide 11. For the full year Nutrition segment operating profit was $427 million, 36% lower versus the prior year. Human Nutrition results of $417 million were 25% lower than the prior year as weaker volumes as well as increased costs related to operational challenges from the ERP implementation and unplanned Decatur downtime at Decatur East were partially offset by higher pricing. Animal nutrition results of $10 million were 91% lower compared to the prior year, primarily driven by lower volumes and the normalization of amino acid pricing. When bridging from 2022, our performance can be characterized in three buckets, market forces, one-time items, and operational challenges. Market forces accounted for a majority of the deterioration in 2023 and as previously mentioned, this was mostly related to lower demand and plant-based proteins, destocking impacts in beverages and lower premix and completely demand which impacted volumes across the industry.
SAVAN: Lastly, we also had our own operation struggles that impacted our ability to deliver on the strong demand that we have created. The implementation of ERP systems over the course of the year led to complications in shipping and producing products, negatively impacting both volumes and manufacturing costs. Over the past month, we have seen a steady improvement in operations and are confident that we will see volumes lost in 2023 come back in 2024. Now please turn to Slide 12. For the full year Other segment operating profit was $375 million, up 125% compared to the prior year. ADM Investor Services results improved on higher net interest income. Higher Captive Insurance results on new program premiums were partially offset by higher claim losses. In corporate for the full year, net interest expense increased year-over-year on higher short-term interest rates. Unallocated corporate cost increased versus the prior year on higher global technology spend to support digital transformation efforts. Other corporate was unfavorable compared to the prior year due to one-time investment valuation losses of approximately $57 million. Please turn to Slide 13. Over the last two years the company has generated significant cash flow that have bolstered our balance sheet and provided us with financial flexibility to drive long-term growth. In 2023 we again had strong cash flow of $4.7 billion which were actualized in line with our balanced capital allocation framework. 30% or approximately $1.5 billion of cash flows were reinvested in the business to support growth and modernize our assets, including investments in new capacity and the digitization of our existing asset footprint. Our cash flows also supported significant capital return in 2023 with nearly 30% earnings going to dividends and nearly 60% of cash flows or about $2.7 billion going to shareholders via share repurchases. In 2024 we expect to hold capital expenditures to a level aligned with depreciation and amortization with focus spend around the safety and reliability of assets. We also intend to manage working capital needs prudently limiting M&A beyond previously announced transactions and focusing our team on cost savings and cash generation initiatives through the drive for Execution Excellence. As Juan mentioned earlier, our priorities for cash deployment in 2024 will remain focused around the shareholder. We finished the year with strong momentum in terms of returning cash, repurchasing nearly 1.6 billion of shares in Q4 and nearly 330 million of shares so far in Q1. Over the course of the year, we intend to actualize 2 billion of additional share repurchases, with 1 billion being executed through an accelerated share repurchase program as soon as practical. Now, let's transition to a discussion of guidance for 2024 on Slide 14 please. In 2024, global grain and oil seed supply is expected to increase as anticipated improvements in weather should support larger production levels in key South American countries. Assuming commodity prices ease for recent highs and trade flows adjust to the dislocations created over the past two years, we anticipate global soybean crush margins will moderate in 2024, likely moving into a range of $35 per metric ton to $60 per metric ton. From the demand side, we continue to expect vegetable oil demand growth from renewable diesel and low single digit soybean mill demand growth to support structural margin improvement. We expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.25 per share to $6.25 per share, representing an 18% decline from prior year at the midpoint. Now breaking down our expectations by segment for 2024, let's turn to Slide 15. In AS&O, we anticipate the first quarter to be lower and the full year to also be lower versus comparable prior periods as increased global commodity supply and normalization of margins will weigh on the segment. We anticipate global soy crush margins within the range of $35 per metric ton to $60 per metric ton as the market balances better soybean availability against increased crush and renewable diesel capacity. Our Operational Excellence efforts and the ramp up of our Green Bison facility should lead to mid-to-high single digit improvement in our process volumes. We expect significantly lower biodiesel margins in 2023, timing gains to reverse as contracts are executed. In Carbohydrate Solutions, we anticipate the first quarter to be lower versus the prior year. For the full year, we anticipate another strong year, but slightly lower than 2023 as the improved volumes and margins in Sweeteners and Starches could be offset by weaker ethanol. For nutrition, the first quarter is expected to be lower versus the prior year as we face headwinds from a normalizing texturants market, fixed costs associated with operational challenges related to the Decatur East and protein volumes. However, for the full year we expect Nutrition to begin its path to recovery. We anticipate conversion of our significant pipeline opportunities in Human and Animal Nutrition to yield mid-single-digit revenue growth. We assume market normalization in texturants to be a headwind in 2024. We do not anticipate the significant one-time events of 2023 to recur. Back to you, Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ismael. Please turn to Slide 16. In summary, let me once again share the three priorities for our year ahead. We will continue our efforts across the business to drive our productivity and innovation portfolio of projects, taking advantage of capacity gains we have made and ensure that our teams are generating and executing on our drive for Execution Excellence. We continue to take aggressive actions in the nutrition business to ensure that it can deliver on the areas of growth that we have continued to build into our opportunity pipeline. This includes supporting the operational changes we have introduced, driving simplifications through our products and brands, and ensuring that our business portfolio is tuned to best achieve our return expectations. And we're also actively managing our balanced capital allocation strategy, both prudently investing in the business while growing our dividends and accelerating our share repurchase program to return more to shareholders in the near-term. I believe strongly in the powerful role ADM plays as a leader in the agriculture supply chain, and that our ability to bring partners together across the value chain will be critical to driving future transformation in the food, feed, fuel and industrial markets we serve. I want to express my gratitude to the ADM team for their dedication, hard work and resourcefulness. I'm confident in our ability to deliver solid results as we move into 2024 and continue to pave a path for long-term profit growth. Operator, please open the line for questions now.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Adam, the line is yours.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Adam. How are you?
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. Good. So I guess my question is really around framing the go-forward outlook in terms of the cyclical versus the pieces that ADM controls. And you had the targets from the 2021 Investor Day still on the slides of returns and earnings per share. The outperformance the last couple of years has been largely cyclically driven in AS&O, whereas some of the investments and the items under your own control, particularly Nutrition, have not performed up to expectations. As we think about 2024 that's at least the cyclical parts are reversing, at least in part. Can you Juan put a little bit more finer point on how you think about 2024 versus normalized earnings for the business and maybe quantify the path forward in Nutrition beyond this year as you work to earn a return on the substantial investments you've actually made in that business?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Adam. So let's take each of the businesses in the portfolio. So when we think about Ag Services and Oilseeds, as you said, we had a spectacular performance over the last couple of years, taking full advantage of the opportunities in the market. But we forecasted in 2021 that margins were going to moderate, although they were going to stay higher than historical averages and we are seeing that. We see the moderation and we see even crush margins, 35 to 60, that we are forecasting are higher than average. We have not stayed quiet waiting for the cycle to reverse. We have been adjusting our business model. You heard me saying about destination marketing, something we didn't have a few years ago, and we continue to grow that. That gives us extra margins and now we are forecasting that we continue to expand and we're going to grow those volumes 6% this year and that programs continue as we expand into new geographies in the Middle East and Southeast Asia. When you think also about the Regen program, Regen AG program that we have with our customers, we are helping our CPG customers with their Scope 3 emissions and we are working together with the farmers and that program is the leading program in the industry and continues to grow. We are also doing everything in the value chain. We're looking at farmer direct. That's an ability for us to get efficiencies between us and the producer, the way we buy grain. So of course, we get an advantage with that as the producer as well. And we're planning to increase our volumes 10%, leveraging on the 200,000 farmer relationships we have around the world. Of course, we have expanded capacity. We are expanding crush in Latin America. We are expanding crush in North America with Spiritwood. So I would say when you take that, plus our operational improvements, if you will, what we call the push for excellence, that was going to be the productivity and innovation agenda that were going to help us navigate through this. We see 2024 still as a strong year for Ag Services and Oilseeds, it's going to be lower, but it's still going to be a strong year. Of course, the market has priced a lot of the extra capacity and the higher argentine crop into the crush margins. But we still see the ability of the market to absorb all that capacity with a strong mill growth and with a strong demand for oils. So that on the Ag Services and Oilseeds side. On the Carb Solutions side, this business has been very stable over the last few years. It has had a very good 2022 and 2023. We are expecting a very good 2024, maybe slightly lower, but still very, very good. We had a good program for good contract renewals in 2024. We are happy with the margins. We have maintained margins for the most part, and we have gained some volumes, so volumes are strong. The milling business has been going, had a record year last year, and it continues to drive very strong. I think both businesses have a little bit of a lower contribution from feed products, where margins have decreased a little bit, but BioSolutions, as Ismael mentioned, continues to grow, is growing beyond 15% per year. And all their decarbonization things that we're saying, we see more and more demand for everything that carb solutions can bring to the table in that area. So we feel very good about that. Always the question mark in the year maybe is ethanol, but we're seeing right now, Adam, ethanol, the arbitrage to export from the U.S. is open to everywhere in the world. So it's just a matter of adjusting our capacity and the U.S. capacity to get more dehydrated ethanol, if you will, to be able to export, to adjust the humidity content, if you will. So, I think we'd export well north of maybe 1.5, 1.6 billion gallons for this year. That should bode well for recovery of margins as we go into the year. And then you take nutrition. Nutrition has been a growth story for many years, and we certainly stumbled in 2023. I mentioned some of the reasons. Some of the reasons were, there was a big destocking after all the COVID and all the supply chain issues that the industry have, the industry stopped. And now we went through lower inflation and this talking about that. So we had to go that in beverages, which drives flavors, which is our biggest engine for growth, if you will. Of course, we knew into the year that plant-based proteins, we have moderated our expectations for growth on that will still grow, but it's not going to be beyond 10%. So it's still going to be an attractive mid-single-digit growth, if you will. But we knew that, and then we had continued growth in continued good demand in pet and health and wellness and Animal Nutrition has been improving their P&L, doing a lot of self-help from the June P&L. It's been improving all the year. So unfortunately we get to the Q4 and we had several events in Q4. We have several one offs. We needed to take action on a couple of joint ventures and we addressed that. We needed to take a revaluation of an investment because of the end evaluation and we took that in the Q4. And then we have some issues on our own performance that we needed to implement 1ADM as much as we prepared for that. We had some problems with some of the modules. It was a successful implementation, but some of the modules that were about shipping products gave us trouble during the last quarter of the year. So when you have all that combination, it gave us a very bad quarter. We continue to see 2024 a year of growth or recovery, if you will, from the 2023 value. And from there, we should continue to march on our commitment to nutrition. Our ability to fulfill or to deliver a value proposition that resonates with customers continue to be evidenced by our growing pipeline, both in Animal and Human Nutrition, and our conversion rate we have benchmarked this is industry leading conversion rate. So we know we are winning. We need to adjust our own internal processes to make sure we deliver that. And we have done that heavily in the last -- second half of last year, and we have seen that during January and February that we are delivering much better than we did last year. So with that, I still look confident at the numbers, at the overall number for the company that we gave you for 2025. As I said on the onset, we are ahead on what we scheduled. From an EPS perspective, we are above 10% in ROIC and we have purchased already more than the $5 billion of share that we have estimated for 2025. So it's never going to be a straight line from here to 2025. But we have a resilient portfolio that can help us see that those numbers for the overall portfolio are still possible, as it was in December 2021. Sorry for the long answer. It's a large company.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of Citi. Tom, please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to dig in a bit more on crush margins and your $35 to $60 global soybean crush outlook. Maybe just to frame it, where were global crush margins last year? Where are crush margins currently? When we consider different regions of the world, and then as we think about the items that could drive to the upper or lower end of this year's range, what are kind of the key items you're looking at? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Tom. So, as we said before, Ismael mentioning his remarks, we expect crush margins between $35 to $60 for this year, they were about $70 per ton, maybe last year. I think it's fair to say that the market has completely priced or baked all the bad news into the crush margins are we having today? So, I would say board crush has moved significantly lower in the last month as the market probably gained more confidence in the availability of products, especially soybean meal, particularly when you think about Argentina now having sites on a crop that may be 50 million tons. And the U.S. crush industry also has performed very well. And the market continued to look forward to the second quarter of the year when they're going to have basically three offers for meal. That hasn't happened last year. So if you remember, last year, after Brazil finished in exporting, the U.S. became the only global, only gaming town, if you will. And that increased soybean meal values around the world, which makes soybean meal expensive, if you will for the Russian. We see that in the U.S., we saw, at least for ADM, we saw five consecutive months of record exports for soybean meal in the U.S. And the U.S. industry saw similar situation. So now with the correction in this, we expect that soybean meal will gain back into the Russians. Of course, feeding with meat pros and not soybean milk is not the optimal way to feed. So now that soybean milk has corrected, we expect that to happen. At the end of the day, Tom, the way I think about where crush is going to happen in the world is going to happen in both places where you have bean availability and where you have a domestic oil market. If you think of Brazil, Brazil is having B14 started in March. And that has helped with the margins of domestic oil for us in Brazil. And of course, you have a big crop, so you're going to have the bean availability and the domestic market. And then it will be the U.S. in which you have all the need of soybean oil to go into renewable green diesel and biodiesel and we have, of course, the bin availability. So we think that crush will favor those two places.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik of BMO. Andrew, please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess ultimately, my question is about 2025 and whether you view 2024 as kind of the trough here from an earnings perspective in terms of the cycle. And if I just follow up on maybe you made some comments at the end of the response to Adam about 2025. I didn't know if that was specific to the metrics around nutrition or the prior earnings guidance that you had talked about. If you could just kind of clarify the way that you're thinking about that is this 2024 an earnings number from, which you would expect to grow, and then the 2025 comments with that. Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Andrew, first of all, my comment before to Tom's question was the overall number that we gave for the company for 2025 in 2021. We still believe that number is there. I think that that number was never going to be a destination for ADM, was a milestone, if you will. And as we are reviewing our five-year plan that we do every year we see us breaking through that number. So in that sense, I expect 2024 to be a down year versus 2023 hopefully 2025 will be a positive year versus 2024. There is a cycle here that needs to happen, Andrew, that I described below, soybean mill will get cheaper. All the oil activities related to B-14 or RGD needs to grow. All that needs to happen and how long that adjustment takes, how long it takes for meal to be low enough to increase demand and for flat prices to be low enough to maybe make the farmer correct a little bit. They are planting all that process we know historically happens, when exactly it's going to happen. Does it happen in a calendar year? Doesn't happen in six months. Does it happen in a year is hard to say. But we continue to build a company that has more optionality, that's more resilience for the future. So as the cycle moderates, we continue to have more ability to bring more to the P&L. So we think with that, I'm optimistic about 2025 being better than 2024.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens. Ben, the line is yours.
Ben Bienvenu: Good morning.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: Juan, I want to ask, as we think about the morning, I want to ask as we think about 2024 for the nutrition segment, you note that you expect mid-single digit revenue growth, operating profit to be higher over year. I think the natural inference would be that the operating profit growth is up by less than 5% or mid-single digit revenue growth. Is that true? And then as you referenced in kind of the cadence and your expectations for the first quarter, this is a trajectory of recovery that will build throughout the year in 2024. You talk about pipeline conversion. Are there residual headwinds, discontinuities from the Decatur complex still in the first quarter? Help us think through the sequencing of the development of return to growth and nutrition.
Juan Luciano: Yes, good question, Ben. Let me give you the puts and takes, if you will, on nutrition as we look at 2024. So as Ismael said in his remarks, about half of the headwinds that we faced last year were market. That means that half of them were in the other two buckets, the non-recurring events, if you will, and those by nature we hope that we're not going to have going forward. And I think Ismael qualified them about $60 million something give or take. And then the other ones were like some of the demand fulfillment issues that I explained how we have worked aggressively to correct. And we have seen good indication of that over the first two months of this year. So I would say those are the positive that we don't expect all that to happen again in 2024. You put on top of that a single digit revenue growth, mid-single digit revenue growth because of the pipeline that we have and the conversion of that pipeline. And that tends to happen every year. Then, as you described, we have to have to face a correction of texturizing prices that were exceptionally high last year. We're not going to have that. So that will be part of the negative side, if you will. And certainly, as we go through the year, we still need to bring Decatur East plant back into operations, and that will have a tail of a cost. So I would say the year will be driven by a strong recovery in Animal Nutrition, in flavors, and hopefully pet with some tailwinds in the specialty ingredients. That's how we see.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Ben, please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yes. Good morning and thank you very much for taking my question. Juan, Ismael wanted to follow-up on carbohydrate solutions because that obviously, as you've highlighted, has been a very solid performer last year. Even the outlook looks very promising still in comparison to maybe some of the other segments for 2024. And I wanted to understand where you are within your different asset bases, be it on the ethanol side, but also particularly Starches and Sweeteners for the need to invest into the business. Where are you in terms of capacity and what do you need to potentially allocate money to in order to keep that business up where it is, or potentially further grow it as it has gained significance within the consolidated ADM results? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ben, I'm glad you're highlighting carb solution. They had a spectacular year. They deserve recognition and they've done a fantastic job of transforming their business into a very resilient and stable business. The assets let me take it by pieces. The milling business. Milling is an old business that has some old assets. And over the last few years, we have been doing -- the team has been doing a terrific job of shutting down some assets and consolidating those in new facilities like Mendota that we launched last year. That is the best and the newest wheat milling plant in the world. So we are happy with the way they have done that. They continue to do so. So that business is in good shape. When we look at the wet mills, we continue to invest in part of the wet mills. Unlikely that we're going to build a new wet mill, as you can understand, but that business continue to be reinvested in. It's a business that is a large business has a large asset footprint. And at the moment there is a lot of capital being associated with the path to decarbonize all these assets. So as you heard, we have a lot of efforts in trying to get pipelines to try to monetize some of our CO2 that come from the biogenic CO2 that come from the ethanol plants. So and I would say we have expanded Marshall because BioSolutions is growing at north of 15% per year. So we needed capacity. So the Marshall expansion is about 50% expansion to the final starch capacity that we have there. And that will help a lot with that. I would say the year is exciting as it is developing. It has solid margins. It has so far solid volumes. It had a little bit of a rough January because of the bad weather. We have ice in the plants and freezing weather. But February, March, things look good. And we think that that business has the opportunity to get some tailwinds from lower energy cost and maybe chemicals cost as the year go by. And that's a big energy hog, that business. So that could be an advantage and a tailwind coming later in the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Gupta of UBS. Manav, please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Thank you. I just had a quick question. When we look at the carb, recent proposals and then we look at the 45g, it looks both at the federal level and at certain state levels there is a desire to lower the amount of renewable diesel being produced from vegetable oil. And I'm just trying to understand, do you see that as some kind of a headwind whereby eventually the demand for soybean oil from the renewable diesel or biodiesel industry could actually decline versus what we are seeing or you think this is just passing and the demand eventually will rise again as we move along?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Manav, for the question. Listen, I think the path is clear for RGD, that RGD will need vegetable oils. When you think about how Europe is doing, Europe not having a raw crop for that, Europe needs cooking oil, waste oils, and they will capture that. The U.S. will have to be fed with soybean oil, canola oil. And we see that commitment to be firm over the years. All these capacities being built, it cannot be filled with anything else. So we feel that is a strong trend ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano of Bank of America. Salvator, please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Yes, thank you very much. I just want to go back to the 2025 target of $6, $7 in EPS. I mean, that is obviously double digit EPS growth and I understand buybacks play a role into that. But given the comments about controllables versus cyclicals, it seems really tough to imagine getting back there. Can you provide a little bit some of the key components and key buckets that you think will get you there in terms of its segment and specific numbers as detailed as possible?
Ismael Roig: Yes, Salvator listen, a little bit of what I explained early on Adam's question. I think that we will see how the cycle plays in ASNO. As I said, I think that lower prices have this ability to incentivate demand. At this point in time If you think about soybean meal demand, we are forecasting a very strong soybean meal demand, maybe higher than USDA levels, higher than GDP. When you think about Southeast Asian economies recovering and with inflation moderating, purchasing power is improving, tourism is improving in all those areas, you have at the moment very high prices of beef that's favoring pork and chicken. You have protein margins for chicken being better at that. So we think that soybean meal will gain in the Russian. So when we look at all that, we see the soy oil demand very strong in domestic consumption, but also for biofuels, and then we see the meal demand very strong. We think that this correction should be probably short term for crash and that should come back again. I cannot make a prediction on the timing of that, but we know how the cycle plays. So whether it's calendar year this or six months later or a quarter earlier, it's not for me to venture into those guesses. I think that carb solutions between the exceptional job they are doing on managing their mature businesses and the growth that they are getting through decarbonization and BioSolutions, you will see that ahead of us. Again, we just bring in the Marshall expansion. That's not something that it was in our forecast last year. So we're going to have it more in the next three quarters, if you will, of the year, Spiritwood again, and some of the crash capacity we brought in Brazil, and then you see nutrition. That nutrition was not a contributor, certainly a big contributor to growth in 2023, but we expect it to be back to growth in 2024 and 2025. So those are kind of the buckets, if you will, that I see at the moment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Steven, the line is yours.
Steven Haynes: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to come back to nutrition, I think in your prepared remarks you talked about some portfolio refreshment going on there and was wondering if you could maybe size, the scope of that. Are you thinking more kind of product line oriented here, or is this kind of more at the business level where you might be looking to monetize something? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Steven, listen, let me give you my thinking on that and the way we approach these things. So we always look, every time we do our five year plan, we take a look at those units that whether they are not returning, given our return expectations to date, we're not forecasting it to do it in the medium term. And those are the ones that we tend to take action. So we took action with a couple of joint ventures, as I mentioned, and then we look at every unit that is underperforming. What we do first is we try to bring them to performance. So we make sure that if there are some things that are self-inflicted, if you will, we correct those things. Once we correct those things, and then we have visibility to what could happen over the next two or three years, then we decide as a part of portfolio whether they belong in nutrition or they belong in another part of ADM, or they belong outside ADM. So that's a regular process. We done, we done it in the past with fertilizers, Latin America, we've done it in the past. We divested Bolivia. We divested cocoa and chocolate. So we've done this, and now we've done it with a couple of joint ventures. We've done it also. Ismael has done it in his previous job as an Animal Nutrition leader with some of the lines in Animal Nutrition that we cut, like 20 lines around the world. So sometimes we have exited countries. So it's a regular process that at times, maybe when you have a stumble like we had in nutrition, you look a little bit deeper, because now, all of a sudden, you have more businesses at lower performance. So we really want to see, is it worth investing in some of those? So we're in that process. So, nothing to announce today, but we continue to look at that very deeply.
Ismael Roig: Just a couple of complimentary comments, because not only have we had some experience historically, as Juan correctly mentions, with [indiscernible] and fertilizer, but certainly the Animal Nutrition was a good precursor to some of the thinking that we have now in mind for the whole of our nutrition business. In the sense that usually when you acquire these businesses, they come with footprint allocations, labs, farms, in our cases, and warehouses, that when you aggregate them, start aggregate them across a number of different acquisitions, you realize that there are overlaps. And what we noticed is that there was a significant opportunity in Animal Nutrition to significantly simplify the portfolio by reducing the number of labs, reducing the number of SKUs of plants. And we've seen those benefits. They've been occurring since the second half of 2023. And I think that some of that thinking, as we have built this organization via a multiplicity of acquisitions, lends itself now to a pause and reflection, in light of the successes that we've had with this, to apply it more broadly to all of the portfolio. So that's where our capital prudence is going to come in, by focusing on ensuring that we improve our asset base while returning cash to our shareholders.
Steven Haynes: Thank you, Ismael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dushyant Ailani of Jefferies. Dushyant, please go ahead.
Dushyant Ailani: Thank you for squeezing me in. I just wanted to quickly talk about biodiesel margins going forward. Your thoughts just around the system, both in the U.S. and internationally, just how do we frame our thoughts around that and capacity as well?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Dushyant. Well, all useful biofuel production is, as I said, is expected to grow in Brazil. We're going to go to B14, so there are many countries that are increasing their mandates, whether it's Indonesia and all that. When you look at the overall balances around the world, you see plantations in Southeast Asia getting older, the trees getting older, so maybe less production of palm oil. So you're going to see biodiesel mandates increasing around the world and less competitive pressure, if you will, for palm oil. So you're going to see the pressure on vegetable oil. So we think that that will continue to be a strong leg of the crash, biodiesel in particular. Biodiesel margins are better right now for us in Europe. They have moderated significantly in the U.S., and we expect them to be good, but not as good as they used to be in the U.S. So that will be a little bit of a headwind for us in 2024. But margins are better in Brazil and in Europe. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. With that, we have no further questions, so I'll hand back to the management team for any closing remarks.
Megan Britt: Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow up with me, if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ADM Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Thank you, Alex. Hello, and welcome to the third quarter earnings webcast for ADM. Starting tomorrow, a replay of this webcast will be available on our Investor Relations website. Please turn to Slide 2. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano will discuss our third quarter results and share some recent accomplishments on our strategic priorities. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar will review segment level performance and provide an update on our cash generation and capital allocation actions. Juan will have some closing remarks, and then, he and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I'll now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan and good morning to all who have joined for today's call. Today, ADM reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.63 with an adjusted segment operating profit of $1.5 billion. Year-to-date, this equates to an adjusted earnings per share of $5.62, that will represent ADM's second best EPS year achieved in just the first nine months and an adjusted operating profit of $4.8 billion. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC was 13.2%. This result reflect yet another strong quarter for ADM. I'm proud of the team's nimble execution against our strategic plan while adjusting our business model in light of both global macro trends and the evolving needs of our customers. The global market is increasingly dynamic with factors that create both opportunities and challenges for ADM to address. Consumer behavior has shown growing variability, spending more in some categories, while slow in spending in others. And our team has a proven ability to manage through these and the impacts of geopolitical tensions, inflationary pressures and the constantly adjusting balances of commodity supply and demand. Within each business, we are focused on navigating these external factors carefully, while we're also building on the momentum we've seen through the year-to-date. As we look ahead, we are on track to exceed our 2023 previous expectations for the total company. In Ag Services & Oilseeds, we saw the accelerated energy transition support strong demand for vegetable oil, leading to a solid crush environment. We leveraged our flexible logistics footprint to manage Brazil's record crop and our Global Trade franchise to best match supply to demand worldwide. In Carb (ph) Solutions, we delivered a record third quarter on the strength of solid margins in starches, sweeteners, and flower, as well as robust ethanol demand that help us drive strong volumes and margins. In Nutrition, Flavors growth continued to outpace the market, while we both grew and executed on our revenue opportunity pipeline. The deliberate productivity and cost management actions we have taken in Animal Nutrition are enabling improved performance as we also see market volume recovery and we continue to navigate pockets of soft demand in certain categories of the Nutrition portfolio. Next slide, please. One of ADM's greatest competitive advantages is the breadth and integration of our business model, reaching from farm to fork. 2023 has offered several examples that of how we are creating new areas of growth in each business units. On the farm, ADM has one of the largest and most sophisticated global origination networks, connecting with hundreds of thousand farmer partners worldwide. We have unique and deep relationships with the people and technologies that are shaping the future of agriculture. So as more of our customers are looking for traceable, sustainable crop sources in their own supply chains, we are a natural connector and influencer. We are proud to have announced partnership with PepsiCo, Nestle and Carlsberg, and have a target of 4 million regenerative acres and goal by 2025. The carbon equivalent of power in more than 100,000 homes a year. Moving into production, as the pace of energy transition accelerates, demand for renewables fuel sources is growing rapidly and ADM is in a leading position to capitalize on this trend. With our Spiritwood JV with Marathon currently being commissioned, we are ready to fit the production of a targeted 75 million gallons of renewable green diesel per year. We have announced the Broadwing Energy Project, delivering lower emission power source and a critical part of lowering our carbon emissions used to power Decatur operations. And we're innovating to deliver a new low-carbon intensity products within the fast growing BioSolutions portfolio. And as we connect to the consumer, we're working closely with our customers to serve the challenges of their consumers, whether it's sustainable solutions, the latest flavor or a cost effective ingredient replacement or explore in the future of nutrition through work with ADM Ventures partners like Air Protein and Nourished. And we have differentiated our offerings with the next-generation of evidence-based health and wellness solution. With the world's largest probiotic manufacturing facility in Valencia, more than 50 clinical trials underway and a growing team of deep scientific experts, we are well positioned for the expanding demand for functional foods and personalized nutrition. And to efficiently execute on all areas of growth while maintaining an efficient cost structure, we continue to vigilantly focus on productivity, as well as the culture that let our ADM colleagues bring their best every day. Across our global organization, we're standardizing processes and systems through One ADM and modernizing our operations through digital transformation, driving greater efficiencies while enabling the best use of our workforce and production capacity. Our planned modernization program continues to deliver impressive operational benefits, including advanced analytics and safety improvements across the 17 operations facilities currently in implementation phase. With more than 70 plants in the scope, the planned recurring cost savings associated with automation across our footprint in 2024 is already nearing $20 million per year. Our cultural efforts are the critical foundation for all of these strategic initiatives. We have ramped up our focus on a culture of caring, specifically in regards to the safety of our colleagues. This is our top priority. And our recent performance in this area has not lived up to our expectations. We are committed to taking action to improve and have already begun to do so with the assistance of both internal and external experts. We will do better. By actively managing productivity, innovation and culture and aligning work to the interconnected trends in food security, health and wellbeing and sustainability, ADM is well positioned for sustainable long-term profit growth across new and adjacent avenues. And with the strong performance in 2023 and a constructive expectation for the remainder of the year, we are again raising our full-year earnings outlook. For a deeper look at our Q3 performance, let me hand over to Vikram, who will cover results of operations.
Vikram Luthar: Thank you, Juan. Please turn to Slide 5. The Ag Services and Oilseeds team once again delivered solid results in an increasingly dynamic environment by leveraging our experience, scale and integrated global footprint. Ag Services results were lower than the strong third quarter of 2022. South American origination results were higher year-over-year as our team delivered significantly higher volumes and margins on strong export demand. Prior investments in port capabilities have enabled us to structurally grow our earnings while capitalizing on a stronger margin environment across the region. North American results were lower year-over-year as a result of the shift of export demand to Brazil, due to the large crop there as well as low water levels in the U.S. river system, limiting volume and barge capacity. Effective risk management, combined with higher volumes and margins in Global trade led to strong results. However, much lower than the record quarter last year. The current quarter also included a $48 million insurance settlement related to damages from Hurricane Ida. In Crushing, we delivered another strong quarter, but lower than the prior year as global crush margins remained healthy, but lower than the very strong levels of a year ago. Our strong results were led by North America, as the crush margin environment remains well supported by structurally higher demand for vegetable oils. We officially opened our new crush facility in Spiritwood, North Dakota to meet growing demand. We are currently in the commissioning process and expected to be running at full rates in early November, adding an additional 1.5 million metric tons of crush capacity per year. In EMEA, we continue to optimize our flex capacity to prioritize crush of higher margin softseed, in line with market opportunities. In the quarter, there were large net positive mark-to-market timing effects which were lower than the net positive impacts in the prior year quarter. Refined Products and other posted another strong quarter, higher than the prior year period, results were led by solid volumes and margins in North America. In EMEA, robust export demand for biodiesel and domestic demand for food oil drove higher results versus the prior year. In the quarter, there were large net positive mark-to-market timing effects, which are expected to reverse as contracts execute in future periods. Equity earnings from Wilmar was significantly lower versus the third quarter of 2022. Looking ahead, for the fourth quarter in Ag Services and Oilseeds, we anticipate strong results that are slightly lower than last year, excluding the $110 million legal settlement in the ag services subsegment from the fourth quarter of 2022. We expect Ag Services results to be in line with the prior year, excluding the legal settlement. We anticipate similar year-over-year North American export volumes, a competitive South American export program and continued strong performance from global trade. We forecast our crushing subsegment will deliver strong results similar to the prior year. We expect robust soy and canola crush margins and with the ramping of our Spiritwood operations higher volumes. We expect RPO to perform well, but be significantly below last year as positive timing impacts from prior quarters are expected to reverse. Slide 6, please. Carbohydrate Solutions delivered an outstanding quarter that was significantly higher than the prior year, enabled by the ongoing optimization of our production and supply chain network. The starches and sweeteners subsegment were higher year-over-year on a healthy demand and strong margin environment across starches, sweeteners, wheat flour and ethanol. Our team generated new customer wins and delivered double-digit growth year-to-date in our BioSolutions platform. As Juan touched on earlier, we also signed a formal agreement with Broadwing Energy to provide lower emissions power to Decatur facility, extending our ability to provide low carbon solutions across the value chain. In the Vantage Corn Processors subsegment, our team executed well in a strong ethanol demand and margin environment, leading to significantly higher year-over-year results. Looking ahead for the fourth quarter, we expect steady demand and margins for our starches, sweeteners and wheat flower products. We remain constructive on ethanol margins driven by solid domestic demand and healthy U.S. exports, supported by lower competing exports from Brazil due to higher sugar prices. We anticipate results to be similar to the prior year period, but with upside potential if the current ethanol margin structure holds. On Slide 7. In Nutrition, strong results in Flavors, health and wellness and recovery in the base Animal Nutrition business were more than offset by continued lower demand for plant-based proteins and persistent demand fulfillment challenges in pet solutions. Flavors reported impressive results in a complex operating environment, delivering a 29% growth in operating profit on a constant currency basis. Results were led by pricing actions in EMEA and strong win rates in North America. During the quarter, we also implemented a successful go-live of our One ADM project in the EMEA region across 18 locations in 12 countries. This represents a significant milestone as we continue to harness digital across the enterprise to drive productivity gains. In Specialty Ingredients, weak market demand, particularly in the alternate meat category, inventory adjustments and unplanned downtime resulting from the recent Decatur incident led to significantly lower year-over-year results. The plant-based protein market has been experiencing destocking and consumer demand softness over the course of the year that will likely persist into next year. Given these recent market dynamics, we have re-scoped our Decatur protein modernization investment project to better match the expected lower growth demand environment. Also, we are leveraging our expertise in creation, design and development to differentiate our product offerings to serve evolving consumer needs. These adjustments will enable a faster pivot to higher growth and more resilient categories such as specialized nutrition, which have synergies across the nutrition portfolio, and we are rapidly building this revenue pipeline. Health & Wellness results were higher year-over-year due to double-digit bioactives sales and a favorable impact related to the revised commercial agreement with Spiber. During the quarter, we realized a significant expansion in our revenue pipeline, reinforcing the demand for evidence-based solutions. In Animal Nutrition, we are beginning to see the cost optimization actions and the expansion of offerings in the specialty feed and ingredient space from earlier this year, driving improved performance. However, the recovery in the base business was more than offset by normalized year-over-year amino acids margins as well as lower profit contribution from the Pet Solutions business. Looking forward, we anticipate flavors to finish the year strong, driven by growth in EMEA and North America. Health & wellness operating profit is expected to finish similar to last year. Animal Nutrition operating profit is expected to continue to recover sequentially quarter-over-quarter. Specialty Ingredients operating profit is expected to be down significantly, impacted by the recent Decatur East incident and demand softness. All in, we now expect full year 2023 operating profit for Nutrition to be around $600 million. While our results in 2023 have been below our expectations, we expect nutrition to return to growth in 2024. We will continue to build on the Flavors momentum from 2023. Health & wellness should maintain its steady performance. The cost actions in the shopper pivot to higher-margin products will enable Animal Nutrition to drive growth, further reinforced by improved go-to-market capabilities. Lastly, for SI, we will work aggressively to restart operational capabilities at Decatur East to minimize the impact in 2024. Slide 8, please. Other business results were significantly higher than the prior year quarter due to improved ADM investor services earnings on higher net interest income. Captive insurance results were slightly lower on higher claim settlements partially offset by premiums from new programs. In corporate results, net interest expense for the quarter increased year-over-year, primarily on higher short-term interest rates. Unallocated corporate costs of $298 million were higher versus the prior year on higher global technology spend to support our digital transformation efforts. Other corporate was favorable versus the prior year, primarily due to foreign currency hedges. We still forecast corporate cost to be approximately $1.5 billion for the year. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2023 was approximately 20% higher than the prior year primarily due to a change in the geographic mix of earnings. For the full year, we still expect our effective tax rate to be between 16% and 19%. Next slide, please. Through the third quarter, we had strong operating cash flows before working capital of $3.8 billion. We continue to invest in the business, allocating $1.1 billion to capital expenditures and have returned $1.9 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We have ample liquidity with over $13 billion of cash and available credit, and our balance sheet is very strong, with an adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio of 0.9. Our fortress balance sheet gives us the financial flexibility to drive our long-term strategic agenda while also returning capital to shareholders and is also a competitive advantage, particularly in a higher for longer interest rate environment. We have completed $1.1 billion of share repurchases through Q3 and expect to increase the pace of repurchases in Q4. Even with the softness in nutrition, and lower-than-expected profit contributions from Wilmar. We are raising our 2023 earnings outlook again and now anticipate full year EPS in excess of $7 per share. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. As we close today's call, let me share a few thoughts about how we're seeing our efforts in 2023 position ADM to continue solid progression into 2024. External factors that influence ADM's forward look are closely aligned to the enduring macro trends we have positioned ourselves to be nimble in managing. We continue to see the interconnectivity across food security, health and well-being and sustainability having an amplifying effect across the industries we serve. More frequent extreme weather, extreme weather, geopolitical events and the recent pandemic have all highlighted the criticality of food security within those geographies and for the regions that are served by their agricultural exports. Connected to this, we see areas of supply abundance growing as evidenced by Brazil's record recent crop cycles and areas of need shifting. In some cases, this has resulted in either more domestic consumption in countries like the U.S. or elevated import demand situations where our unparalleled global asset base and deep experience are critical. Government policies beginning to support new demand patterns, whether based on a move to more renewable energy sources or an effort to increase regenerative agriculture supply. Science continues to accelerate innovation in Nutrition with an ever-present consumer interest in turning their food, beverage and supplement consumption to their personal health and dietary needs. Beyond the challenges and opportunities connected to these external factors, we believe ADM is positioned to leverage productivity and innovation to build momentum in the coming year, a continuation of the strategic efforts we have been driving throughout 2023. We anticipate our Services and Oilseeds continue to leverage its extended value chain and deliver structural changes to demand. We anticipate that crush margins will remain healthy while our productivity measures enable us to have a more efficient cost structure. We continue to drive opportunistic extension of our destination marketing scope, grow our regenerative agriculture acres and partnerships, and expand our renewable fuels feedstock production. In Carb Solutions, the compounding effects of our transformative investments coupled with early contracting for starches and sweeteners and what we believe to be a positive ethanol environment are setting up for another strong year in 2024. For Nutrition, we expect continued growth in our revenue opportunity pipeline with significant conversions continuing as we move past some near-term demand weakness. Our expanding results in flavors continue to signal acceleration across our broader portfolio. We expect the positive revenue growth trends in Health & Wellness to drive into next year, and we're already pivoting Specialty Ingredients towards high potential areas like alternative daily and specialized nutrition. Our actions in Animal Nutrition are delivering a positive impact and sustained opportunity growth, which we believe will expand further through the segment in the coming year. And by applying our commercial excellence efforts to this portfolio, we are focusing on the value of innovation in the specialty parts of the business. In closing, I want to express my gratitude to the ADM team for their dedication, hard work and resourcefulness. With the momentum we have been building upon the foundation for growth we have established, I am confident in our ability to continue to deliver solid results as we move into 2024 and continue to pave a path for long-term profit growth. Thank you. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Andrew Strelzik of BMO Capital Markets. Andrew, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I wanted to ask about the U.S. crush margin outlook. You commented that you expect crush margins to remain healthy. And I guess this is really a question about 2024 where the U.S. broadcast features have come down. What's your perspective on what's going on there? Do you think that the crush capacity that's coming on is having an impact, or how is that being absorbed? I guess, just trying to frame your commentary around momentum with what's going on in crush? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. Listen, our perspective have not changed. If anything, the perspective that we have for the market has been confirmed by what we're saying. Of course, it's a very dynamic environment with the market trying to balance a lot of issues, whether it's more availability of products, more demand, the Argentine situation. We have seen board crush explode back to near the highs recently. And this is just only a reflection of the incredible demand that is coming for soybean meal into the U.S. This drives the board crush has -- it was mill driven maybe before it was oil driven, this was mill driven. You see Argentina situation, they are getting to the end of their inventory. There are probably enough beans at this point for crushers to run until November. So what we see the export book of the U.S. for soybean meal is a record export book from the U.S., something that is higher than over the last 10 years. So I think that, that will continue well into Q1 of 2024. And fundamentally, what has changed, and you have that, if you were island of strong crush margins in the U.S. is this demand for oil. We see crush margins have been a little bit lower for soybean, certainly in Brazil or in Europe, and its because some of the oil prices have declined. But in the U.S. with the new demand for renewable green diesel and the new  all the new capacity coming, we expect that to remain strong for years to come. So we will continue to be very constructive at our crush margins in the U.S.
Andrew Strelzik: Great. Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Ben, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yeah. Good morning. Juan, Vikram, thanks for taking my question. Wanted to follow up on Nutrition and the updated guidance calling that roughly $600 million op income for the year. Help us understand if you can, putting that into context to what just a while ago, we've talked about the path to make this business a $1 billion operating income business. What has gone into the wrong direction and what do you still need to correct to bring this business back on track to make it a $1 billion contributor? Thank you.
Vikram Luthar: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ben. So let's take it by different business lines. So in flavors, as I mentioned, Q3 had a very strong performance. And if you actually look year-to-date, Flavors operating profit is up 16%. And I think that's been a very important growth engine, and typically, the sales cycle in Flavors tends to be shorter than some of our other product portfolios. So just keep that in mind, that momentum is building and we see that momentum through our revenue pipeline, which is increasing month-over-month, we anticipate momentum in Q4 and frankly, continuing into 2024. The other aspect is EBITDA margins of Flavors is also increasing. It's not just revenue growth. The profit is also as a consequence of EBITDA margin expansion. And finally, Flavors contribution year-to-date overall as a part of nutrition profitability is a little over 50%. So important to keep that as a back of your mind as we think about the future. The second part of the Human Nutrition business, Health & Wellness. Health & Wellness have been steady. Actually, the dietary supplements market, which was a little bit of a headwind has -- we see the destocking tend to see the bit, and we are optimistic about the outlook next year. The other thing that Juan mentioned is the evidence-based portfolio of ingredients is expanding and our ability to apply that into functional food and solutions gives us confidence and that business to continue growing into next year and beyond. Specialty Ingredients. Actually, it's a tale of two cities within Specialty Ingredients. There's a texturants (ph) portfolio that has done exceptionally well because of expansion of margins. We don't talk much about that, but because it's a smaller part of the business, but that has performed exceptionally well this year. The challenge has been on the plant-based protein market. And the plant-based protein is driven by market softness, right? There is a softness in the market, and we've gone down as a consequence of what's happening in the market. What we are doing from that perspective is pivoting the portfolio into some of the more resilient categories like specialized nutrition like or to dairy. It doesn't happen overnight. But remember, we -- through our CD&E capabilities, it allows us to pivot our product portfolio into the categories that are growing, and we will do that. We are in the process of doing that. What happened in the interim is the Decatur East incident. What that's created is a challenge in terms of white flake production for specialty proteins in North America. So that's been a drag that we clearly had not foreseen and that drag is going to continue into 2024. So within Human Nutrition, Flavors performing exceptionally well outpacing the market, Health & Wellness study, SI is kind of in line with market, further exacerbated by the recent Decatur East incident. Then step into Animal Nutrition, what happens with amino acids. We were coming off very high margins in 2022. The good news is, we are going to reset in a much more normalized margin levels in 2023. So therefore, '24 onwards, we won't have that lapping impact of higher amino acid margins. But if you exclude amino acid margins, the base Animal Nutrition business, excluding pet solutions, we talked about all the actions of business is undertaking to optimize costs as well as drive focus on Specialty Ingredients, that is being recognized in performance. We are seeing the benefits of that and you'll see sequential quarter-over-quarter growth. So that, we feel very good about this in Q4 as well as going forward. Ag Solutions, demand creation remains solid, that category has been fantastic. We've had challenges in demand fulfillment in North America, and particularly, we talked about that primarily in the recent acquisition that we did in 2021. Those are still lingering, but we have very clear action plans, and we feel confident that by the end of this year and early next year, we will be able to more than offset that. So all in all, combined with that a new innovation, we feel pretty confident that nutrition will return to growth in 2024. And albeit maybe at a slightly lower growth rate than we had anticipated before. But getting to $1 billion is definitely within the horizon. It may not happen in the next year or in year falling, but definitely in the near term or in the medium term.
Ben Theurer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan. Tom, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. The details on the crush moves, I think Andrew's question was helpful. But maybe we could dig a little bit more into what's happening on the oil side. I mean we have seen soybean oil prices come down over the past couple of months. The futures curve does suggest some continued pressure as we move into '24. It sounds like you have plenty of visibility that demand is very strong on this side, but maybe just some color on what might have caused this downward price move and whether it's more temporary in nature in your view?
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Tom. Listen, North America refining margins are lower in this quarter. I think if you look at last year, the high priced oils were impacted by supply chain disruptions from the Russia-Ukraine war. So I would say this is a more normalized environment. We have also some positive timing impacts due to the pronounced RIN and HVO market movements, pulling forward some of those gains. I would say when we look at the forward quarter, we see remain refining margins to remain strong, but maybe a decline from the elevated highs we saw in 2022 on the early part of this year. Biodiesel margins are also coming out of the highs, as maybe the RIN value component of margin has declined as the industry is building a bank of rings. So we still have not seen a significant pull from the RD demand that it's been building but we maintain our expectation of how much it's going to be built there. So we think that is coming. The other thing you need to think about oil is that demand for food oil is very strong and has rebounded. And there are expectations now that with El Nino, we might have and with the natural maturity of the plantations in the -- in Southeast Asia that we might have a little bit less supply of palm oil and all that. So although, we are coming off the highs, we continue to be constructive about margin stabilizing at a strong level in the RPO area.
Tom Palmer: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping to -- maybe dig in on the Carb Solutions outlook and maybe if you could just parse the non-ethanol pieces a little bit more. And I think in the prepared remarks, you alluded to kind of a favorable start to contracting in North America sweeteners and starches and maybe elaborate on what you are actually seeing there, maybe better frame kind of the incremental capital investments to come in that business. Obviously, there's a lot of transformation work happening in that business. That's not all much kind of come to fruition in the near term, but better contextualize kind of what the actual level of investment that you've already committed to there, there is? And if I could just ask a clarifying question on the last point on RPO. How much was the timing benefit in the third quarter?
Vikram Luthar: About $95 million.
Adam Samuelson: Thank you.
Vikram Luthar: So on the Carb Solutions question, Adam, I think it's important to just frame it. The liquid sweetener volumes have been steady. And this has happened throughout this year. Almost every quarter, we've said that. So the demand has been pretty resilient, and the margin structure has been strong. The other thing that's actually helpful is strong exports to Mexico as well as higher sugar prices. The specialty volumes in North America have been a bit soft, but with the improved mix and pricing, our margins have actually expanded. The BioSolutions market, we're actually extending into new applications, and that revenue growth year-to-date is 23%. Wheat flour demand has been resilient. The optimization I referred to in my comments, has actually helped improve the cost structure and expand margins. As on all you know what's going on in ethanol. It as goes, the margin structure there is very supportive given domestic demand, blend economics, strong U.S. exports, as well as the fact that we've got a significant -- actually higher domestic driving miles. Now when you think about next year, I mean we're well set up for the Q4 '23, and I already talked about that. It's a little early to say, but based on the strong finish that we anticipated in 2023, and early '24 contracting in North America, sweeter and starches, we are optimistic for solid volumes and our ability to actually maintain and potentially even expand margins in our core starches and sweeteners portfolio. We'll tell you more in our February call, but going in, the outlook is constructive and similarly for ethanol, that tends to be volatile. But right now, the general trends to be supportive of a higher-for-longer ethanol margin environment.
Adam Samuelson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens. Ben, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody. I have kind of a two-pronged question. One is -- one, you've kind of hit bits and pieces and Vikram as well with the nutrition commentary of the overall business outlook into 2024. The kind of implicit takeaway is, we should still expect kind of very strong and above what, I guess, we would think of as mid-cycle earnings power in 2024, albeit it's early to make that call in 2024. So correct me if I'm wrong there. But two, when you think about allocating capital at this point in the cycle, how does that change, if at all, with what you've been doing over the last several years, and you've been picking up your buyback activity, how should we be thinking about that as we move through this period of time as well? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Ben. Good question. Listen, we see 2024 with a lot of optimism. We're working through the plan right now, as you can imagine at this time of the year. We continue to see the strength of Ag Services and Oilseeds and Carb Solutions continuing. Ag Services and Oilseeds, we have seen some fundamental structural changes. And I think that that's a multiyear trend. So we're going to see higher crush margins, at least in the United States for quite a while. And our Ag Services business continued to grow around the world in the -- with the strength of destination marketing and that exacerbated concern about food security that bring -- brought by all the geopolitics and the weather events and the pandemic and all that continues and continue to enhance margins for us to the service we provide around the world. So we see that business being very solid and very strong contributor. Carb Solutions, I think that Vikram touched a little bit on the dynamics of the contracting for next year. But beyond that, I think that you have to remember that we are having different uses. We are finding new demand for those products that will do two things, will grow as revenue into new categories like, we're seeing in BioSolutions that is growing double-digits. But it's also going to tighten up the supply for the existing products. So that will be constructive to margins over time, and we've seen that already, so those are the two. And I think Nutrition and Vikram went into a lot of detail into that and all the different pieces. And we're very confident we're going to go back to growth next year. This year, maybe you call it the past that refreshes, we took a pause this year. But the fundamental innovation engine that we have, that's our differentiation. That continues to resonate strongly, whether it's in Health & Wellness in what we are seeing in Flavors or the specialty pieces of Animal Nutrition or the demand generation impact, where the markets are normal and we apply that properly, we are winning more than our fair share, and we're growing faster than the competitors. So we see that with a lot of optimism for next year. When we think about how that correlates to our thinking of how to deploy capital, the priority to deploying capital is in our investment plan, and we have been doing that both in OpEx and in CapEx. Unfortunately, CapEx continues to be higher, inflationary pressure there, whether it's non-power or supply of raw materials, make us take a second look at a lot of the capital. And I think that Vikram has reflected on some of the adjustments that we made, maybe to Specialty Ingredients and other. So we're taking a look at that, and we're reviewing as always in our capital discipline on every project. But we have many opportunities in front of us, and we're going to continue to fund them. We have increased our return to shareholders. Certainly, our cash flow generation is very strong. And to be honest, when we see some of the pivot we are doing even in Carb solution with some of these opportunities, they are not hugely loading our CapEx, if you will. Some of these things where there is the pipeline for decarbonization is with partners, whether it's the LG Chem or other joint ventures are also partnerships. So it's not that taxing in our CapEx budget, if you will. So we think that we're going to continue to increase the return to shareholders. And we've been opportunistic looking at, of course, the M&A environment. And to be candid, we participate in many. We have many items on the fire, but the reality is that valuations have not come down, and we plan to continue to keep our discipline in that regard. So we continue to be opportunistic in that and we look at that. I think Vikram will make a comment on this one.
Vikram Luthar: Yeah. I think also in terms of buybacks, good to remind everyone that if you remember in our 2021 Investor Day, we talked about $5 billion of buybacks over the next four years through 2025. If you combine what we've done last year and this year, we've done almost about $2.6 billion of buyback, so we are ahead of that pace. And as I mentioned in my comments and as Juan said, if we don't see compelling valuations and given our discipline, we probably at these trading levels, price levels, we probably are going to buy back a little more aggressively, and you probably will see a stronger pace of buybacks in Q4 as a consequence of some of those factors.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Very good. Thanks so much.
Vikram Luthar: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much. I want to ask a little bit about the carbonization and the work you're trying to do Decatur. And I think when we -- you were talking about the 7 million tons of you're trying to sequester per year, the idea is that some of these will come from other facilities where you probably need to build pipelines. I'm just wondering, we're seeing a lot of issues with permitting and other issues with CO2 pipelines in other regions. Could this -- could you face similar issues and could this affect the total amount you will be able to request your indicator or on the other hand, could this actually be an opportunity and people that were relying on some other pipelines like Navigator 1 (ph) may come to you and use your indicator wells for sequestration?
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Salvator for the question. This is a very important initiative for ADM. And it's something that, as you know, we have started like 10 years ago, so it's something that we have a lot of experience in, and we're leveraging that experience and that head start, if you will, in our ability to inject carbon into the lower surfaces in our facility at Decatur. We have a couple of wells there, and we're planning, as you said, to create five more injection wells over the next few years. It is true part of that will be bringing biogenic CO2 generated by our ethanol plants through pipelines. And we are working already in two of those pipelines. We have already submitted permits for all that. Those permits have been accepted. So they are complete. They are in the process of being studied and analyzed, and we are reviewing also with our partners the right of way and acquisitions and all those type of agreements. Of course, as any industry that is breaking ground the pioneer suffer sometimes with the regulatory environment and having to adjust all that. So we're working closely with the authorities across different states and in terms of trying to align the regulatory framework to the needs of decarbonization and to the desires of the Department of Energy and the Department of Agriculture to have a smart agriculture in the U.S. and decarbonize that. So work in progress, as you said, we have seen the news that you do. And you can take two tax that we might suffer a similar fate or that we will have less competition as you described. At this point in time, we dont have any bad news to report other than we continue forward with our efforts, and we will update you in the next call.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Davis Sunderland of Baird. Davis, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Davis Sunderland: Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you for the time and thank you for taking my question.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Davis Sunderland: Juan you already talked about it a little bit, but I just wanted to ask if you could expand a little bit more on the ethanol and renewable diesel supply and demand environment, maybe what you're seeing for '24 and beyond? And if you anticipate any incremental changes in consumer behavior over that time? Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Yeah, Davis. Listen, in ethanol, we think ethanol is going to have a very constructive environment, very high sugar prices are driving Brazilians to produce a lot of sugar versus ethanol, so we're going to have less inputs of ethanol, biofuels mandates are growing around the world, whether it's more ethanol or more biodiesel. So we see Brazil going up 1% per year in that regard. And we see ethanol continues to have very good export. It has a very good value to other [indiscernible] that normally, they go for like $2.50 per gallon. So we have a big advantage around the world. And for people that want to increase the octane in their gasoline. Ethanol is a very cheap [indiscernible] around the world. So the U.S. is the best producer of that, will continue to increase. So you can see export having maybe a floor of 1.4 billion gallons going into 1.5 million. So that's very good. When we look at renewable green diesel, there has been no changes on how we see renewal diesel growth in the medium term, which is to get to around 5 billion gallons in the U.S. by 2025, 2026. Of course, we're a global company, we see that becoming 7 billion to 8 billion gallons by maybe -- and maybe 14 billion, 15 billion gallons of renewable green diesel and SAF online by 2026 and 2027. So we are at the very early innings of all these biofuel demand that is coming, whether its again for renewable green diesel or the promise of decarbonization that SAF brings to aviation that it doesnt have any other valid options right now. So again, were going to be a player that speedy good shows that. Were going to bring 1.5 million tons of capacity that will feed 75 million gallons of RGV. So we expect the others will deliver as we have delivered Spiritwood. So this is an industry were building that were excited about.
Davis Sunderland: Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Steven, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Hey. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to just ask a question on the guidance. I think previously, you're kind of saying $7 with some upside and now you're saying in excess of $7. So maybe if you could just kind of help us, I don't know, maybe quantify the difference in the two guidances and size, the upside piece would be helpful. Thank you.
Vikram Luthar: Well, so I think the first thing to note is, when in Q2, we said around $7 for potential -- with potential for more upside. And what we have seen saying right now is that potential upside is coming through, and that's why we're raising our guidance in excess of $7. But if you step back, Steven, think about what's happened between Q2 and Q3. One is, clearly, nutrition has been softer. We had guided to it similar in Q2. Now we are guiding to around $600 million. So you know, by definition, there's a compensation in other parts of the business. And when you think about the compensation relative to our Q2, that's probably going to come partially from AS&O and partially from CS. And we gave some guidance on AS&O for Q4 and also some guidance for CS. CS to be rough relatively flat versus Q4, barring any continued expansion in ethanol margins, so that could be upside in CS. And in AS&O, we have some puts and takes in RPO in particular, and one went through this. We expect that to be weaker than Q4 of last year just because we expect these mark-to-market timing gains we realized in Q3 to be rolling off. And then in Ag Services, its going to be generally flat, excluding the legal settlement that was a onetime thing in Q4 of last year. And then in crush, its going to be strong. And I think Juan talked about that we are continuing to be constructive about the cross outlook particularly in the U.S. going forward, given some of the structural demand changes related to renewable green diesel in particular.
Steven Haynes: Thank you
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we currently have no further questions. So I'll hand back to Ms. Britt for any further remarks.
Megan Britt: Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ADM Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Thank you, Alex. Hello, and welcome to the second quarter earnings webcast for ADM. Starting tomorrow, a replay of this webcast will be available on our Investor Relations website. Please turn to Slide 2. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect managements current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. To the extent permitted, under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On todays webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will discuss our second quarter results, share progress highlights on our first half accomplishment and provide perspective on our outlook for the second half. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review segment level performance for the quarter and first half and provide an update on our cash generation and capital allocation actions. Juan will have some closing remarks, and then he and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I'll now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan, and thanks to those who have joined us for today's call. Today, ADM reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.89 with an adjusted segment operating profit of $1.6 billion. Combined with first quarter results, this equates to a first half adjusted earnings per share of $3.98 and an adjusted operating profit of $3.4 billion. Our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 13.8%. The first half of 2023 has probably unfolded as we expected and our financial performance nearly replicates the record results from the first half of last year, even as we face a more challenging macroeconomic and demand environment to start the year. Through active positioning, strong margin management and leveraging our geographically diverse end-to-end supply chain network, we maintain our earnings power and a strong ROIC performance bolstered by key strategic accomplishments across the enterprise. Please turn to Slide 4. Let me highlight just a few across the business. In Ag Services & Oilseeds, our team leveraged past investments in port capabilities to produce record origination volumes out of our Brazilian facilities, expanded our regenerative agriculture partnerships and leverage our ability to flex crush capacity to capitalize on higher canola crush margins. In the latter instance, we flexed more than 300,000 tons of capacity and captured an additional $40 per metric ton of margin. In Carbohydrate Solutions, strategic investments in optimization and modernization allowed our team to manage increased demand for liquid sweeteners, drive growth in BioSolutions revenue and operating profit and produced record results in our milling and international corn businesses. In Nutrition, our unique go-to-market strategy continues to drive a larger sales pipeline and deliver double-digit growth in the Flavors business, thanks to an impressive performance in EMEA and new wins in North America. When you combine all of these aspects across ADM's full business portfolio, it's clear how we are able to convert challenges in one geography, product or business segment into value drivers in another. Next slide, please. Let's review the factors that we see as important drivers for a strong second half finish in 2023. We expect continued strength in Brazil origination for the remainder of the year. Our past strategic investments in port facilities in Brazil optimize origination network and deep connection to our global trade and destination marketing teams will allow us to export strong volumes, capitalizing on the record Brazilian soybean and corn crops. Biofuels demand continues to remain strong. Through the first half of the year, we saw robust margins from biodiesel, strong demand for ethanol and an increasing demand for vegetable oil from renewable green diesel and we expect this trends to continue in the second half. Our Spiritwood, North Dakota processing facilities is scheduled to start up in Q4, adding 1.5 million metric tons of annual soy crush capacity to our portfolio and producing low carbon intensity soybean oil for our JV partner Marathon's nearby renewable diesel facility. Projects like this will support growing demand for renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel throughout the industry. We also see continued resilience in food demand for core products. We expect the continued solid margin and volume environment for sweeteners, starches and flours. We are beginning to convert our pipeline of wins in Human Nutrition into operating profit. Well, there are some factors that have hindered growth in the portfolio, we believe positive momentum from Flavors is a predictor of a healthy rebound. We also see continued commodity market dislocations in the second half. ADM has the unique ability to execute with agility in a dynamic environment. Our team utilizes our unparalleled global asset footprint and end-to-end supply chain to adapt to evolving market conditions and meet global food security needs while driving strong returns. Lastly, our balance sheet remains healthy, and we are flexing it toward organic investments and opportunistic share buybacks. We continue to deploy capital to drive organic productivity and innovation-oriented programs such as Spiritwood, Valencia and Marshall as well as invest in our plant automation efforts and our broad decarbonization initiatives. And our $1 billion in share repurchases in the first half highlights our confidence in the strong cash generation and growth potential of our company. As we look at the back half of the year, we intend to continue our share repurchase program. We feel that these factors are fundamental drivers of our strong second half performance. I am proud of how our team has delivered halfway through the year and even more excited about the opportunities presented in the second half and what our team can deliver. Taking collectively, we are raising our earnings expectations for full year 2023. With that, let me turn it over to Vikram, who will go into more detail on the results of operations. Vikram?
Vikram Luthar: Thank you, Juan. Please turn to Slide 6. The Ag Services & Oilseeds team continues to deliver exceptional results in a dynamic environment, leading to an extremely strong performance in the first half of 2023, surpassing the outstanding first half of the prior year. Q2 results were strong, but slightly below the prior year period. Ag Services results were in line with the strong second quarter of 2022. South American origination results were higher year-over-year as the team delivered record volumes and higher margins on strong export demand, leveraging our strategic investments to expand port capacity to capitalize on the record Brazilian soybean crop. Results for North America origination was slightly lower year-over-year, driven by lower export volumes due to large South America suppliers. Our execution in destination marketing as well as effective risk management continue to deliver strong global trade results, though lower than the record quarter last year. In our crushing subsegment, results were much lower than the record result from the second quarter last year. Global soy crush margins remained strong but were lower year-over-year in all regions due to softer demand for both meal and oil and a tight U.S. soybean carryout. This was partially offset by strong softseed margins and higher volumes supported by a strong Canadian canola crop and use of our flex capacity in EMEA. Additionally, there were approximately $195 million of negative mark-to-market timing effects in the current quarter that are expected to reverse as the contracts execute in future periods. Refined products and other results were significantly higher than the prior year period, achieving a record second quarter. North America results were higher, driven by strong food oil demand and improved biodiesel volumes. In EMEA, strong export demand for biodiesel and domestic food oil demand supported stronger margins. Additionally, there were approximately $90 million of positive mark-to-market timing effects in the current quarter that are expected to reverse as the contracts execute in future periods. Equity earnings from Wilmar were lower versus the second quarter of 2022. Looking ahead for the third quarter, we anticipate solid results in Ag Services & Oilseeds. We expect strong demand for grain exports to be heavily weighted towards South America and our Brazilian origination footprint. We anticipate strong volumes and margins for soy and canola crush based on the tight Argentine crop and improving demand outlook for meal and oil. We expect RPO to perform well but have significant reversals of timing impacts from the second quarter, leading to lower net execution margins. Slide 7, please. Carbohydrate Solutions delivered strong results in Q2, but lower than the record second quarter of last year. The Starches and Sweeteners subsegment, including ethanol production from our wet mills, capitalized on a solid demand environment during the quarter. North America Starches and Sweeteners delivered volumes and margins similar to the prior years, and ethanol margins were solid as industry stocks moderated but lower relative to the prior year. Q2 results were negatively impacted due to unplanned downtime at one of our corn germ plants. In EMEA, the team effectively managed margins to deliver improved results. The global wheat milling business posted higher margins, supported by steady customer demand. BioSolutions continued on its excellent growth trajectory with 22% revenue growth year-over-year. Vantage Corn Processors results were lower due to lower year-over-year ethanol margins. The prior year period also includes a onetime $50 million benefit from the USDA biofuel producer recovery program. We continue to make progress on our initiatives to decarbonize the Carbohydrate Solutions footprint including our definitive agreement with Tallgrass to sequester carbon from our Columbus, Nebraska facility and continued progress on decarbonizing our decade complex through additional carbon capture and sequestration wells, as well as ultra-low-carbon intensity, electricity and steam generation. These are key steps in enabling us to produce low CI feedstocks for use in many applications for our major CPG customers and underpinning our growth opportunities, such as SAS, BioSolutions and our lactic acid polylactic acid joint venture with LG Chem. Looking ahead for the third quarter, we expect continued steady demand in margins for our starches, sweeteners and wheat flour products. Ethanol margins are also expected to remain solid. On Slide 8, Nutrition results were significantly lower than the prior year's record quarter. Human Nutrition results were slightly up year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Our Flavors business posted record results in Q2, growing revenues and EBITDA margins due to improved mix and pricing in EMEA, as well as improving demand in North America. Flavors will be a significant growth engine for Human Nutrition for the remainder of the year and will act as a pace setter for the rest of our portfolio. Customer innovation in beverage is beginning to accelerate, and our value proposition is driving our sales pipeline to its largest ever. Growth in Flavors was offset by lower year-over-year results in Specialty Ingredients. While there has been softening of demand for plant-based proteins, particularly for the alternative meat space, other categories like alternative dairy snacks and baked goods as well as specialized nutrition are providing growth opportunities. Although still a small OP contributor, Health and Wellness is seeing demand recovery in probiotics and is benefiting from geographic expansion opportunities offered through ADM's global footprint and customer relationships. Our largest challenge in 2023 has been in the Animal Nutrition business were significantly lower amino acid margins and softer global feed demand has affected volumes driving much lower results. Over the past several months, we have made important adjustments to align the business to this environment, including simplifying our brands and go-to-market strategy, consolidating facilities and optimizing our footprint, rightsizing the workforce in association with these changes and aligning the reporting structure to enhance synergies. We are also refocusing our efforts to increase offerings in the higher-margin specialty feed and ingredients areas. We believe these actions will lead to improved commercial and operational performance, supporting profitable growth when market fundamentals improve. When looking at Nutrition as a whole, we now expect 2023 results to be similar to the prior years, as we expect growth in Human Nutrition to be offset by lower results in Animal Nutrition. However, given the increase in customer innovation we've seen in our Flavors business and our recent wins in pipeline growth across Human Nutrition, as well as the actions we are taking in Animal Nutrition, we remain confident about the future outlook and growth prospects for Nutrition. Slide 9, please. Other business results were significantly higher than the prior year quarter due to improved ADM investor services earnings on higher net interest income. Captive insurance improved on premiums from new programs, partially offset by increased claim settlements. In corporate results, net interest expense for the quarter increased year-over-year, primarily on higher short-term interest rates. Unallocated corporate costs of $262 million was similar versus the prior year as lower health insurance costs were offset by increased global technology spend. Other corporate was unfavorable versus the prior year, primarily due to foreign currency hedges. We still project corporate costs to be approximately $1.5 billion for the year. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was -- of 2023 was approximately 18%, in line with the prior year. For the full year, we still expect our effective tax rate to be between 16% and 19%. Next slide, please. Through the second quarter, we had strong operating cash flows before working capital of $2.5 billion. We allocated $600 million to capital expenditures as well as returned $1.5 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to have ample liquidity with nearly $13 billion of cash and available credit, and our leverage ratio are low with an adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA ratio at 1.0. Our strong balance sheet and credit ratings provide a stable financial footing for ADM to pursue our strategic growth initiatives while also returning capital to shareholders. We still anticipate $1.3 billion of capital expenditures in 2023. As Juan mentioned, we have already completed the $1 billion of share repurchases that we announced in January this year. We intend to continue our share repurchase program, subject to other strategic uses of capital. Based on our very strong first half, we are raising our full year earnings outlook to around $7 per share with potential for even more upside. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. As we wrap up today's call, let me highlight a few opportunities that we're excited about as ADM continues to execute our strategic agenda, where we're seeing value generation today and have plans to accelerate. Let's start with digitization and automation. Our ongoing work to modernize and automate our operations is ramping up. Our eight current implementations across North America and Europe are generating millions in run rate benefits. And we have 10 more starting in Q3 with the expectation of similar scalable benefits. Our 1ADM program is accelerating our decision-making and analytics capabilities across the company, helping us find faster path to productivity. With our HR systems now in place globally, our next milestone is bringing part of the Nutrition flavors business on board. In LatAm, we have implemented technology to optimize trade and commercial processes while digitizing freight and logistics contracting. All of this is helping us reduce costs and make better, faster decisions to deliver value to ADM and our customers. Sustainability and decarbonization have opened new avenues for growth across the enterprise while ensuring we are taking the necessary actions on our own footprint. Our STRIVE 35 program continues to deliver important progress, and our recent sustainability report shows our efforts in greenhouse gas emissions, waste reduction, no deforestation and crop traceability achieving targets ahead of plan. As we continue to support our most significant customers with carbon advantage crop sources, we recently announced regenerative Ag program targets of 2 million acres in 2023 with an additional 2 million acres by 2025. With the recent Tallgrass agreement and permit submissions, CO2 from ADM facilities in Nebraska, Iowa and Illinois is now targeted to be captured and stored safely and permanently underground within our expand indicator CCS well capacity. This helps decarbonize our customers' value chains and our own across important opportunity spaces like BioSolutions and sustainable aviation fuel. And we are continuing to invest in the next phase of innovation. Our new Decatur protein solution center is engaged in ADM's world-class science and technology capabilities to deliver on tomorrow's most important consumer nutrition trends. Collaboration between ADM and our ventures partners take us beyond today's alternative protein sources to help address critical areas of sustainability, wellness and affordability. Leveraging our deep fermentation expertise and capacity is positioning us to scale the next generation of food, feed, fuel, fabrics and other industrial products with key partners. The combination of technology alongside global trends in sustainability, food security and well-being is transforming the food and agriculture industry at the fastest pace since the last century. And ADM is at the forefront of this transformation and connected growth opportunities, which give us even more confidence in our long-range growth plans. Thank you for your time today. Vikram and I look forward to your questions. Alex, please open the line.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Ben, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Thank you very much. Good morning, Juan. Good morning, Vikram.
Juan Luciano: Good morning.
Vikram Luthar: Good morning.
Ben Theurer: So I'd like to -- just a general question on obviously, like the puts and takes. You're raising your guidance at the higher end of what 6% to 7% was now around 7%. And obviously, you had a very strong first half, but then at the same time, you're looking for a little more softness in Nutrition. So maybe help us understand how you feel about just macro picture in general demand? What are the geopolitical assumptions that you have behind your outlook and how you feel about second half and then also beyond maybe into 2024, as it relates to general demand in an environment where we're in right now. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Sure, Ben. Yes, of course, first of all, we're very proud of the results we accomplished in the quarter and in the first half. And certainly, we are more confident about the environment ahead of us for ADM. I would say -- let me highlight some of the reasons for that. Certainly, crush margins have started to pick up as we predicted before. They continue to get better. Board crush has been firmer and mill basis has been stronger and BIM basis have dropped in the U.S. as we have anticipated. I think there is a shift in which the world needs more protein, then we need more mill, and we can cover for Argentina shortcomings this year. So that is happening as we predicted. And certainly, it's going to be very good for Q3 and Q4. I think we're seeing these huge crops in Brazil. We see the Brazilian port congestion driving a lower interior basis and allowing us to procure cheaper grains, giving margins to those companies that have invested in the infrastructure to be able to capitalize on that, which we did, both in Santos and in Barcarena in Brazil. So, that's playing very well for us. The last time we talked, ethanol inventories were around 25 million to 26 million barrels. Now we are at the end of June at about 22 million. There is -- we see a strong spot demand for ethanol and corn tough to buy. So that has made margins strengthen, and they are holding. So we are positive about ethanol margins continued in that regard. We continue to see this trend in biofuels and we have a strong book on biodiesel for the quarter. So we feel good about that. We are seeing lower recession challenges and the U.S. consumer very resilient, and that's bringing resiliency in our core products for food demand. And we see that in carb solutions, whether it's sweeteners and starches or whether it's in milling. So as you highlighted, of course, and Vikram went deep into that, the issues in Nutrition, I would say we feel good about how our value proposition continues to resonate in flavors. Flavors is more beverage kind of business, if you will. The innovation happens a little bit faster there. So we see our pipeline continues to grow. That bodes very well for what we know the potential revenue is in 2024. So again, we continue to align the company to these big three trends, food security that with all the geopolitics and the weather makes ADM assets more valuable and gives us more margin in destination marketing services, for example. We see health and well-being, and that continues to show in all the flavors innovation that we're seeing with our customers. And we see the sustainability trend driving all these opportunities in decarbonization. I would say we shouldn't forget when we mentioned this, that either in automation on decarbonization, we are at the early innings of multiyear progress for the industry and for ADM. So I think that we feel very good about '23 and we feel even better about the future.
Ben Theurer: Perfect. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Ben, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hi, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to just follow-up just on the -- good morning, on the Nutrition business and maybe to the extent that you can talk a little bit about the cadence as we move through the back half of the year. I appreciate the updated comments on overall results being flat year-over-year. But there's -- with Animal Nutrition expected to be down year-over-year, there's a pretty substantial ramp in the human side of things. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about the visibility that you have into that? And then to the extent you can parse between 3Q and 4Q as you see it today, that would be helpful.
Vikram Luthar: Yes, Ben. So I think let's just take a few minutes to talk about why our guide has gone from 10% growth to flat. Animal Nutrition cyclical weakness is persisting for longer than we anticipated. Consumers continue to trade down from higher value, more feed intensive to lower value, less feed intensive proteins. Reformulation to reduce feed cost is also impacting volumes. Plant-based proteins, particularly in the alternative meats continues to be softer than anticipated. The destocking actually is still continuing in that category. And the broader market growth has also moderated, which we had signaled before. Third, the demand fulfillment challenge in pet solutions are taking longer than anticipated resolve. The delay was driven primarily by slower than anticipated integration of the recent small business acquisition that we made in North America. And if you remember, we had COVID, and that delayed also the integration. So we're working through that. But what are we doing? And that's important as you think about the back half as well as the future. Flavors. Strong pipeline and win rates. We talked about the largest ever pipeline we've had. Flavors actually grew profits in the first half 9%, 20% in Q2. So that's a very good sign of the recovery we are seeing in parts of the Human Nutrition business. The other thing that's important to note, Flavors actually contributed almost 50% of the overall operating profit for Nutrition in the first half. So that's an important signal as you think about the future growth of Nutrition. Yes, that was primarily driven in the beverage category, but we see green shoots of opportunity in the food category as well. In the SI side, we are leveraging our CD&D capabilities to accelerate penetration into some of the faster-growing categories. I mentioned alternative spaces, alternative meat has been soft but alternative dairy and some of the other categories actually growing. And we are launching our Decatur protein innovation center in Q3. All that, given our CD&D capabilities allows us to pivot to categories that are growing. And that sometimes takes time. So we anticipate that recovery possibly to come in more in the 2024 time frame, less in the back half of this year. In Animal Nutrition, we are taking actions to improve margins, cost and product and footprint rationalization to improve margins and also to drive profitable growth as the markets recover. So we feel good about the recovery as the market recovers. And in parallel, what we are doing is looking at the specialty part of our Animal Nutrition portfolio to leverage our Human Nutrition, CD&D and go-to-market capabilities to be able to drive increased penetration there. On the pet side, demand creation is going to take a little longer, possibly into the back half of this year and into 2024. But overall, we clearly see signs of recovery, and our forward outlook for Nutrition is still strong and robust in terms of growth. This year, given some of the challenges we faced, we expect it to be similar to last year. Juan, I don't know if you want to add some longer-term perspective.
Juan Luciano: Listen, Ben, as Vikram said, we continue to be very positive. We look at this -- remember, when we started the Nutrition business, which we're still trying to build into the best nutrition company in the world, we ask our team that we're going to measure them by two factors. One was growing faster than market and in markets where the customers are still moving and innovation is coming, like in Flavors, we've seen that we're growing faster than market, and you can see it by the double-digit growth that we have so far. And then the other thing that we said was EBITDA margin on sales growing, and we grew EBITDA marginal sales in Flavors. So I think that in the others, I think Vikram has -- this industry is going through a difficult destocking year and there has been some self-inflicted things like the integration of this small facility in Pet. So I think we're working through some of our growing pains as we build the portfolio. But I think the important thing is our innovation system, our value proposition to bring new recipes to customers faster than anybody else continues to outperform the industry and that we're seeing in the results. When customers have projects like in beverage and all that, we excel. When customers are flat or destocking, it takes a little longer. We still expect the trajectory to be similar in that regard.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Very good. My second question is on Starches and Sweeteners. You noted similar volumes and margins in the second quarter. You did have a plant that was down unexpectedly. Could you talk about the impact of that that's discrete to the second quarter? And then you point to solid margins for sweetener, starches and flour in the back half of this year, would you expect -- would you characterize that more specifically as similar margins and volumes again? Or do you expect an improvement in the back half of the year? Thank you.
Vikram Luthar: Sure. So Ben, let's talk about the germ crush facility outage. In April, we had an incident at one of our grain elevators at the West plant within ADM's processing complex indicator. This negatively impacted the Carbohydrate Solutions Q2 results by a significant amount. Germ was actually sold into feed markets as our wet mills were slow to reduce the overall exposure to germ, lowering also ethanol production volumes at a time when ethanol margins were strong. We anticipate this to come back in Q4. So yes, Q2 was impacted. I won't get into the specifics but the fact that it was significant enough for us to call it out means it was a meaningful number. But it is going to come back in Q4. So therefore, based on that, you can expect some seasonality, some shift from Q2 to Q4 as a consequence of that. But for the full year, we still remain very -- the outlook for the full year still remains very strong. The sweeteners and starch and actually also the growth of milling volumes have been very resilient. We've seen some softening in the specialty side of the portfolio, but that's been more than offset by mix and margins. So I'd say, overall, the outlook is solid. And yes, we did have a material impact, a significant impact due to the corn germ in Q2.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Thanks and congratulations.
Vikram Luthar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan. Tom, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question.
Juan Luciano: Good morning.
Tom Palmer: Perhaps we could just talk through the moving pieces as we migrate to the North America harvest. We've seen crush margins in the U.S. strengthen, especially in the past month or so. Looks like we've seen maybe just a little bit of a beginning in other regions of the world. I think often, when you see our weaker-than-expected supply coming out of the country, other regions of the world often benefit. And at least up to this point, and I know we're ahead of the harvest, we haven't seen that necessarily in margins. I mean, how do you guys think about as we think about the balance of the year, kind of regional expectations for crush progressing?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Tom. As I said before, I think that when you see the world needs more protein and certainly, we can see that given the Argentine GAAP , which is they produce probably 20 million, 25 million tons less soybeans and maybe the world was expecting them to produce, that's reallocating crush, we are locating crush to two places; we are locating crush to Brazil and reallocating crush to U.S. So of course, the time of that is different. And so we see that in the margins that we see for the U.S. coming into Q3 and then Q4. Demand continues to be strong for meal. There won't be so much protein that is not going to just be soybean meal, but there's going to be other types of protein feed, whether it's feed wheat and all that. So when you take that, combined with the increased demand from fuels, but also oils for food consumption. If we expect soybean oil demand to go up like 8%, it's like about 6% coming from food and maybe 2% coming from fuel. But my point is crush margins are supported from everywhere. Of course, as the world gets to try to cover for these soybeans, the margins will be where you are closer to the physical product to have access to the physical soybeans. And that's where ADM footprint and ADM combined with origination and global trade where we excel. So I think the team had a great first half, and they are expecting a great second half. And we don't see anything that can derail this for quite some time. I hope that provides some perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Gupta of UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Hi. My quick question here is we are in the second phase where a number of new plants on the R&D side will start up in the second half of this year including one of your partners, which is starting up a bigger plant on the West Coast. So I'm just trying to understand from the demand perspective of soyabean oil, do you expect a much stronger demand environment than what we saw in the first half of this year?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think that we have all these plants that are coming that have been announced. And of course, we're looking all the time at the probability of those plants coming. Sometimes when you build in an industry, not everything comes at the right time. But as you said before, there are two or three large plants coming now in the second half, and that will continue to increase the demand. Of course, our plant in - from our partner comes with our crush capacity as well that we're building, this 1.5 million tons per year. So -- but Manav, when we look at these we believe that, at the end of the day, that demand will come through. At the end of the day, we will have enough crush for soybean oil to participate being maybe 60% of the overall pool of feedstock needed. And we think that the industry will continue to grow, but we continue to need to attract other feedstocks for us to fulfill this potential. So the industry is going to get tight. You're going to need capacity, technology and capabilities, if you will, in order to deliver that, but that's the way you make progress, building a new industry and going through an energy transition. But that's very favorable for ADM. And I think that we're very pleased to bring in Spiritwood on time for the harvest, on budget. So we are very pleased the way the team has managed that implementation.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Adam.
Vikram Luthar: Hi.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. So I guess my first question, maybe coming back to Nutrition. As I think about the revised outlook for the year, profit now flat. How should we think about the pathway 2024, 2025 and kind of the achievability of the prior 2025 target, I believe, $1.2 billion of OP in that segment? And maybe the split between human and animal within that, clearly animal has been more pressured than Human Nutrition. So just help me think about kind of as we think about the 2023 targets, kind of where you are relative to what was implied in your plans to get to the 2025 goals? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So when we put the 2025 goals, let me go back on the comments I made before. When we look at our plans, we look at how do we grow faster than market and how do we implement projects and target applications to continue to grow EBITDA margin on sales. The two businesses, Animal Nutrition and Human Nutrition had different profiles and different goals in that regard, so when you see the final number is a combination of all those plans roll out. In the Human Nutrition, margins are much higher and is continue to make it better and more stickier to customers as we develop better solutions. In Animal Nutrition was a margin up story since they were coming from lower margins. So when you think about our numbers are a combination of applying our growing faster than market and our EBITDA margin on sales to a market number. Of course, this industry, as you can see by ourselves and our competitors is having through tough times, whether it is because customers are either not innovating fast enough or destocking at this point in time and making sure they have their supply chains in order. So to the extent that those projections are going to be reduced, our percentages of applied to those numbers will be a smaller number. So we haven't gone through that because, to be honest, we are looking at how do we address our current challenges. So we're not that worried about 2025 right now, we want to make sure we make all the adjustments that we need to make. And maybe as we talk about the adjustment, let me talk about the adjustment, let me talk a little bit about Animal Nutrition. Animal Nutrition, as we become more into the business, if you will. We know there is a commodity part, and there is a specialty part. The specialty part matches very well with the -- what the playbook that we have in the human side. And that part is growing and we will continue to accelerate. And Vikram said before, we are repurposing resources to add more of that. There is a commodity part of that, that at the beginning, when we put the two businesses together, we thought it was going to be a good way to open doors, if you will, for the innovation but they have different dynamics. And so we are looking at those different dynamics and how do we need to readjust either the capacities or some of the people associated with that and the intensity of resources in that part as the specialty part is not coming as fast as we thought. So we need to deal with the volatility of the commodity part while the specialty part is a little bit slower. So as those things balance, we are adding productivity to the commodity part of animal, and we are adding more resources to the specialty part in animal and I think that we believe that, that will take us to, again, a growth rate into 2024 for those business. We're going through that. We will cover all that also, Adam in Investor Day as we will have developed more plants. But rest assured, we're very active in our interventions, and we're testing different options in order for us to manage this better. This is also sometimes difficult to characterize on something specific and apply it globally because we have operations in Southeast Asia. We have operations in Brazil. We have operations in Mexico and Europe, in the U.S. And all those things have to be put together and not all the dynamics in all those markets go perfectly aligned and synchronized. So that's why I think we need a little bit more granularity in December to be able to articulate that, which is a little bit more difficult to portray in a call without any numbers or slides.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik from BMO. Andrew, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about your view on the Ag Services strength durability. It seems like we've got tighter global grain supplies than we maybe thought we were going to Refined oils premiums that are out record. Crush margins, obviously, in the U.S. that are very strong. I know maybe Argentina comes back next year. But it doesn't feel like these are things that even though you guide for just 2023 things that would end just because of the calendar flips. And so how long do you think the strength in Ag services can continue for? What I guess, maybe are the risks because it seems like the setup should extend. So curious for your perspective there. Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. We have had two great years of crops in Brazil, and we're probably going to have a strong crop in the U.S. Volumes are good for us. So we like when there are volumes. But of course, the world has become, as you said, more complicated place where is geopolitics and we can see, unfortunately, what is transpiring in the Black Sea or the weather that has become more violent and more volatile. So we go from a very dry La Nina that impacted a lot of locations around the world and then we may go into a more extreme El Nino, and you can see the temperature, record temperatures that we are dealing with right now. So I would say all that volatility and all that uncertainty increases the value of our investments. When we invest more ports in Brazil, we see the leverage that, that has today. Of course, we're going to probably export a little bit less from the U.S. because we're going to export more from Brazil. And that probably is not going to offset each other perfectly. So maybe Ag Services earnings will be down a little bit based on that. But on the other hand, the big availability of crops in the U.S. will help our processing businesses. If you look at the strength in oils, it is because soybean basis are lower as soybean mill bases have strengthened. So, that's where we get the margin expansion. The world also is going into decarbonization, and that's affecting also the grain industry. The grain industry -- and we are leading that with our regeneration program in regen Ag, but more and more people want crops grow in a certain way. And the claims for deforestation limits are also increasing. So I would say you see a future in which maybe less land will be brought into production as we are climbing in the number of people in the world into 10 billion people. But it's not just the number of people. If you think about the protein consumption, the U.S. - in the U.S., we consumed about 270 pounds per year per capita of proteins. China is about 170. The world, on average, is a 100. So if the world was to get to the average of China, we need 70 pounds per person per year. If we were to get to the level of the U.S., you can need 170. That's a huge amount of grain that needs to be produced in not an expanding significant amount of land. So there is a lot that we will have to go through. So you will continue to have, given the weather and the geopolitics, you continue to have pockets of tightness where our footprint in the world, all the plants that we've been blessed with and the ports and the logistic assets and our destination marketing people and our origination marketing people, they will be more valuable into the future, no doubt, as we try to secure food for the global population.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Yes. Thank you very much. On the crush margins, can you provide a little bit more color on why -- in setting aside, of course, Argentina, why Brazil and Europe, the margins have come down recently. And also, now with the crush margin curve having gone up, at least the U.S. substantially, where do you stand in your forward hedging book for the balance of the year? And what's kind of your approach going forward?
Juan Luciano: Okay. Yes, Salvator. So as you said, crush margins have weakened maybe in recent weeks to maybe $20 to $30 in Europe, especially this is a good transition through all to new crop in the U.S. and global oil basis maybe have weakened a little bit with firmer U.S. oil. We continue to bring biodiesel from there. So that continues to add value to the European businesses. But maybe the protein industry is a little bit weaker in Europe. In Brazil, I think Brazil, if I have to say something, maybe Brazil is trying to figure out how to accommodate all the production of soybean and corn, that they have. So there are a lot of logistics challenges in Brazil. And I think that has made -- has pressure the beans basis country side. And soybean oil, I would say, is pressure in Brazil because of lack of domestic demand. Brazil is one of those places where you have export market, but you also have a domestic market. And I would say right now, domestic market, maybe for soybean oil is a little bit weak. And without the huge benefit that we have with the biofuels policies here in the U.S. and Brazil may be a little bit weaker. But I would say, realistically, those are the two places that will pick up the slack that Argentina or the gap that Argentina left. So those are where the beans are. So we expect high crushing rates for both Brazil and the U.S.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from Steve Haynes of Morgan Stanley. Steve, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steve Haynes: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just maybe two quick ones on Nutrition. First, are you able to maybe put a dollar amount to the cost savings the various kind of actions you're taking on the animal side of things in regards to kind of what's baked into the 2023 guide. And then secondly, could you just -- maybe just a quick -- a little bit more detail on what some of the inventory losses were on the Pet Solutions? Thank you.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. So on the Animal Nutrition side, yes, we've taken a lot of the actions over the course of latter part of last year as well as ongoing this year. I'm not going to call out specific numbers, but I'll tell you the vast majority of those results should be realized in the back half of the year. So it's going to be obviously analyzed as you think about it. But -- so the full benefit would likely come in 2024. So you should see an uplift as a consequence of those actions coming on a full year basis in 2024, but you'll see a partial benefit clearly in 2023 as well. On the inventory losses related to Pet that we called out, it was, again, some of the acquired inventory as part of the integration of this facility that we had referenced, where we've had some integration challenges with the small business that we acquired in 2021. So it is related to some of that acquired inventory and some contamination that we saw. So that's -- it was it was material enough to Pet solutions. That's the reason we called it out, clearly not material from an overall ADM perspective.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we currently have no further questions. So I'll hand back to Megan Britt for any further remarks.
Megan Britt: Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any additional questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 02:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ADM First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Thank you, Bailey. Hello, and welcome to the first quarter earnings webcast for ADM. Starting tomorrow, a replay of this webcast will be available on our Investor Relations website. Please turn to Slide 2. Some of our comments and materials may constitute forward-looking statements that reflect managements current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On todays webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will discuss our first quarter results, provide ADMs perspective on the current market backdrop and share progress highlights on our strategic priorities for the year. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review the drivers of our financial performance at the segment level and review our cash generation and capital allocation results. Juan will have some closing remarks, and then he and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. Ill now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan. And thanks to all those joining us for the call today. This morning, ADM reported strong first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.09, with an adjusted segment operating profit of $1.7 billion and a trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC of 14%. Our performance demonstrates once again the advantage of ADMs uniquely integrated value chain and broad portfolio. Along with the teams ability to respond nimbly to opportunities aligned to the three enduring trends of food security, health and well-being and sustainability. All of this was achieved in a fluid economic environment where ripple effects are being felt from both inflationary and recessionary pressures, shifts in global demand and trade activity and the ongoing war in Ukraine. Our team continues to find ways to rise above these challenges and meet our customers needs for consistency, quality and innovation at every turn across our business units. We have wrapped up Q1 with a strong balance sheet, healthy cash flows, and we are on track for our 2023 and long-term strategic growth plans and we continue to pursue growth opportunities and increase shareholder returns in alignment with our disciplined capital allocation framework. This quarter, we also announced several exciting milestones in our continued growth and innovation strategy, including the opening of the worlds first probiotic and postbiotics production facility in Valencia, Spain, which increases our global production capacity by a factor of five. Agreements with ADM ventures, partners, BrightFit [ph] and Believer Meats to advance innovations in gut microbiome and cell-based meat respectively. And our definitive agreement with Tallgrass to pave the way for carbon capture from ADMs Columbus, Nebraska complex furthering our decarbonization agenda. Beyond the financial highlights of the quarter, we are proud to be named one of Fortunes Most Admired Companies for the 15th year running. And to receive our fourth consecutive Ethisphere award as one of the worlds most ethical companies. Its an honor to be recognized externally and it continues to demonstrate that ADMs culture and people are the engine behind our operational and financial success. As we look back on the quarter, Id like to review it in the context of the 2023 framing we discussed in Q4s call and provide a few brief updates. Slide 4, please. In January, we reviewed several factors that underpinned our confident outlook for 2023, and these same factors will continue to shape our performance throughout the year. The supply and demand situation remains fundamentally solid with some normalization of supply alongside shift in both the products driving demand and the origins providing supply. Supply and transportation constraints in the Black Sea region, severe drought in Argentina, the record Brazilian crop and a resurgence of demand in China post lockdown have allowed our team to take full advantage of our global footprint. Broad-based food demand remains resilient across key geographies. And we did, we are seeing solid volumes and strong operating margins across vegetable oils, flavors, sweeteners, starches and wheat milling. Demand for biodiesel and renewable green diesel is robust, driving continued strong gross margins. The strong biofuel demand and continued expectation for growth supports our investment in new crush capacity like the additional 150,000 bushels per day from our Spiritwood, North Dakota facility scheduled to come online in time for the 2023 harvest. Nutritions growth trajectory for the year remains on course with a double-digit increase in our human nutrition pipeline compared to this point in 2022. As noted, we expect this growth to be significantly weighted to the back half of the year, as we manage through some destocking impacts in beverage, lower margins in amino acids and the broader demand fulfillment challenges we discussed in the last quarter. Its important to recognize that our team delivered strong Q1 results despite constantly evolving macroeconomic conditions. ADMs ability to remain agile and apply the principles of productivity and innovation continues to position us well in a dynamic external environment. Let me take a moment to dig deeper into examples of how we are applying our productivity playbook across the organization and how decarbonization is helping us find paths for both innovation and growth. Slide 5, please. From a productivity perspective, we have continued to focus attention on automation within many of our key operations facilities. Automation not only accelerates the modernization of our manufacturing footprint, it is helping us deliver significant savings at the enterprise level. Whether we are reducing chemicals usage, delivering yield improvements or supporting operational reliability, our automation program now has a plan to scale cost improvements across our most critical operational assets over the next several years. Eight of our plans are currently underway and we expect that most of these will complete their automation implementation by year-end. And we are seeing operational and financial impacts immediately following implementation. Our most recent implementation in SEDA Rapeseed [ph] is already generating millions of dollars in efficiencies in just the first few months, confirming the double-digit returns we expect to see from these proceeds. As a whole, the impact on operating profit is significant with a target run rate of approximately $200 million per year when implementations are complete at more than 70 facilities over the next seven years. This is only one example of productivity measures we are undertaking to ensure ADM maintains agility given the levels of uncertainty in the external environment. Each of our businesses and functions is identifying opportunities to drive efficiency at the scale, while maintaining a focus on growth. Our decarbonization journey continues to move at a rapid pace and is allowing us to showcase innovation in action. Our advantaged position in alternative fuels production has prepared us for the demand cycle that continues to rise across biodiesel and renewable diesel. We continue to explore strategic options to convert ethanol into sustainable aviation fuel. The multibillion dollar addressable opportunity represented by SAF alone highlights the criticality of access to low-carbon feedstocks at a scale exponentially higher than what is available today. This is why we are prioritizing the decarbonization of our Decatur complex as the first critical step in unlocking significant value. Last year, we announced one of the worlds first, ultra-low emissions power plants would be built adjacent to our Decatur processing complex, supplying ADM with low emissions steam and electricity. This leverages our world-class facility that has been successfully sequestered in CO2 for more than a decade. ADM is a pioneering carbon capture and sequestration, and we are extending that expertise with a plan to triple the number of CCS wells in the Decatur area and sequester up to seven million metric tons of CO2 per year. This positions ADM as a clear leader in the ability to supply customers with low-carbon feedstocks and accelerate the decarbonization of their own value chain. And we think this is just the beginning. Ill speak more about how we are defining that next phase as we wrap up. Now I would like to turn the call over to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram?
Vikram Luthar: Thank you, Juan. Please turn to Slide 6. The Ag Services & Oilseeds team had an outstanding start to 2023, with significantly higher year-over-year results in Q1. Ag Services results were much higher than the first quarter of 2022. In South American origination, excellent risk management and higher export demand due to the record Brazilian soybean crop drove significantly higher year-over-year results. In North America, origination results were also higher, driven by stronger soybean exports. In global trade, solid margins and efficient execution led to strong results. Crushing results were in line with the first quarter last year. In North America, the team executed well, capitalizing on historically strong soybean and softseed crush margins that were supported by robust demand for renewable fuels. In EMEA, crush margins were lower year-over-year as trade flows adjusted from the dislocations caused last year by the war in Ukraine. Additionally, there were approximately $240 million of positive timing effects during the quarter, which included both expected reversals of prior timing losses as we executed the business as well as a positive impact of about $100 million pulled forward from future periods as crush margins declined at the end of the quarter. Refined products and other results were substantially higher than the prior year period. North America biodiesel results were higher with record volumes and strong margins, supported by favorable blend economics and tight diesel stocks. In EMEA, domestic demand for food, oil and export demand for biodiesel drove strong margins. Equity earnings from Wilmar were lower versus the first quarter of 2022. Looking ahead for the second quarter, we expect RPO to continue its strong performance. Crushing is expected to be strong, but lower than the prior year based on current crush margins. We do not expect last years significant volatility that impacted energy and grain trade flows to reoccur in Ag Services. Slide 7, please. Carbohydrate Solutions delivered solid results in Q1, though lower than the very strong first quarter of the prior year. The Starches and Sweeteners subsegment capitalized on solid demand in the quarter. North America Starches and Sweeteners delivered strong volumes and margins. Ethanol margins, pressured by high industry stock levels, were down relative to the same quarter last year. In EMEA, the team effectively managed margins in a dynamic operating environment to deliver improved results. The global wheat milling business posted much higher margins driven by robust customer demand. BioSolutions continued on its strong growth trajectory with revenues increasing by over 20% year-over-year. Vantage Corn Processors results were significantly lower due to weaker ethanol margins. Looking ahead, for the second quarter, we expect resilient demand and strong margins for our Starches and Sweeteners products. Ethanol margins, while improving, are expected to remain below last year. Of note, we also recognized a $50 million benefit from a biofuel producer tax credit in the prior year quarter that will not repeat. On Slide 8, Nutrition results were significantly lower year-over-year versus the record prior year quarter. Human Nutrition results were in line with the first quarter of 2022 as the business continued to manage demand fulfillment challenges and destocking in certain categories. Flavors results were slightly lower than the prior year as strong results in EMEA were offset by lower results in North America. Specialty Ingredients results were higher year-over-year, driven by healthy margins. Health and Wellness was lower year-over-year. In Animal Nutrition, results were significantly lower compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to much lower margins in amino acids. The Animal Nutrition business, excluding PET, is expected to face challenging demand conditions over the course of the year, and we are taking actions to mitigate the impact. These actions include targeted cost reductions, refining our go-to-market strategy with a more customer-centric approach, optimizing our production footprint, particularly in EMEA and refocusing resources on our strongest growth categories. Looking ahead for the second quarter, we expect year-over-year profit growth at Human Nutrition, while Animal Nutrition will still be lapping the higher amino acid margins from the prior year. For the full year, we expect to achieve 10% plus constant currency operating profit growth in Nutrition, led by Human Nutrition. And with continued recovery in demand fulfillment and reduced destocking effects, we remain optimistic about our Human Nutrition sales pipeline and growth opportunities. As we noted before, operating profit growth will be heavily weighted to the second half of the year. Slide 9, please. Other business results were significantly higher than the prior year quarter due to improved ADM investor services earnings on higher interest income. Captive insurance results were in line with the prior year. In Corporate, unallocated corporate costs of $248 million were higher year-over-year due primarily to higher financing and centers of excellence costs. Other corporate was unfavorable versus the prior year due to the absence of an ADM Ventures, investment revaluation gain, partially offset by higher contribution from foreign currency hedges. We still project corporate costs to be approximately $1.5 billion for the year. Net interest expense for the quarter increased $27 million year-over-year due primarily to higher short-term interest rates. The effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2023 was approximately 16%, in line with the prior year. For the full year, we still expect our effective tax rate to be between 16% and 19%. Next slide, please. In the first quarter, we had strong operating cash flows before working capital of $1.3 billion. We allocated $325 million to capital expenditures as well as returned $600 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to have ample liquidity with nearly $10 billion of cash and available credit. And our adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio of 1.2 is well below our 2.5x threshold. Our strong balance sheet and single A credit rating provide a stable financial footing for ADM to pursue our strategic growth initiatives, while also returning capital to shareholders. In 2023, we still anticipate $1.3 billion of capital expenditures and $1 billion of opportunistic buybacks subject to other strategic uses of capital. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. Before we wrap up today, I wanted to share some insights into how we're thinking about the remainder of 2023 and how we are positioning the company to take on the next phase of opportunities. We are confident that ADM will be able to deliver on our plans for 2023 despite some pockets of soft demand. Supply and demand shift are allowing ADM to flex our integrated value chain, in support of another strong year of results. We continue to advance partnership agreements with major players across multiple industries from regenerative agriculture to alternative proteins, to sustainable fuels, to plant-based industrial and personal care products. All of these partnerships are supporting ADM as we evolve at pace with the external environment to capture new growth opportunities. We see accelerated upsides emerging from product areas like biosolutions expected to grow at double-digit rates again this year. We have significant production capacity coming online within the year across our three businesses to support continued demand growth. And we're driving forward the broad-based decarbonization agenda in our Decatur complex, which is unlocking both near-term and long-range value for our customers across multiple industries. With a combination of solid business performance in the core business, along with the strong growth opportunities across our value chain, we expect that we will be able to deliver between $6 to $7 in earnings per share in 2023 and based on the strength of our balance sheet and cash position, we continue to pursue opportunities to deliver both near-term value to shareholders while positioning ADM for its next phase of growth. We're anticipating an in-depth review of the opportunities we see and the path ahead with the investment community in the fourth quarter. We'll share more details on this event in the coming months. Thank you for your time today, Vikram and I look forward to answering any questions you may have. With that, Bailey, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Tom Palmer from JP Morgan. Please go ahead, Tom. Your line is now open.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thank you for the question.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Palmer: Wanted to ask on  maybe ask how you're thinking about earnings cadence this year, in the crushing sub-segment. So your earnings presentation notes, soybean crush margins have dipped lately in several regions of the world, but we also can see, right, the U.S. features curve points to stronger margins in the second half of the year. So maybe just, should we be looking at the second quarter coming in below the first quarter and then a potential bounce for the second half of the year or is the second quarter perhaps looking a bit better for you than industry curves might suggest?
Juan Luciano: I think you're right in your assessment that maybe second quarter will come a little bit lower and then right, crush margins will raise for the second part of the year. In the coming quarter, crush is expected to remain strong, but lower than the prior year period, as you said, based on covering crush margins as well as impact from mark-to-market that pull profits into Q1. Remember those $100 million that Vikram mentioned before. So margins will remain solid, but again, lower probably than the prior year while canola crush margins look to be improved in the upside. If you think about the whole year, crush is position for another extremely strong year in 2023, the fundamentals of the business remain strong and the structural changes are driving increased demand for both vegetable oil and meal. In 2022, remember, Tom, we have significant dislocations around the world. Likewise, 2023 will be influenced by any new dislocations which may or may not happen. Remember that while Argentina and South America is crushing hard now, Argentina will probably run out of beans given their small crop, later in the year. And at that point in time, certainly the market will have to cover for that lack of meal being exported from Argentina. We think that's where the U.S. crush margins will pick up, and that's what the curves are showing. So I think with record world soybean production, we expect soybean meal will gain in the inclusions in global  Russians and we are going to have also on our own side, we're going to have a Spiritwood coming in at the end of Q3. And also we are going to have Paraguay coming back online at that point and Ukraine also. So when you think about this operational improvements and higher refining volumes and strong refining margins we are due for a very, very strong year in ag services and oilseeds in 2023. Bailey, any other questions?
Operator: Hi. Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. I was hoping to talk a little bit more on nutrition and maybe get a little bit more color on kind of the confidence of the recovery and profits as you see it through the year. Sounds like that's pretty heavily skewed towards the human side and I guess, I'm just trying to make sure I understand kind of how much of that is a function of the comps getting easy and flapping some of the price costs and supply chain challenges late last year. Actual market growth beneficial from some of the new capacity and the volume that you can bring to bear and then as well help us think about on the animal side, kind of the growth in pet versus the pressures you're seeing on amino acids and some of the legacy in your businesses?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Adam. So this is no different from what we signaled in the Q4 call. We had clearly indicated that the first half nutrition is going to be weak and the strength is going to come in the second half. So let's break it down. In human nutrition, as we mentioned, we've got a strong pipeline and actually customers are looking for more and more innovation, and that plays to our strengths, given our broad capabilities and our suite of ingredients. So we see a very robust pipeline, double-digit increase in pipeline and increasing win rates. So that's point number one. Point number two is that destocking effects should neutralize, we expect inventory levels to come back to regular levels. And then the third is also you relate the demand fulfillment challenges, which we experienced mainly in the back half of last year. We are working through that. We need to expect most of these issues to be resolved in the second half of this year. So a combination of a very strong pipeline, less destocking, as well as less demand fulfillment challenges gives us confidence for back half loaded growth and human nutrition. We'll still have growth in the second quarter. We expect maybe mid single-digit growth in the second quarter. So you can see the progress roughly flat in Q1, mid single-digit growth in Q2, and the back half should be significantly higher versus the back half of last year, which was challenged by demand fulfillment. Then on animal nutrition on the pet side, we still have double-digit growth in pipeline, so we see that category continue to be strong if you remember, we signal demand fulfillment challenges also in pet. We expect also that to be addressed over the course of this year, mainly in the second half, we are expecting some new capacity also to come online in the second half for pet. So we feel pretty good about pet. On the animal nutrition side, that's been challenged because we had significant contribution from amino acids in Q1, Q2, and also Q3 of last year. So we are lapping those margins, so it's going to take time and that's why it's going to be back half loaded. We also see weakness generally in feed demand as feed customers are looking at reformulation and consumers are going from higher value protein to lower value protein, but we are taking actions while volume is anticipated, be flat to slightly lower. We are working to improve margins by very, very targeted cost actions and as well as go-to-market actions that I referenced. So we feel good about the back half on animal nutrition from a turnaround perspective. So that's the reason why nutrition is shaping up to be a second half story for the reasons I cited, but we feel strong and good about the 10% plus constant currency OP growth in nutrition for 2023.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead, Ben. Your line is now open.
Ben Theurer: Perfect. Thank you very much and Vikram and Juan, congrats on the results.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ben.
Ben Theurer: So my questions just coming back a little bit to the ag service and oilseeds business, and I wanted to dig in a little more detail if you could share your outlook as it relates to the service piece of the equation, which obviously has been a very strong performer and we continue to see like the global disruption, but you're seeing some signs of improvements. I just want to understand how you feel about the renewal of the Russia, Ukraine grain deal but also in context with everything that's shaping up in the world, the demand versus the supply side, and where you see buckets of opportunity, maybe some market share gains and what are the risks particularly to your current outlook. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you, Ben. A full question there. So listen, ag service has delivered another very, very strong quarter this year. It was strong in South America, it was strong in North America. It was strong at the global trade through all our destination marketing facilities. So when you look at the Q2, of course, in Q1 we were able to export a little bit more than maybe Brazil couldn't do it because of some of the rains and the delays. We think that in Q2 and Brazil will probably take over being the large crop that they have and the cheapest origin. Destination marketing was still holding margins there. It is an important activity around the world. You describe the risks associated. When we think about the year, the year hinges a lot in the recovery of demand in China lockdowns, the ups and downs of the crops around the world. We still have to deal with an Argentine disaster in terms of crops, and with the Brazil that has very strong crop. That is creating changes in the trade flows. So all of a sudden, we are sending beans from the U.S. to Europe to transform into biodiesel and bringing the biodiesel back, but also Brazil is sending beans to Argentina; Brazil, maybe sending a little bit of both or beans here. So there is a lot of changes in that, and that's ADM normally takes advantage of our huge footprint and normally our footprint and our ability to execute on those trade flows become an advantage. So you're going to see that in ag services around the year. I said there are two pivoting things this year. One is, again China demand coming out of lockdown. The second is the ability of Ukraine to continue to export as we have been doing during since August last year. Of course, the corridor has been renewed as ADM, we will always do our best to make sure that that continuous and export source for the Ukrainians, remember that that part of the world owns 25% of all the black rich soil in the world. So it's a very important condition  very important production area. So the corridor has been renewed, but of course, there are differences between Ukrainians view and Russian views at this point in time. And unfortunately, we have seen over the last week at the inspection of vessels being reduced to maybe a few days per week. So we remain hopeful and we remain ready to help to do this. I think that what we need to think fundamentally, the corridor is all about the availability of bringing that production. What I worry or the accessibility better said, what I worry is about the availability of the crop. This prolonged conflict is hurting the Ukrainian farmers and is hurting the Russian farmers. Both are dealing with issues, and I think that the expectation should be the conflict not resolved for production out of this area to come lower over the coming years, regardless of the export corridor. So I think, again, short-term and accessibility issue, long-term or medium-term, I worry more about availability and creating the pockets of tension again.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Andrew Strelzik from BMO Capital Markets. Andrew, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. My first one is on the refined products segment, which came in much, much stronger than we anticipated. And when I look at the dynamics that you called out on biodiesel and some of the other things, it seems like a lot of those are still very much in place. Is it possible that that is a more sustainable, I guess not run rate, but more achievable again in the second quarter? Are there things that have changed that would prevent that from happening?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Andrew. I think we feel pretty good or that we will execute very well in this segment and probably exceed last year's performance. We have good visibility given the book that we have. So demand continues to be there strong and we continue to execute well. We see the margins and they continue to be there with us. So there has been some comments about maybe a slower ramp up of some facilities. It's very difficult to predict, the ramp up of specific facilities, but when you look at all the data, you see all that material coming, soybean oil will continue to be a key feedstock for this. It's impossible to develop all this industry without the participation of soybean oil. Now we have a path for canola oil to get to that source. U.S. biodiesel production was up 8% in Q1. Renewable diesel production was up like 61% versus the previous year. We continue to flex our system to be able to bring biodiesel from Europe to benefit the U.S. industry. And as I said before, we expect a year that will be better than last year. And given the affordable book that we have, we have visibility into that. So we feel very confident about this, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead, Ben. Your line is now open.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thank you so much for taking the question. Good morning, everybody.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ben,
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask about the starches and sweeteners business. You called out strong core results, good volumes and good margins. Obviously the segment was weighed on by weaker ethanol results. Could you talk a little bit about the overall backdrop that you're seeing through the balance of the year and would operating profit have been up in the first quarter, excluding the headwinds from ethanol?
Vikram Luthar: Well, so on starches and sweeteners, you're right. Let's break it down. The liquid sweetener part of the portfolio, we see resilient demand and strong margins given the good contracting we had last year, and we also see increased volumes from Mexico, which helps the business. The other thing that should help over the course of the year is higher sugar prices. While, you know, we don't have a lot of spot business, but to the extent we do that should be supportive of margins and the liquid sweetener side of the portfolio. The specialty side, we are seeing strong margins, but some softness in the volumes. That's also part of sweeteners and starches. In the biosolutions, when you think about the mix of the portfolio, we are moving more and more towards the BioSolutions business. And that had very strong performance consistently over the last few years and again in Q1 with 20-plus percent growth in revenue and anticipated to continue at that clip for the course of this year. So at a high level Sweeteners and Starches, good volumes and robust margins, so it should give us confidence that we'll have a very good year again in 2023. Now with respect to ethanol, that remains the most volatile part of our portfolio, Q1 was soft. We think Q2 is going to be a little better, although lower than Q2 of last year. We had the biofuel tax credit, which we referenced, which will not repeat. But we also see some green shoots on the ethanol side. We are more constructive about the outlook of ethanol for the rest of the year. Why, for a few reasons. One is, we see ethanol stock levels coming off their peaks from earlier in Q1. Two, we continue to see good export demand. Think about what's happening even in Japan and India. So our export demand should be in the 1.2 billion, 1.4 billion gallons, which is consistent with what we saw last year. We also see higher blending rates. I think blend rates have trended slightly up. Gasoline demand continues to be strong given the strong blend economics. So in short, while we think ethanol will likely be low from an absolute margin perspective versus last year, we're still constructive generally for the rest of the year. So overall, we see a pretty strong year for Carbohydrate Solutions business.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Eric Larson from Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Eric Larson: Yes. Good morning everybody, and congratulations on a good quarter.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Eric. Good morning.
Eric Larson: So this probably comes  I can't remember the last time I actually asked an ethanol question, but my  one of my questions today is on ethanol. So the outlook going into 2024, actually looks better because we now have  we now have a year potentially, hopefully, year-end or year-round E15 blending, which I know it's a disappointment, it's in 2024, not '20  starting in 2023, but that could consume another 1.5 billion or 2 billion bushels of corn. So the outlook for ethanol, this year I appreciate Vikram's comments. But wouldn't you expect maybe that your demand would be better starting in 2024? And now you'll have some confidence that the retailers can put infrastructure in and put the pumps in for E15. So is that too optimistic on my part?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Eric, let me take you a little bit higher because the gyrations of ethanol up and down sometimes get confused, but we invest for the long-term here. So fundamentally if you think about the last IPCC [ph] report, it strongly argue that it's going to be difficult for humanity to stay in the 1.5 degree hitting that we should try to achieve based on the Paris agreement. If you think about that, then adaptation is what all companies and all governments are thinking about. Biofuels and bioproducts like biomaterials or biosolutions are a key part of that adaptation. So whether it's ethanol  whether it's ethanol getting in a pathway to SAF, whether it's renewable green diesel, whether it is biodiesel that's going to be a big part of the future. And ADM's strong position in that and competitive advantage will shine through. We see the same thing as we position ourselves for biosolutions or biomaterials. Again, this is just  you're going to see governments, you're going to see companies, you're going to see everybody having to work together to achieve this energy transition, if you will, and to be able to keep climate change to a level that is manageable. But you have to think biofuels will be an important part of the future. U.S. will be a key player in biofuel and ADM will be absolutely in a strong position to deliver on that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Manav Gupta from UBS. Please go ahead, Manav. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta: Quick question guys. Help us understand just a little bit what caused the crush margins to come in so sharply. We entered this year thinking a lot of new RD capacity will start up and soybean prices will actually move up. They've actually moved down. Was it like too much prebuying happening in 4Q? What caused this pullback in soybean oil prices? And then vegetables, so as we look at the vegetable oil prices, refined product prices are still at a significant premium to unrefined which technically benefits you a lot. So your outlook for the spread between refined and refined vegetable oils? Thank you.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. So on the crush margins, as Juan noted, clearly, as you can also see in the curve right now, Q2 looks soft. And the reason is because of the expectation of a certain delay in renewable green diesel capacity. Just to be clear, we remain confident that renewable green diesel capacity is going to increase by about 1 billion gallons in 2023. The time line has just been pushed back to the second half of this year. So therefore, you see a little bit of softness in the nearby as a consequence of that. The other aspect is also related to what's happening in Argentina. In Argentina, there given  there's more beans given what's happened with the soy dollar for at least part of Q2, there's more crush capacity, if you may, that's coming online, and that's also helping reduce a little bit of the nearby crush. What's going to happen in Argentina by May or June time frame, they're going to run out of beans. So that export is not going to be available. So that should be supportive of crush margins beyond Q2. And that's why you see the slight inverse in the curve in the nearby and then recovering in the back half of the year. So that's really all that happened. It was transitory, nothing that is more than that is the delay in renewable green diesel capacity as well as what's happening in Argentina  in Argentina.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Steven Haynes from Morgan Stanley. Steven, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Steven Haynes: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on the carbon capture discussion earlier in the call and the plans to kind of triple the well capacity. Do you know kind of a time line for when that might be completed? And how much capital you're going to be putting behind that initiative?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So at the moment, we operate one well, we're going to activate the second well and then bring five new wells. Each well from a capital perspective is not a big burden. It's something about $15 million to $20 million per well depending on the cost of metals and all that. So we probably are in the high end of $20 million in the low end or something like $12 million to $15 million. The time line every time we need to have a well finished is about three months. So it's relatively quickly. The issue is you need to go through regulatory approvals and that's where we are working where government affairs team is working heavily with dedicator area and with some of the farmers in the area. So again, it could happen relatively quickly, probably within the next couple of years, if you will, not a big burden from a capital perspective, but will significantly increase our ability to pump CO2 underground. As I said, if today we have about 1 million tons, give or take per year, this will take us to 7 million, and it will be a significant boost to the decarbonization of Decatur and Decatur becoming through supplier of low-carbon intensity feedstocks for many industries.
Operator: Thank you. The next question today comes from the line of Ben Kallo from Baird. Please go ahead, Ben. Your line is now open.
Ben Kallo: Hey. Thank you, guys for taking my question. Maybe could we touch just going back to renewable diesel and crush capacity coming online? Could you just remind us about the North Dakota Facility? And if there's offtakes there or if we potentially get to a position when it comes online for the 2023 harvest where you're going to have excess crush capacity out there with others coming online and if there's further delays? And then maybe could you touch on just RVO and any kind of expectations around timing there and thoughts around if anything would be revised? Thank you guys.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ben. Thank you for the question. Yes, as you said, coming along with the development of the industry, ADM wants to be pressed bringing crush capacity. We're doing that, as you know in a partnership with an oil company. So they have the ability to move that product to make it into the fuel market. We have the responsibility to move, of course, the meal for which we've been working on. The plant is coming thankfully on time and on schedule to be with us by the harvest. So about the Q3, as I said in my remarks, the 150,000 tons bushels per day of crush capacity. We look at the industry. I always mentioned or I mentioned before that we look at this plant and project for two years to make sure that capacity was coming on stream prudently. We see now the industry. We see all the capacity that is coming, is all needed to be able to supply this I think the renewal diesel industry is still going to have an issue how to get feedstock for that. So that will be the issue for a while. I think that will make meal  U.S. meal very competitive in the world markets and the U.S. is planning to take share, we are part of that plan as well. So we feel comfortable about the cadence at which the plants are coming. Maybe some of our renewable diesel plants are coming a little bit slower than expected. Every project has its issues. Thankfully, ours is not delayed. But if others are, I think it's going to facilitate a little bit the digestion of all this capacity that is coming because we need to get the fit for that. I think Vikram will cover the second part of your question on RVOs.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. As you know, Ben, in December the RVO proposal that came out was largely constructive for the biofuels industry and we appreciated the multiyear proposal as well as the strong support for conventional ethanol. We, however, did note in our testimony and written comments to the EPA, the opportunity for improvement in the advanced category of biomass-based diesel. And it's important to note that does not, in any way change our assessment of the strong renewable diesel capacity growth this year and beyond. And this is going to come out in June. We expect that the EPA is going to consider the feedback they've got from the industry, and we are constructive about what that outlook is going to look like. But nevertheless, we are confident about the growth of the renewable diesel capacity and the ongoing benefit and impact for crush margins going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question today comes from the line of Salvator Tiano from Bank of America. Please go ahead, Salvator. Your line is now open.
Salvator Tiano: Yes. Thank you very much. I want to go back to the Ag Service segment and understand a couple of things. So firstly, when I go back to the transcript last quarter, your initial expectations were for earnings to be down versus last year, if I remember correctly. And instead, they were up 35%. So, you mentioned a lot of dislocations but I just want to understand what actually differed versus your January expectations firstly for Q1? And secondly, you made the comment that Q2 earnings for Ag Services will be lower year-on-year. And I think that's pretty much what everybody expected given the situation with Ukraine last year. I just want to frame a little bit with regard to Q1 where you may $350 million profit. How do you expect Q2 Ag Services to be versus Q1? And especially given that Brazil is still selling  farmers have still sold far less soybeans than last year. Does this mean that you can see a very big boost in Q2 from these  from these trade flows? Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Salvator, for the question. So as you said, Ag Services has a very, very good first quarter. This team continues to deliver and outperform sometimes on our own expectations. If you think about global trade and all the issues around the world sometimes are difficult to estimate, if you will but our team with their ability to connect, if you will origins with destinations and especially with the investments that we have made over the years on destination markets and allow us to capture more volume at higher margins than maybe in the past. They have had also a very disciplined risk management and very effective one, which we expect from them, but sometimes it's not that easy to deliver in this volatile world. Great execution in Australia, great execution on the Black Sea, origination program and again a solid margins at destination. South America were probably another bright point for us. They capture higher volumes and margins. We were very well positioned on a crop that was very large and on a farmer that was undersold. So we position ourselves properly, and we get the rewards from that. And North America benefited from a strong risk management and a strong bean export programs. Again, Brazil was a little bit delay with some of the rains and all that in terms of their harvest. So the U.S. extended the window a little bit more. Now Brazil, we think  if you think about second quarter and what we're predicting it to be a little bit lower is we're not going to have  if you think about second quarter last year, the same volatility that we have because of Ukraine at that point in time. And the world was starting and the world was a little bit stunned on what we do now. Now we know what do we do? We have channels to export; the product is flowing for the most part. As I warned in my previous question, I think we're more worried about the productivity of the farmers of Ukraine and Russia eventually later on. But I think for this year, we have the ability to export that. We expect robust North American corn exports until Brazil second con crop is available. And then I think that North America will lap until Brazil run out of core. So we have lower North American soy exports expected in the second quarter because Brazil will take that place. So it's a little bit the shift if you will. And the decrease of that shift to be honest, Salvator sometimes are marked by the logistics issues. Brazil has a large corn crop and soybean crop, and it needs to be able to move that to the ports and being able to ship it. And then you have the Ukraine issue we discussed before. So those are the puts and takes. In general, as I said, the unit is performing very well, performed exceptionally well in the first quarter. We expect them to perform stronger in the second quarter, but maybe not as strong as second quarter last year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to pass the conference over to Megan Britt for closing remarks.
Megan Britt: Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any additional questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ADM Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Thank you. Hello and welcome to the fourth quarter earnings webcast for ADM. Starting tomorrow, a replay of this webcast will be available on our Investor Relations website. Please turn to Slide 2, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect managements current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the presentation. To the extent permitted, under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On todays webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will discuss our full year accomplishments and share detail on our priorities for 2023. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review the drivers of our financial performance at the segment level and review our cash generation and capital allocation results. Juan will have closing remarks regarding our planning framework for 2023 and then he and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan. This morning, we reported very strong fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.93. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.7 billion. Our full year adjusted EPS of $7.85, adjusted segment operating profit of $6.6 billion, and trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC of 13.6% demonstrate once again the great work of our global team of dedicated colleagues who manage unprecedented market disruptions to deliver an outstanding year. Our full year operating cash flow before working capital was $5.3 billion. This strong cash flow and the disciplined management of our balance sheet allow us to continue to reinvest in our business, with $1.3 billion in capital expenditures and return cash to shareholders. In total, we returned $2.3 billion to our shareholders in the forms of dividends and share repurchases in 2022. Next slide, please. With the expectation of continued strong cash flow, today, we are announcing a 12.5% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.45 per share. We are proud of our record of 91 years of uninterrupted dividends and 50 consecutive years of annual dividend increases. And Id like to thank our shareholders for their continued support of ADM. Next slide, please. When I examine 2022, our ability to drive structural growth in earnings and improvement in ROIC was supported by key strategic accomplishments across the enterprise, particularly the progress we made on our productivity and innovation objectives. Our productivity work in 2022 included enhancing our operational resilience, including through stabilizing our plant operations and streamlining our operating systems. In order to meet growing customer demand and drive efficiencies, we delivered multiple projects to enhance our operational footprint, from modernization to improving and scheduled downtime to capacity expansions. We completed our Marshall, Minnesota modernization, opened a new mill house in Clinton, completed our Quincy refinery expansion and improved output and yields at our Rondonopolis diesel plant in Brazil. We also continued to optimize our North American milling footprint. As you know, we also introduced a new $1 billion challenge in 2022. There is no clearer demonstration of how our colleagues and culture are driving returns than the fact that thousands of ADM team members from around the globe took the initiative, step up and identified opportunities that unlocked more than $1.6 billion in cash in 2022. On innovation, our accomplishments include a focus on capturing the benefits of organic growth investments and M&A as we continue to get closer to our customers and extend our capabilities to meet growing global demand for our products. Our Nutrition business continued to outpace the industry, with 18% constant currency revenue growth for the full year. We delivered an impressive 26% in year-over-year revenue growth in BioSolutions. The portfolio of acquisitions we made in the prior year continued to deliver OP above our financial projections and we advanced targeted production capacity expansions to meet growing customer demand. We announced expansions of our alternative protein capabilities in Decatur, Illinois, and starch production in Marshall, Minnesota. We completed our alternative protein expansion in Serbia and are able to launch our expanded probiotic capacity in Valencia, Spain. And we continue to expect our joint venture crush and refining facility in North Dakota to be operational by this years harvest. Slide 6 please. Now lets look ahead. We have a robust plan for driving enduring value creation in 2023 and beyond. In productivity, our work has a common theme, changing the way we work by standardizing, digitizing and automating our manufacturing plants and our offices alike. I previously mentioned our successful Marshall modernization. That was the blueprint for our wider work to unlock value across our production footprint through enhanced automation, more sophisticated control systems and the increased use of analytics. We have now approved the scope for the first 2 years of the program, encompassing 18 manufacturing facilities. We continue to expect double-digit returns from this important initiative. And we are continuing to advance 1ADM, which is enabling us to improve our processes and expand capabilities across the value chain. 2022 was an important year for our 1ADM business transformation. We completed several rollouts and we are seeing benefits in areas ranging from indirect procurement to go-to-market strategies to grain merchandising. In 2023, we will continue to expand the breadth and scope of this work, which is empowering our businesses to deliver profitable revenue growth and higher margins. Next, we are focused on maintaining our structural growth momentum via our innovation work. As you might recall, we have spoken in the past about our strategic growth platforms: sustainability, differentiated grain, alternative proteins, BioSolutions, microbial solutions and microbiome modification. These growth opportunities go through a natural evolution. When new, we launch them at the corporate level. As they mature, they become more embedded in our businesses. Differentiated grain is now firm part of our Ag Services and Oilseeds segments everyday work. BioSolutions is growing within carbohydrate solutions. Alternative proteins and microbiome are pillars of nutrition. With these efforts maturing in the businesses, we are able to focus on other opportunities. One of the most important is decarbonization, which is a critical component of our sustainability growth platform and is driving the evolution of our carbohydrate solutions business. Our goal is to reduce the carbon intensity of our assets and value chain in order to be the preferred partner in low-carbon intensity feedstocks for a growing demand base. We have made several announcements to mark milestones towards this goal in recent years, including our regenerative agriculture efforts, which enrolled 1 million unique acres over the past year; our Strive 35 goals; our initiatives to connect and expand our carbon capture and storage capabilities; and our heat and energy project indicator. We are looking at multiple other pathways to reducing our carbon intensity, like more sustainable energy sources for our facilities. And our efforts arent just in the U.S. We have plans for other regions as well, including some EMEA projects we hope to speak about in the future. All of these projects contribute to our ability to offer low carbon intensity feedstocks and that is allowing us to continue to advance our work to transition our dry mills to produce sustainable aviation fuel; help scale up the scaled food products with new sustainable attributes, like the ingredients we will sell to Pepsi from the regenerative agriculture agreement we announced last year, and propelled the expansion of BioSolutions with joint ventures like with LG Chem. And even as we advance our decarbonization plan, we are always looking at new ways to help solve our worlds challenges for food security, health and well-being and sustainability. For example, we are continuing to explore opportunities around precision fermentation, which we used to call microbial solutions, in which microbes rapidly grown in fermenters fed by dextrose, transform the sugars into a wide variety of products for food, feed and fiber. Thats a longer term horizon for ADM, but it gives us a hint of the kind of opportunities we see in the years ahead. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram?
Vikram Luthar: Thank you, Juan. Please turn to Slide 7. The Ag Services and Oilseeds team capped off an outstanding year with substantially higher year-over-year results in Q4. Ag Services results were higher than the fourth quarter of 2021. Low water conditions reduced North American export volumes, partially offset by the South American team, which executed well to deliver higher margins and volumes. Global trade results were lower than the strong fourth quarter of 2021 with lower ocean freight results partially offset by higher results in EMEA origination and destination marketing. The business benefited from a $110 million legal recovery related to the 2019 and 2020 closure of the Reserve Louisiana Export facility. Crushing results were more than double those of the prior year period. In North America, strong export volumes for soybean meal and growing domestic demand for renewable diesel contributed to strong margins. In EMEA, oil demand powered strong rapeseed margins more than offsetting higher energy costs compared to the prior year. Expanding margins drove negative timing impacts in the quarter of approximately $40 million. RPO results were significantly higher year-over-year as the business continued to execute well to meet demand for food oil, renewable diesel in the U.S. and biodiesel globally. Equity earnings from Wilmar were much higher versus the fourth quarter of 2021. Looking ahead, we expect AS&O results for Q1 to remain strong, similar to last years very strong quarter led by continued strength in crush margins and RPO. Ag Services is likely to be lower year-over-year, particularly in light of very strong global trade results in the prior year quarter. Slide 8, please. Carbohydrate Solutions had a strong 2022, with full year results higher than 2021. For the quarter, results were substantially lower than the fourth quarter of 2021 due to pressured industry ethanol margins. The starches and sweeteners sub-segment, which includes ethanol production from our wet mills, delivered much higher year-over-year results. The North America business delivered solid volumes and strong margins in both starches and sweeteners, partially offsetting lower ethanol margins. The EMEA team effectively managed risk and delivered improved results on better margins in a continued dynamic environment. The global wheat milling business delivered higher margins driven by solid customer demand. Vantage Corn Processors results were substantially lower as higher ethanol inventory levels pressured margins especially compared to the very strong margin environment in the fourth quarter of 2021. Looking at the first quarter for Carbohydrate Solutions, we expect continued solid demand and strong margins for starches, sweeteners and wheat flour. Ethanol margins are currently pressured due to high industry inventory levels. If industry stocks come back down, results for the quarter could be similar to Q1 of 2022. If margins remain pressured, results would likely be lower. On Slide 9, the Nutrition business continued its strong growth trajectory in 2022. ADM demonstrated that it remains the provider of choice in Nutrition for systems as our growing pipeline and continued strong win rates delivered full year revenue growth of 18% on a constant currency basis. The business continued to outperform industry growth levels and delivered 11% higher profits for the full year on a constant currency basis. For the fourth quarter, revenues grew 11% on a constant currency basis. Q4 operating profits were significantly lower than the prior year quarters. Human Nutrition results were lower than those of the fourth quarter of 2021. Flavors results were similar to the prior year as strong revenue growth helped offset demand fulfillment challenges. Specialty Ingredients continued to see strong demand for its product portfolio, including plant-based proteins, offset by inventory adjustments. Health & Wellness was higher year-over-year, driven primarily by the bioactives portfolio, including the results from the Deerland acquisition. Animal results were substantially lower than the prior year quarter, primarily due to the lower margins in amino acids, driven by recovery in the global supply of lysine. Pet Nutrition volumes were lower in Latin America, partially driven by demand fulfillment challenges. Feed results were stronger driven by APAC and Latin America partially offset by the impact of softer demand in EMEA. As we look ahead, we expect overall Nutrition results in Q1 to be lower than the prior years record first quarter, with Human Nutrition delivering similar year-over-year results on strong flavors and SI growth and lower Animal Nutrition results primarily due to weaker margins in amino acids. I want to take a moment to expand on our view of Nutrition in 2023. Nutrition is expected to continue on a positive growth trajectory for full year 2023, including 10% plus profit growth and a similar level of revenue growth. The growth is likely to be led by Human Nutrition and to be weighted in the back half of the year as the first half will see headwinds in Animal Nutrition due to the continued impacts of weaker margins in amino acids and because we will see increasing recovery in demand fulfillment as we move through the year. Slide 10, please. Other business results for Q4 was significantly higher than the prior years fourth quarter. Higher short-term interest rates drove improved earnings in ADM investor services, and captive insurance experienced favorable underwriting results and lower claim settlements versus the prior year. In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $299 million were higher year-over-year due primarily to higher IT operating and project-related costs and higher costs in the companys centers of excellence related to growth initiatives. Other corporate was favorable versus the prior year primarily due to higher contributions from foreign currency-related hedge activity and lower railroad maintenance expense. Corporate results also included losses related to the mark-to-market adjustment on the Wilmar exchangeable bond and severance totaling $6 million. Net interest expense for the quarter increased year-over-year on higher interest rates. We expect corporate cost for 2023 to be around $1.5 billion, driven primarily by inflation and higher interest expense. Other business performance should be higher than 2022, offsetting a significant portion of the increased corporate costs as higher interest rates positively impact our ADM IS business. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2022 was approximately 16% compared to 21% in the prior year. The decreased rate was driven primarily by changes in the geographic mix of pretax earnings in addition to lower discrete tax expense versus the prior year. Our full year adjusted tax rate was 17%. For 2023, we expect our adjusted tax rate to be between 16% and 19%. Next slide, please. Year-to-date operating cash flows before working capital of $5.3 billion are up significantly versus $3.9 billion over the same period last year. Our net debt to total capital ratio is about 25%, and we continue to have ample available liquidity. Our strong cash flows and balance sheet have enabled continued investment in the business, with $1.3 billion in capital expenditures for the full year. We currently plan to maintain capital expenditures at about $1.3 billion in 2023 and continue to have significant financial capacity to pursue strategic growth objectives. We have been continuing to return capital to shareholders. We distributed $900 million in dividends and repurchased almost $1.5 billion of shares in 2022. We are planning $1 billion in opportunistic buybacks for 2023, subject to other strategic uses of capital. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. Next slide, please. 2022 was a truly outstanding year for ADM. As we look forward to 2023, we expect another very strong year. There are a number of market factors that we see as relevant for shipping our performance. We still see tightness in supply and demand balances in key products and regions. We see strong demand for vegetable oil, driven largely but robust demand for biodiesel and renewable diesel. Resilient food demand should drive higher volumes and margins in starches, sweeteners and wheat milling. We see continued strong demand for ethanol, including positive discretionary blending economics. And as Vikram mentioned, we expect 10% plus constant currency OP growth from Nutrition. We have a strong playbook powered by our deep expertise and our unparalleled footprint and capabilities to manage a dynamic market environment. Our healthy balance sheet provides ongoing optionality as we continue to pull the levers under our control to deliver results. And we expect positive contributions from productivity and innovation initiatives across the company that will help us drive value in 2023. Taken together, we expect to deliver another very strong year in 2023. With that, Bailey, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: So I want to ask in the Nutrition segment. Your guidance, I think, Juan, you said 10% growth in constant currency. Two questions I have. One is at the current exchange rate levels, what would that imply in just a reported growth rate? And then secondarily, just thinking strategically, youre talking about some of the expansions that youre making in organic growth investment. What does your appetite for M&A look like in that segment? And how fertile is the landscape for potential M&A?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ben. Listen, that business has been a very successful story at the customer level for many, many years. We continue to drive higher growth rates than the industry we participate in. So that has not changed, the robust pipeline growth there, and we have achieved all that then through a very disciplined strategy of bolt-on acquisitions and organic growth. So we did 4 bolt-ons in 2021. We took the time in 2022 to integrate them and digest them. At the same time, in 2022, we started many projects that I highlighted in my initial comments on organic growth. So I would say that will be the pattern that you should expect to us. I mean we have stated many years in our balanced capital allocation, and in this nutrition pace, if you will, of bolt-on and M&A and taking some time to digest some of those things. Very pleased to report that the four acquisitions we made in 2021 are executing or delivering ahead of their business model. So were not planning to change the pace or the strategy that we have had so far. The projects that we are making selective expansions on or bringing to life soon are all going well even despite the long time  long lead time equipment and sometimes you face in the industry. Weve done that in anticipation of all that. So we feel very good about being able to support, with capacity, the growth in demand that we see in the marketplace from our participations.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. And the question on the constant currency versus reported any color you can offer there at current exchange rates?
Vikram Luthar: Yes. So effectively, Ben, we dont assume a lot of change in currency for 2023. Yes, youve seen some weakness in the U.S. dollar, but you can assume that, even on a reported basis right now, we assume similar growth rates in OP.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. Can I ask one follow-up or is that too greedy?
Juan Luciano: Go ahead, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. I actually want to shift gears a little bit and pivots to Starches and Sweeteners, that business was fantastic in the quarter. Your forward commentary sounded quite constructive as well. Could you give us a little bit more color on how you see that evolving into 2023? And do you think you can achieve margin expansion there?
Vikram Luthar: So based on the customer contracting weve seen in the Sweeteners and Starches portfolio, Ben, we do see strong volumes and margins. And with the improved mix, we talked about BioSolutions expansion, we actually have 26% year-on-year growth, and BioSolution margin remained very robust. And with the improved mix we actually see a potential, in the Sweeteners and Starches business, to have higher volumes and margins in 2023. Clearly, ethanol remains uncertain and weve seen recently inventory levels remain high, and thats actually pretty similar to January of last year as well. But were still constructive in terms of outlook for ethanol, given whats happening with the RVO framework, the fact that gasoline demand is expected to be roughly flat versus 2022, blending economics remain very favorable. And frankly, export volume should be similar to last year, around 1.4 billion gallons. So thats a quick snapshot of our outlook for 2023.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Hi, yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: So I wanted to hopefully tie together some of the forward comments that you made and see just to help calibrate kind of us on the net impact of that at the earnings level. So Nutrition is going to have kind of 10% constant currency profit growth, not much FX right now. Other  and other and corporate and interest kind of basically seemingly netting out to roughly flat year-over-year. Tax rate, flat to maybe up slightly year-over-year. So I guess the two pieces of the puzzle that are missing from their Ag Services and Oilseeds profit in Carbohydrate Solutions. I think ethanol remains somewhat of a wildcard on carbohydrates, although the rest of Starches and Sweeteners, you sound generally constructive. So can you help us, Juan, Vikram, just thinking about kind of a range of outcomes on Ag Services and Oilseeds based on where crush margins are today kind of assuming, lets say, an average U.S. crop, no enormous supply dislocation coming out of the U.S. in the second half of the year? Just how kind of the profit outlook would be tracking in Ag Services and Oilseeds, and if there is anything else on a year-on-year basis, you want us to be considering, that would be really helpful.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Adam. I think you captured the situation well. I think we continue to see a very strong margin environment in Ag Services and Oilseeds. 2022, we hit in all cylinders. I think that every piece of our business hit records. When we look at the 2023, we continue to see very strong demand. If you look at North America, North America had a strong meal demand and certainly very strong domestic demand for oil, driven by all the factors, driven by sustainability that you know. We see a strong potential for crush margins in Europe, given the bad crop in Argentina and the fact that Europe will continue to export biodiesel to the U.S. given the need that we have here. So all in all, we continue to see strength. Certainly, RPO, were going to see the strong demand. Biodiesel and all that is going  were seeing strong margins and very good volumes for next year. We do have visibility into this  into the next year, given our book, so we feel good about that business. As Vikram mentioned in the commentary may be Ag Services that were planning it a little bit slower than last year, given the exceptional results that we had last year. And  but as difficult as it is to pinpoint a number, Adam, given that we have China uncertainty, war that has been going on for a year and, certainly, weather events, that we still need to build the U.S. crop, and we still need to finish the Latin American crops. I would say we favor more range scenarios. And in the range of scenarios, 2023, falls into a very strong range for us. So I dont know  I will not venture to pinpoint a specific number, but certainly strong range. When you go to Carb Solutions, when we talk to our customers, demand for the products is stable. Weve been able to have strong margins in all that, whether its sweeteners and starches or whether its wheat milling. When we look at BioSolutions, it continues to grow, like 26% of revenue. And then we see EBITDA margins in the 20% for that business, which is a very profitable business that is growing their contribution into Carb Solutions as part of the total UP. So that is a business that Vikram called the question mark of  the more volatile part of it probably is ethanol. And thats  right now, like a little bit like in the last year, we start with this time of the year with low margins. And  but we think that were going to have very good incentive for people to blend ethanol, the numbers are there. RINs balances are tight, will encourage people to blend. So I think that given the prices that they have, I think that expecting export in the range of 1.4 billion to 1.5 billion gallons per year is reasonable. And you saw these days, Petrobras in Brazil, increasing the gasoline prices by 7%, so they are going to be less flow from there to here in all these. So were still planning for a little bit softer, maybe Carb Solutions in light of our ethanol forecast. But conditions are  could change in ethanol and it could make it a close year. So all in all, we continue to see a very strong year for 2023.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Ben Theurer: Thank you very much. Good morning, Juan. Good morning, Vikram.
Juan Luciano: Hi, Ben.
Vikram Luthar: Good morning.
Ben Theurer: Just wanted to quickly follow-up on the Nutrition dynamics you seen in the fourth quarter and how that translated into 1Q and somehow if you could frame it for that medium-term growth algorithm youve laid out a little over a year ago during your Capital Markets update. So fair to assume that there was obviously a lot of specific issues around fulfillment, some very specific demand items that kind of impacted in the fourth quarter, and you expect this, obviously, to continue into the first half and then recover into the second half. Now clearly, the 10% youve laid out and what youve talked about of growth in 2023 is kind of below the algorithm. So can you help us frame how 23 kind of fits within your 25 strategy and where you want to go? Is that just a small dip can then be recovered? Or would you need some M&A to get back on track to the target of 1.2 at least by 2025, so that we understand how to think about the specific headwinds that can potentially be offset versus what might be more of a structural challenge within Nutrition?
Vikram Luthar: Yes, Ben, in terms of Q4, the issues that affected Q4, Id say, are kind of a little more temporary, right, that we think we will be able to work through over the course of 2023, as I talked about. Specifically, whats important for you to know that the demand is very, very strong, right? So that is  we talked about the strongest-ever pipeline in the Human Nutrition business and very strong win rates. So across every category that we play in, almost weve got strong demand. Yes, there is some softening in certain parts of the business, right? We are aware of dietary supplements that being a little softer. Plant-based protein growth may moderate a bit from the pace weve seen historically. But nevertheless, our growth has been very strong in Human Nutrition. The challenge weve had is the demand fulfillment. Thats going to take us a while to address and overcome. Animal Nutrition, on the other hand, we benefited from strong margins in lysine, but in Q4, the compression in margins were sharper and faster than we expected, and thats going to continue over the course of 2023. So weve got to offset that plus drive growth, and thats what gives us a slightly below trend line growth for 2023 around 10% plus. Having said that, the outlook remains robust. And maybe, Juan, do you want to talk about the 2025 perspective?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Vikram. Ben, listen, I think we have been  you have been witnessing how we built this nutrition business over the years. This is a business that, if I take over the last 3 years, it has been growing OP by 20%, CAGR if you will. So, its a business that we continue to add layers of capabilities so we can continue to win at the customer front, whether it is we go from individual ingredients to systems, where we bring functionality to those systems through bioactives, whether we bring sustainability benefits to that through our decarbonization or regen Ag. So, we continue to add layers to continue to help customers excel at the consumer level. And we see that in our win rates, and we see that in our pipeline. So, we have visibility into that. As Vikram said, maybe some of the categories soften a little bit, but our ability to gain share, to win faster than those categories, has been demonstrated. I think this year, we grew revenue significantly higher than the market. So, when we look forward, as I said in my  I think one of the earlier answers, we continue to expect bolt-on and M&A  bolt-on M&A and organic growth. We had four companies in 2021. We are building capabilities and new capacity in 2022 that we are going to see on the stream in 23, and we are going to continue to grow that. So, we havent deviated from our 2025 plan. And I dont think it will require massive M&A to achieve there. It will  you will see this steady state. But this is a business that we are building in the middle of a lot of volatility in the market. This is of course, versus the legacy ADM business, its more complex in the number of SKUs that we have, in the number of customers that we have, in the number of plants and categories that we manage. So, when supply chain issues happen or market volatility happen, its a little bit more complex to fix in this business. And thats why we expect a first half thats going to be a little bit subdued when you add the demand fulfillment issues and some of the capability building, with the fact that also lysine is coming down, if you will, in prices, at least for the moment. So, I would say nothing that deviated. Certainly, if you ask me personally, and I think the management team, are we happy with Q4, I mean of course, Q4 underperformed our own expectations. I mean thats nothing new for a business that, again, has been growing 20% per year CAGR. And  but we think that this is just a trajectory in the business that continued to win faster than what the market gives us at this point in time. We dont expect a deviation to our long-term plan at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today comes from the line of Manav Gupta from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta: Congrats on the beat and the dividend hike, shareholder returns matter and you have continuously rewarded your shareholders. My quick question here is, and you have kind of alluded to it also is we are seeing a lot of new capacity start up on the renewable diesel side. I think major projects starting up even last quarter. And then your outlook for both soybean oil and soybean meal, it seems pretty strong right now, any risks to that? And how do you see the year progressing from the perspective of both soybean oil and soybean meal?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Manav. Thank you for the question. We continued to see very strong demand across the world, not only for all the oils. I think that if you take the four oils, demand is running harder than production, if you will, globally. So, even I would say before renewable green diesel happened, we had already a tight balance sheet from an oils perspective, and that has continued. When you think about the capacity that renewable green diesel is installing, its going to have a huge pull in soybean oil. And we have found that there is  we have found relatively easy to place the mill in the export markets. And if you look at the market overall, the meal market is a market of like 175 million metric tons and growing. So, if you calculate by 2026, we need to have 20 million tons more soybean meal, just to catch up with the demand. And if you look at everything that we are building through the RGD and the capacity expansions, we are estimating about 15 million tons of supply on soybean meal. So, its still we have  we are still covered in only 75% of the expected soybean meal demand out there. So, we are looking at this as you can understand very carefully. Remember, as I always mentioned, it took us 2 years to assess Spiritwood and start building it. I am happy to report that is going to come online for the harvest. So, I would say we look at this, but the demand on both sides on the soybean meal and soybean oil clearly can support all this capacity. So, we continued to see an environment in which crush margins will be strong and highly supportive for many, many years.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Salvator Tiano: Yes. Thank you very much. This is Salvator Tiano filling in for Steve. So, firstly, I wanted to ask a little bit about China and specifically, you mentioned mill demand. So, a little bit short and long-term view. In the short-term, I guess the re-openings there, etcetera, do you see actually a positive momentum for demand for soybean meal or soybeans versus what you saw in the past couple of years with COVID zero? And then long-term actually is we have been reading how Chinese population dropped last year, essentially, it seems to have peaked much than its expected. And there are articles talking about what could be the long-term trajectory of food demand there, including protein demand and therefore, what would be the demand for feed. So, how are you seeing the long-term outlook in China for soybean meal and other products that you make?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you. Good questions. So, on the short-term part of the question, we see China will continue to increase imports. If you look at domestic grain prices are at historically high levels, especially now that we are  that they are reopening. Of course, a reopening of China could be a game changer for a variety of commodities, not just grains. We look at domestic vegetable oil stocks have been at relatively low levels. And we have seen, during the second half of 2022, an increase in domestic pork prices since, I would say, last spring. So, that prompted farmers to increase their herd. So, we see that demand in the short-term. But again, I think the variability here may be on the upside on how much of the reopening is bringing people to consumption. Of course, people have been in lockdown almost for 2 years in China. And there is a  you are going to find the same pent-up demand that we saw ourselves maybe since last year when everybody came out of COVID. So, I think at this point in time, short-term, China will be probably a positive upside, if anything, to our forecast. When you look at the long-term and the demographics of China that you described, probably about 50% of the Chinese population is middle class or what you will consider middle class, and they are in this process of increasing their protein consumption. But still historically, if you look at what the U.S., we consume about 270 pounds per year of proteins. China is at the 170 pounds per year level. So, they are still far from our level of consumption. And again, if you look at our lifestyles are converging slowly. So, you will expect their protein per capita consumption to grow significantly during this period. The other thing you need to remember is that we are still going to be 10 billion people in the planet by 2050, which is one of the issues that serves our  or drives our purpose, which is trying to increase the carrying capacity of the planet, trying to feed all that. And whether its in China or whether its in Africa or whether its in Southeast Asia, we are a global company, we have a global footprint, and you have seen us continue to expand our destination marketing footprint to serve customers around the world. So, we will serve  we will serve the feeding of growing population of the world, whether its in China or somewhere else. But as I said, I dont expect China to have a decline in the next probably two decades in terms of their demand for protein consumption.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. I was hoping to get a little more detail on your forward outlook for ASO. In the slides in the pack, you indicated that the front month board crush is at $75 a ton, and thats lower than where it was on your third quarter growth [ph]. Does that influence your outlook for forward crush and the fact that its come down a bit? And how can I relate that to what happened in calendar 22?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Rob, I couldnt hear you very well, but I get the gist of the question. So, listen, I think at this point in time  and as I said before, we have visibility for probably the first quarter and big part of the first half, 2023 will be another strong year for crush, certainly above the long-term guidance that we provided at our global Investor Day. We also are planning to have an improvement in our process volumes that given some of the operational resilience initiatives. And we are going to have Spiritwood online in Q4. And hopefully, by in a couple of  maybe in a couple of weeks and a month, we will resume crush in Paraguay. We continue to have good crush margins in Europe. Certainly, Europe will be helped by the small crop in Argentina. Also, I think energy prices have moderated a little bit in Europe given the warm summer. So, we are also shifting in Europe as much to soybean crush as we can as there is margin there. We are also going to have this year that we didnt have last year, better canola margins. Canola crush margins certainly and now that we have a Canadian crop, are more in the $120 to $140 per ton in North America, maybe $70 to $75 in Europe. So, I would say, we are having good crush rates. We are having good mill export demand in the U.S. We are having very strong soybean oil demand here in the U.S. So, I will say, in general, we dont see any clouds in the horizon for crush. The crush business will have a very strong year in 2023. As I have said before, Rob, I wouldnt pinpoint a specific number given the China reopening, given the issues in Ukraine that whether its not driving crush margins that may drive energy prices. And certainly, the crops, we are expecting that Brazil needs to have a big crop that will offset the decline in Argentina. And we hope that the U.S. will have a big crop as well, but we still need to go through the weather in both instances. So, again, I will just reiterate a very strong environment for crush as far as we can see.
Operator: The next question today comes from the line of Eric Larson from Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Eric Larson: Yes. Thanks. Thank you and congratulations on a great year, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Eric Larson: So, yes, my question comes down to, we have talked a lot about the bean markets globally and domestically here. But one of the big kind of hangovers right now in the grain market is corn demand. And obviously, I think Brazil is going to be running out of corn here pretty quickly. We may have seen some new Chinese demand coming in here for corn. But how do you look at  and we have been on competitive, I think just from a currency basis  from everything else. But could you talk a little bit, Juan, about the corn market and how you see the export situation with that particular commodity?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think you called it well. I think that when we had the low water levels in the Q4 that hurt us, of course, we lost some bean business. But the corn business basically is going to be with us until the crop in Brazil  the harvest in Brazil comes, so its like middle of the year. So, we see that as a very strong business in Ag services for North America. We also have, unfortunately, I think Ukraine Grain Association has come up with a statement that they dont believe corn for 23 will exceed 18 million tons, which is a far cry from the 29 million tons or 30 million tons that they used to produce or we expected. So, demand continues to be solid out there. And we still  as a world, we need Brazil to have a good crop. Of course, if there are rains and delay a little bit the harvest of soybeans, that may delay a little bit the planting of the next crop. But we hope that in your farm and everybodys farm, corn is growing strongly because we need it. And again, the U.S. will be exporting a lot of that from here until probably July.
Operator: The final question today comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thanks. Just wanted to ask about the press release that was out a couple of days ago about the new biostimulant of ADM released, the data for rating sold. And I know that you do have a business where you work with farmers to provide them fertilizers, etcetera. But I think this seems to be the first time that you are actually rolling out one of your own proprietary products. So, I am just trying to understand a little bit about your strategy here. Will you invest more in products for nutrition and crop protection, especially biologicals? And what do you think is the potential market and actually the earnings potential for ADM?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you for the question. Listen, I think that we continued to enlarge our relationships with customers, but also with farmers. And as we continue to increase our digital engagement with them, we also increased the bartering and exchange of many, many products. And we have a good relationship with farmers. We have the trust of the farmers, and so every now and then, they bring challenges to us. And I think the challenges of biologicals, if you will, given that we have some work in precision fermentation and things like that is, we are always interested in doing that. So, there is always division out there in ADM exploring and extending a little bit our franchises and our engagement. So, I wouldnt be surprised to see experiments or tests here and there. And we do that a lot. We do that in products at our B2C. We do that in products that are biologicals. We do that in products related to the farmer. And we continue to expand. These are things that, over the years, they turn out into big businesses. At one point in time, we started with destination market and now its a big part of our franchise. At one point in time, we started with BioSolutions and now we are making more $0.25 billion of EBITDA on that. At one point in time, we started with the differentiated grain that now we call regen Ag, and now we are in the million acres of that. So, I think its just the innovation part of ADM, and you are going to see green shoots at that. I am glad you are paying attention to that. And we are going to see expansion of those things into the future. So, thank you.
Megan Britt: So, with that, I think that was the last question for the call today. I would like to thank you for joining us. Please feel free to following up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ADM Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Megan Britt, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. Britt, you may begin.
Megan Britt: Thank you, Alex. Good morning, and welcome to ADMs third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of todays webcast will be available at adm.com. Please turn to slide 2, the Companys safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statement that reflects managements current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On todays webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and how were continuing to advance our strategy. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review the drivers of our performance as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Then Juan will make some final comments, and he and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. Ill now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Megan. This morning, we reported a strong third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.86. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.6 billion. Our trailing four-quarter adjusted EBITDA approached $6.6 billion, and our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 13%. Throughout the quarter, our 40,000 colleagues around the globe continued to deliver on our purpose by supporting the global food system and providing needed nutrition to billions. Global demand for our products remained robust, and our ability to meet customer needs demonstrated our teams expertise in managing dynamic market conditions as well as the unique benefits of our integrated global value chain and product portfolio. We continue to generate strong cash flows, which support the continued advancement of our strategy, including investments in new capabilities and growth engines across our three businesses and the return of capital to our shareholders. Next slide, please. Even as the team demonstrated superb day-to-day execution in the third quarter, we continued to make great progress on driving our strategic growth priorities. In each of our business segments, weve created and are continuing to build new growth engines that are aligned with enduring global trends. As demand for more sustainable produced low carbon intensity products continues to drive growth across our portfolio, our AS&O team signed a groundbreaking long-term strategic agreement with PepsiCo to enroll up to 2 million regenerative agricultural acres over the next 7.5 years. Ill be talking more about our regen ag efforts in a moment. Sustainability from demand for sustainable package into the ongoing energy transformation supported by policies like the inflation Reduction Act in the U.S. is also driving the evolution of our Carbohydrate Solutions business. In the third quarter, for example, we formally signed two joint ventures with LG Chem for U.S. production of lactic acid and polylactic acid for a variety of applications, including bioplastics. Both sustainability and food security are powering our growth in nutrition, including our continued investment in alternative proteins. In Q3, we advanced several alternative protein enhancements and expansions, including an agreement with Benson Hill for the exclusive rights to process and commercialize a portfolio of proprietary ingredients derived from their ultra-high protein soybeans. Each of these investments is aligned with global trends and each demonstrates how we are advancing new avenues of growth across all three of our business segments. Slide 5, please. Our strategic work remains focused on two pillars: productivity and innovation. As we discussed at our Global Investor Day last December, we are targeting $1.1 billion in benefits from our productivity efforts, which improve our long-term returns profile while helping us mitigate the impact of market forces, including inflation. Strong returns means focusing on both, the numerator and the denominator. That is why around the globe, our team is continuing to identify opportunities to monetize assets and optimize working capital as part of our $1 billion challenge. As of last week, we had realized cash generation in excess of $1 billion from this initiative. On the numerator side, were investing in new technologies to enhance our efficiencies. Last quarter, I highlighted the operational transformation of our core facility in Marshall, Minnesota, and discussed how we hope to emulate that success more widely across our production footprint. We are now advancing an ambitious plan to install enhanced automation, more sophisticated control systems and the increased use of analytics and more than 50 production facilities globally with further expansion possible as we evaluate and size the opportunities. These investments will enable us to unlock capacity, improve reliability and enhance safety. We are currently evaluating partners to support us in this important work, which we intend to execute in a phased approach, focusing on 8 to 10 facilities per year. We anticipate investing more than $1 billion over this period, and we expect double-digit returns on this investment as we are seeing in Marshall. Well be updating you on our progress towards these goals and other productivity efforts on upcoming calls. Next slide, please. Turning to innovation. Sustainability is driving force both of our purpose and our growth strategy. And one great example is the scaling up of our regenerative agricultural efforts. regen ag practices include cover cropping, improved nutrient management and conservation tillage. The environmental and climate benefits associated with regen ag can include greenhouse gas emissions reductions, increased soil carbon sequestration, water quality improvements and biodiversity promotion. With global scale and a value chain that reaches from 220,000 farmers to customers ranging from multinational CPGs to start-ups, ADM has a unique opportunity to lead in this area. I already mentioned our strategic partnership with PepsiCo, which we believe is truly groundbreaking in its scope and long-term vision. Were working with other partners as well. For example, in the spring, we announced an agreement with the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation that includes a commitment of $20 million to sign up more regen ag acres. And were partnering with Farmers Business Network to make their gradable farm management platform available as a regen ag technology enabler for our North American farmer base. Weve signed about 750,000 unique regen ag acres in the U.S. so far this year. We expect this number to grow with every passing year. These programs are getting us closer to farmers and closer to our customers. And we anticipate that within the next five years, our annual operating profit impact from this work will reach more than $100 million, while continuing to help lead our industry to a more responsible, sustainable future. While we are on the subject of sustainability, Im very proud that some of the good work weve done in this arena is being recognized. Just yesterday, ADM was included on the Investors Business Daily annual list of 100 Best ESG Companies. And in July, Environment and Energy Leader magazine recognized our Illinois-based indicator carbon capture and storage partnership as a top project for energy and environmental management. We posted a new update on our website that details our progress in advancing our Strive 35 goals, including our commitment to reduce our Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 25% by 2035. And because Strive 35 isnt the end of our sustainability journey, that update includes our aspiration to work towards net zero emissions by 2050. Well have more to say about this as we continue to evaluate and develop our path forward. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram?
Vikram Luthar: Thanks, Juan. Slide 7, please. The Ag Services and Oilseeds team delivered substantially higher year-over-year results. Ag Services results were significantly higher than the third quarter of 2021. The short crops in South America supported U.S. exports, driving improved volumes and margins in North American origination, which had significant negative impacts from Hurricane Ida in the prior year. Better margins in global ocean freight, driven by good execution amid dynamic global trade flows, powered better results in global trade. South American origination saw improved volumes and margins driven by increased farmer selling in addition to higher volumes through our export facilities. Crushing results were significantly higher with margins driven by resilient global demand for both meal and oil. Strong rapeseed margins in EMEA, driven by robust oil demand and continued market dislocations along with positive impacts from an insurance settlement helped drive improved results. North American soy crush margins continued to benefit from renewable diesel demand. Also, net positive timing effects in the quarter were about $175 million as compared to the approximately $70 million in the prior year quarter. Positive results were partially offset by lower crush volumes, including impacts from idle facilities in Ukraine and Paraguay. Refined products and other results were higher year-over-year in a strong margin environment for both refined oil and biodiesel. Robust performance in global refined oils was driven by healthy demand and elevated refined oil margins amid supply chain disruptions. Equity earnings from Wilmar were much higher versus the third quarter of 2021. Looking ahead to Q4, we expect AS&O to deliver much better results in the fourth quarter of 2021. We expect continued strength in crush margins to more than offset the adverse impact of low water conditions on U.S. export volumes. Slide 8, please. The Carbohydrate Solutions team delivered significantly higher results versus the prior year quarter. The Starches and Sweeteners subsegment, which includes ethanol production from our wet mills, delivered much improved year-over-year results amid steady global demand for sweeteners and starches. Corn co-products, including continued robust demand for corn oil as well as effective risk management drove higher execution margins in North America. Wheat milling had a strong performance, delivering improved volumes and margins to meet healthy demand for flower. In EMEA, the business delivered solid volumes and margins and managed through a dynamic energy environment to drive stronger results. Our BioSolutions platform continued its upward trajectory with 29% year-over-year revenue growth year-to-date. Vantage Corn Processors results were substantially lower. Ethanol margins were pressured by higher industry inventories, lower domestic demand and elevated corn costs. In addition, the prior years results included contributions from the now sold Peoria facility. Looking ahead, we expect the fourth quarter of this year for Carbohydrate Solutions to be significantly lower than the fourth quarter of last year. Demand and margins for sweeteners, starches and flower should remain healthy, but ethanol margins are expected to be substantially lower than last years historic highs. On slide 9, the Nutrition business continued to outpace the industry with Q3 revenue growth of 10% on a reported basis and 16% on a constant currency basis. Third quarter adjusted operating profit was similar to last year and 7% higher on a constant currency basis. Profit was impacted in the quarter by the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar and demand fulfillment challenges as the rapid growth in customer demand exceeded our operational capacity. We are prioritizing unlocking capacity in the face of some persistent supply chain bottlenecks. Our year-to-date performance remains very strong, including 20% revenue and 19% OP growth on a constant currency basis. And our portfolio of acquisitions from 2021 continues to deliver OP above our acquisition models. In this quarter, Human Nutrition results were higher than the third quarter of 2021. We strong demand for plant-based proteins as well as solid performance in texturants drove continued growth in specialty ingredients. Flavors results were impacted by adverse currency translation effects in EMEA, partially offset by continued strong demand growth in the region. Demand fulfillment challenges in North America and lower demand in APAC, driven partly by the lockdowns in China also negatively impacted results. Health and Wellness was lower versus the prior year, which included higher income from the fiber fermentation agreement. Animal Nutrition results were down versus the prior year quarter. Pet results were lower in Latin America on lower volumes, partially offset by strong volumes and margins in North America. Softer animal protein demand affected feed volumes. Looking ahead, we expect the fourth quarter for Nutrition this year to be higher than the fourth quarter of 2021 with continued strong demand in human nutrition more than offsetting adverse currency effects. We expect Nutritions full year OP growth to be between 15% and 20% on a constant currency basis. Slide 10, please. Other business results increased from the prior year quarter. Higher short-term interest rates drove improved earnings in ADM Investor Services, partially offset by increased claim settlements in captive insurance. In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $251 million were higher year-over-year due primarily to performance-related compensation accruals, higher IT operating and project-related costs and higher costs in the Companys centers of excellence. Other Corporate was favorable versus the prior year, primarily due to higher results from foreign currency-related hedge activity. Net interest expense for the quarter increased year-over-year on higher interest rates. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2022 was approximately 16%. We still project full year corporate costs to be about $1.3 billion, and we still expect our adjusted tax rate to remain in the range of 16% to 19%. Next slide, please. Year-to-date, operating cash flows, before working capital of $4.7 billion, are up significantly versus $3.1 billion over the same period last year. Our net debt to total capital ratio is about 24%, and we have available liquidity of about $11.2 billion. We are continuing to invest in the business with $841 million in capital expenditures and have returned capital to shareholders with $677 million in dividends and $1.2 billion in share repurchases through the third quarter, which reflects the completion of the $1 billion stock buyback announced last quarter. And with enhanced financial flexibility and in line with our balanced capital allocation framework, we plan to repurchase an additional $1 billion of shares by the end of 2023, subject to other strategic uses of capital. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. Slide 12, please. So to recap, our team delivered another outstanding quarter. And thanks to our execution and the advancement of our strategy, we are well positioned to end 2022 strong. Last quarter, we said we were expecting full year earnings higher than $6.50 per share. Based on where we are today, we now clearly expect to exceed $7 per share. Looking ahead, there are several externalities that we are monitoring going into 2023. We anticipate ongoing resilient demand for our products, a strong crush margin environment, a positive outlook for starches and sweeteners, and a continuation of our growth trajectory in Nutrition. There is also significant uncertainty in the global economy and geopolitical environment. We expect to carry our strong momentum into the first quarter of 2022. And beyond that, we are confident that our scenario planning and execution will give us the ability to effectively manage through a dynamic environment. Were also going to continue to benefit from our strategic work, and well continue to deliver on those priorities throughout 2023. Well advance productivity initiatives to improve operations and processes, optimize costs and enhance efficiencies. Well drive innovation, expanding and creating new growth engines across our entire business portfolio, Ag Services and Oilseeds, Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition. And well advance those strategic objectives as we always have, alongside our teams exceptional day-to-day execution, delivering for our colleagues, consumers, customers and stakeholders. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Inc.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask about your process volumes in the quarter. You cited lower crush volume utilization in Ukraine as well as Paraguay. Could you talk a little bit about what you expect your go-forward process volumes to look like? And is the lions share of the decline in oilseeds processed year-over-year, that 10% decline, is that from those two regions? Were there any other contributing factors?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ben. Yes, as you noted, we had lower volumes, and part of that were coming from Europe in soil and rape. We had some adverse weather and some logistical constraints in Europe in terms of navigation, some of the rivers. We also have a reduction in South America, in soy crush because of Paraguay shutdown, mostly because of lack of beans. We had also some reductions in North America due to canola seed availability. And certainly, we have our Ukraine sun crush facility down, as you know, since last March. So, we have 850 facilities around the world, as you know. And we deal with logistics, with adverse weather with manpower issues like every company out there. So, that what was the decline in volumes at this point in time. As some of those one-off issues subside, I mean, we will see those volumes coming back to normal rates.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Ben Theurer: Juan, Vikram, congrats on the results. I wanted to follow up on Nutrition. As youve talked about some of the logistics bottlenecks that you plan to overcome, could you elaborate a little more in detail those issues are and what you may have to do in terms of investments to get this right. And then also aligned with that, what is actually your kind of FX assumption because you stretched the constant currency terms commentary on the outlook for the fourth quarter. So, just to understand a little bit the regional breakdown as well and what FX headwinds we should expect into the short-term period, just given the euro weakness. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ben. Listen, as Vikram mentioned in his commentary, we are exceptionally proud of how the team is generating demand, how our value proposition in Nutrition continues to resonate and attract customers. Our pipeline has never been bigger and our growth rates continue to be -- our winning rates continue to be off the chart. So, the problem with that is that it catches up with your production pretty quickly. And although we have plans to expand those, some of the supply chain issues in delivery equipment and all that, sometimes dont play exactly in our favor. When you look at where specifically those issues have impacted us the most, it has been in flavors, I would say, and mostly in North America, but some of that in Europe. On the other hand, the facility that we inaugurated last year, Pinghu in China has suffered from lack of volumes because of the lockdowns due to COVID restrictions in China. So, I would say, we had a little bit upset in the sense that we couldnt bring all that demand that we have generated into the P&L. And certainly, those things are, to a certain degree, now under control. And as you can imagine, everybody in the Company is driving very hard to bring extra capacity. As you know, on the last quarter or a couple of quarters ago, we bought FISA precisely to alleviate a little bit that. Of course, were using contract manufacturing. So, we are pulling everything. But in a very tight environment with also some shifting of demand based on consumer demand, customers are shifting some of that demand, our ability to react promptly to that given the high growth rates caught up with us in the quarter. There is a lot of capacity coming for next year. So first of all, all this is an upside for next year. Hopefully, were going to be able to fulfill all that demand next year. But there is also expansions. If you think about -- we have a new line in soya protein, we also have the Biopolis expansion in Valencia. We have PetDine expansion coming up. So, the business is -- has a long list of organic growth capacity that will come to help next year. But again, its all the problem of maybe a strong successful sales and marketing organization, driving double-digit growth rates.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. And Ben, on the FX side, just a reminder for everyone, right. In 2020, we grew operating profit 37%, in 2021 nutrition profit was 20%. If you look at the FX over that two-year period, it was almost flat, went up one year, went down the other year. But the European part of our business, EMEA, and we referenced this in our Global Investor Day, the revenue contribution from Europe is about 40% of the Human Nutrition side and about 20% on the Animal Nutrition side, and thats getting bigger because of the event. So consequently, given the profitability there and the significant move in the dollar this year, we thought it was appropriate to highlight the growth on a like-for-like basis, which basically means on a constant currency basis. So, its a significant strengthening of the dollar. That basically called this out and the underlying growth in the European region.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Juan Luciano: Alex, maybe we skip to the next question. Maybe, Alan, come back later.
Operator: We will move on. Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of JP Morgan.
Tom Palmer: I wanted to ask on the barge delays on the Mississippi River. Does this have much effect on your business as we look towards the fourth quarter? Is it -- if there is impact, should we mainly think about it being in Ag Services, or just given the diversity of your business, are there offsets to consider?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Of course, we have an unprecedented situation and especially in the Lower Mississippi River that will reduce the volume of exports for Ag Services North America. As its going to be a negative impact in Ag Services North America, of course, that -- part of that is because of soy and were going to lose that volume. In the corn side, were probably going to extend the window of exports from North America into the first quarter. So part of the offset is youre going to see that in the first quarter. I think also part of the offset is South America will be able to export more. We are a large exporter in South America, of course, and youre going to see that. And then normally, what we noticed or we expect to happen because weve seen it before, is when you export less from North America, where destination marketing sometimes get a little bit of a pop in margins, the products and destination become naturally more valuable, if you will. That was part of the original strategy of going into destination marketing. And then, the other impact is that as beans are not exported that matters not that much demand, local values come down, local bases come down and that may be a boost for crush that you may be able to crush lower-priced beans or maybe eventually lower-priced corn for Carbohydrate Solutions. So, we see some puts and takes. So probably negative for North America Ag Services and Oilseeds, maybe neutral for Ag Services and positive overall maybe for the whole.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Just a couple of questions. One is, can you give a little bit more color on Ag Services and Oilseeds outlook as well as carb guidance? I know you said significantly up and significantly lower, some parameters to that? And then, can you also talk about your nutrition outlook, if your supply chain gets repaired, demand is there, do you think that your long-term growth algorithm is intact? And Ill leave it there, and I appreciate your time, as always.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ken. Yes, let me address maybe the outlook of Ag Services and Oilseeds, Q4. So, first of all, very dynamic environment, but very positive environment. The teams continue to manage exceptionally well. And demand continues to be very robust. So, as we go forward, Q4 again in Ag Services, I was mentioning, maybe a little bit lower for North American exports, but that will be offset for other things that I explained in the question before. So, we still expect significantly better results in the Q4, barring any big mark-to-market, thats our expectation at this point in time. Crush margins continue to strengthen. Thats on the strength of feeding animals around the world, but also on the extra demand for oil from all the renewable green diesel or biodiesel around the world. We expect continued strength in global trade and destination market. And as I explained before, I would say the business at this point in time is hitting in all cylinders. So, I would say, the 3 parts of the business will be very robust into bigger than last year, certainly. Maybe Vikram can give a little bit of an update on the other two.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. So on Carbohydrate Solutions, youre right, we did say significantly lower. But if you look at the two independent parts, S&S, sweeteners and starches, we continue to expect that to be strong. Were seeing robust volumes and margins with obviously, the corn oil benefits we are seeing. So net corn costs are attractive as well as margins continue to be attractive. The issue is on ethanol. Lastly, if you remember, we actually had $1-plus ethanol margins. This year, we clearly do not anticipate margins to be that high. We still expect to be healthy given continued strong gasoline demand, the discount that ethanol has versus RBOB as well as the reasonable inventory levels. So, its really the ethanol side that is going to drive the significantly lower performance in Carbohydrate Solutions Q4 to Q4. On the nutrition side, yes, as Juan said, we are working and prioritizing unlocking capacity. We anticipate much of that to get unlocked over the course of 2023. And on a constant currency basis, we continue to expect growth going forward to be in that 15-plus-percent range. Its important to highlight constant currency because that part of the business in Europe, as I mentioned, is becoming bigger and bigger. And thats clearly -- and currency is not something we can control and important therefore for us to call that out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley.
Steven Haynes: I just wanted to ask on the Brazil-China corn export agreement and see if you could get a little bit of color on any impact you think youll see in your businesses? And if you can just kind of remind us of how big your export origination footprint is in Brazil versus North America? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Good morning. So first thing you need to understand is we are living in a very tight global corn environment. So, if you put yourself in the foot of China, China finds itself with lower production, lower domestic production of corn with certainly higher feed demand lower barley and sorghum imports. So naturally, it will have to import more corn. So in my mind, they are just building origin optionality. Again, you have still the La Nia effect in Argentina. So they are planting less corn there. Certainly, our last check up here, yields for corn in North America were going to be lower. And of course, theres always the uncertainty of Ukraine ability to export. So I think that from a Chinese perspective, this is nothing more than just risk management and expanding open up another optionality. Of course, we are a large exporter from South America as well. We have a very robust Ag Services business in Brazil. And I remind you, we are the largest exporter of corn from Argentina. So, as always, we will offer Black Sea, we will offer North America, we will offer Brazil, and we will offer Argentine origins to China. So, as long as demand remains tight, we will see a lot of activity within the trade flow because naturally people want optionality, so.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Dickerson of Jefferies.
Rob Dickerson: I guess, just first question, kind of a broad question. There are a number of times you said in the commentary upfront that should be ongoing momentum kind of going into 2023, and it sounds like more specifically kind of in Q1. If we think about just kind of the general macro backdrop, right, all the tailwinds that are benefiting the business, and maybe this is a little dumb down for some, but not for me. Maybe you could just kind of touch on what could be some drivers that could loosen the overall tightness in the supply chain as we get through next year? Then I have a follow-up.
Juan Luciano: Okay. So, let me talk a little bit. As I said, we are finishing a very strong 2022, and that will get us into a strong -- with good momentum into 2023. What are the things that we are seeing because of course, I mean, its difficult place to prognosticate these days. But we anticipate ongoing resilient demand for our products. We have not seen, maybe with the exceptions of some tiny businesses in Animal Nutrition. We have not seen a deceleration of demand across ADM at this point in time. We foresee also a strong crush margin environment based on the two legs. We have a strong pork and poultry feeding demand across the world. And we see tight soybean oil stocks and RGD and biodiesel demand that continues to be strong and growing. We see, as Vikram expressed before, a positive outlook for starches and sweeteners. We have finished some of our contracting, and we see the volume, and we see the margins holding or slightly expanding there. And we see a continuation of our growth trajectory in Nutrition. When I talk about the pipeline, thats the business in which we have the biggest visibility into the future because these are projects that, barring any supply issues, we will bring to the P&L. So, I would say that is what gives us some positive momentum or positive expectations for 23. You have to remember also that we dealt with a lot of weather issues, logistical issues, whether it is the river, whether there is hurricanes -- many issues. And we had, as I explained before, some manufacturing volumes impact here and there. We expect that all to be corrected and to be potentially a plus into next year. And as I explained in the Nutrition question, we have new capacity coming on stream. We have -- we are expanding Biopolis probiotics capacity by a factor of 5. We are bringing a new line for plant-based proteins in soya protein. We are expanding our PetDine capacity. So, we are bringing a lot of new capacity to bear because we have the pipeline to actually transfer them into profit. So, from what we can see here, and again, in a very uncertain world, is we have good -- very good momentum going into 2023.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Byrne of Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. Id like to better understand this regenerative ag outlook you have for $100 million of operating profit in five years. Would it be reasonable to assume that thats roughly 10 million acres of $10 an acre operating profit? Is that kind of where youre thinking? And maybe more broadly, do you see the value here more on generating grain that has been produced in some kind of sustainable way i.e., that a CPG customer of yours would be willing to pay a premium for that grain? Or do you see this as really the generation of carbon credits that could be sold on various exchanges? I welcome your thoughts on that.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you. Very good question and something that is very close to our heart and tied to our strategy. The Regen Ag programs and acres are certainly in high demand. We have made public one announcement, but we have been working on what we call the differentiated bushel, if you will, for like three or four years already. And ADM naturally sits in a unique place in the value chain, and we have the global scale to drive improvements in agriculture, and we have the ability to tie both the farmer with the CPG companies, and so this is a privileged position. We are working very hard to simplify the process for the farmer. And as you described, there are many ways to potentially create value here. When we thought about the differentiated bushel, one is as you described, eventually, and were seeing more evidence of that, theres going to be a premium price for bushels that are grown or metric tons that are grown in a certain way. And I think that the whole society is looking for that. Its looking for agriculture to actually do their part in creating a more sustainable world. One is that. The second, and thats where were working with FBN, with Gradable and all that, is to simplify the collection of data and all that in the preparation, were working with the government on that, on the protocols to be able to have carbon offsets or carbon credits based on that. So, its a little bit of both. The economics that you described are not as simple as $10 per ton or whatever. But to a certain degree, that they are also not that much more complicated than that. We just have a portfolio of different accounts and different contracts, and theyre all slightly different, but it is conceptually aligned to what you described is converting more acres, its signing more acres. Thats where we leverage the relationship we have with farmers globally. ADM has 220,000 farmers portfolio in the world that we are engaged in discussing this. Of course, the customer -- the farmers will embrace these as they see more demand for this. Thats why its important to have the CPG companies aligned to this. And thats why we make these agreements because, of course, the farmer will generate the production in order to satisfy the demand. So, both lines need to grow together. So again, I think we are just leveraging our incredible farmer network and the desire of CPG companies and consumer in general, to see bushels or metric tons grown in a differentiated way. So, were very excited about the future of this.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Larson of Seaport Research Partners.
Eric Larson: Congratulations on a good quarter, everyone. So, the question I have is -- and thank you for all your regen comments, Juan, its pretty dear to our heart to result. Im looking forward to even having more discussions on that. The question I would have this morning is, could you give us a little more detail on the situation in Ukraine? What you folks are seeing? Were hearing that there are only plant -- only able to plant enough winter wheat this year to even meet kind of their own domestic needs for next year? It seems that maybe Ukraine is going to be an even smaller contributor to global exports, both on the oil season and grains next year. I guess, its just hard to get all the information put together. Could you just share some thoughts on what you see developing in that region of the world?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Eric. And also, it gives me an opportunity to emphasize the message we sent to our employees in Ukraine to -- for strength and ADM is doing everything possible to make their lives as bearable as possible through all these. And hopefully, one day, we will be talking about the rebuilding of Ukraine and all of them coming back to their land. So listen, weve been involved. As you know, we have more than 650 employees. So, weve been deeply involved in that. A vast majority of them are in their jobs, in their positions right now. So weve been able to export from Ukraine and the industry has worked together with governments and through this corridor agreement, weve been able to, in September, to reach the same level of exports almost that Ukraine used to have last year, so about 7 million tons. October, starting with a little bit more of wrinkles, if you will. We are having an issue, which is this joint group that is supposed to inspect the vessels have been a little bit overwhelmed by the number of vessels that we have. So they are adding more people to that group in order to continue to move material. We need to move material. There are like 100 vessels, give or take, in a queue right now. We need to take that material out because storage in Ukraine is becoming full. And then, theres going to be a harvest and we need to be able to use that storage to harvest the material and to store the material there. So, my point to all this is dynamic. This continues to be a very dynamic environment. Certainly, there are still shelling in the area sometimes, hitting some of the soybean oil, sunseed oil tanks, if you will. So, this is not an easy area. In the middle of that, of course, Ukraine is trying to plant, as you described, difficult to judge a number. I mean, our estimate is that maybe 30% less, but its difficult to make the calculation because some territory are now claimed to be in Russian control. So, its difficult for us to know even when data are put together, if you will, if that counts with the planting in that Russian controlled territory or not. So, I would say, its a little bit difficult to make prognostications. So wheat, thankfully, Australia has a good crop. It has rained a lot in Australia. So, thats a positive of the La Nia. Hopefully we stop now with the rain because they need to harvest and we dont want damage into the harvest. India also has declared there are some inventories and can come to the world to help. Corn situation, certainly more difficult maybe. There is a strong demand. We are in coarse grains in the tightest inventories in the world that we have in seven years. So I think that will be complicated. As I said, Argentina has planted like 10% of the first corn because of incredible drought there. So, I think that at this point in time, the U.S. will be a big supplier of corn for the world. On sun oil, I think the world adjusts a little bit more to present in different blends of different oils. But of course, the oil environment is tight because of all the renewable green diesel and biodiesel. So I would say maybe wheat is a little bit better, but corn and sun oil will be difficult if we stop with the corridor. So hopefully, now November 19, the corridor gets extended. And everything we hear at this point in time, there may be an objection here or there, but nothing significant that could derail this. So we are still counting that the corridor will continue to function, hopefully, with a little bit more efficiency as we appoint more inspectors on with the joint committee.
Operator: Next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: I was hoping you could give a little more color on the outsized performance in Ag Services in the quarter. I mean, this is the strongest third quarter I think Ive seen from ADM in many years. And its not what I would have expected given the challenges on the Mississippi River. So, of these factors that you mentioned, the short crop in South America, the better margins in ocean freight, can you give us kind of some sizing as to what were the biggest factors for the outperformance? And also, was there any kind of positioning benefit from your -- from how you hedged your grain in the quarter?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So, it was a great performance, as you described, very proud of the team. Traditionally, our Q3s have lower volumes because we are getting out of the end of the season and waiting for the next harvest. What happened this time is I think given the short South American crop, weve been able to move more volumes, especially exports in North America. Exports were down Q3 to Q2, but not down as much as maybe you see in other years. The same has been a little bit for origination volumes. And when exports go, we have benefits in our transportation businesses, our barges and all that. Also, do not forget, its not just North America, but its also the global nature. The global trades have done a spectacular performance. And I think we have benefits in ocean freight. It was a very good quarter from that perspective, and also destination market. In destination market that we started four or five years ago, I dont remember exactly, has continued to grow volumes and expanding margins. So that, I would say, is what created this great Ag Services in Q3. So, great performance by the team.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So, a lot of ground has been covered today. I wanted to maybe come to capital allocation on the balance sheet. And first, just to clarify on repurchase because you did a very sizable amount of buybacks in the third quarter. The incremental $1 billion was over the next five quarters. Did I understand that right from the earlier comments? And then just more broadly, Juan, Vikram, any way to frame CapEx over the -- into 2023 kind of -- you got a lot of capacity actions underway. Just help frame kind of the internal investments. And relatedly, help us think about maybe the M&A optionality in the current marketplace, especially with rising interest rates that might put some more working capital strain on smaller players in the market? Thank you.
Vikram Luthar: Yes. Adam, thanks for the question. So, in terms of the share buybacks, yes, we -- as you rightly noted, we did execute the entire $1 since we announced it in -- the buyback in Q2. Looking forward, youre right, in terms of the additional buyback, that is anticipated to be completed over the next five quarters through the end of 2023. But I also want to emphasize, partially getting to one of your questions that we see a rich pipeline of opportunities even on the M&A side. And it is, as always, our responsibility to continue evaluating that. And if we find the right acquisition with the right set of capabilities at the right price, absolutely, we would divert potential capital to that in lieu of buybacks. But absent that, we anticipate to complete this by the end of 2023. In terms of CapEx, we had signaled about $1.3 billion for this year. We remain on track to be around that, maybe slightly under. And we anticipate that similar level of spend to continue over the next couple of years as well, given the significant need for adding capacity as Juan mentioned, but also some of the additional high-return projects we see on the horizon, such as the analytics and digital automation of our facilities. So, we see rich opportunities to reinvest in the business as well as potentially explore more M&A. One other point thats very important to highlight, and this really underscores our emphasis on driving returns, which is not just focusing on the profitability but also on the asset, on the denominator is a $1 billion challenge. Even in the face of this outstanding performance this year, the teams are rigorously focused on reducing the assets deployed to produce that profit. And the $1 billion challenge, we actually anticipated to -- weve actually got -- weve got cash in hand as of last week of $1 billion, as Juan noted. So, I think its important to note that we are very focused on driving returns and hence that 13% that we are very proud of we achieved in 3Q. So, Ill pause there.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions for today. So, Ill hand back to Megan Britt for any further remarks.
Megan Britt: Thank you for joining us today. Please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you for joining todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ADM Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Michael Cross, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael Cross: Thank you, Alex. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. Please turn to Slide 2, the company's safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the presentation. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and highlight some of our accomplishments. Our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review the drivers of our performance as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Then Juan will make some final comments, and he and Vikram will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Michael. This morning, we reported outstanding second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.15. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.8 billion, and our trailing fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA approached $6 billion. And our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 11.6%. Our team executed extremely well in the second quarter, navigating dynamic conditions to deliver nutritions to billions. And even as we work tirelessly to serve our customers and consumers around the globe, we are continuing to advance our strategy with productivity initiatives that are improving our efficiency and cost structure and innovation work that is powering profitable growth. Slide 4, please. Productivity is how we are improving our execution and optimizing costs, is key to our long term success but equally and importantly our productivity work is helping us mitigate the impact of inflation. We have a very strong pipeline of productivity initiatives and I will be updating you on them regularly. There are 2 initiatives I'd like to highlight today. First is a set of operational transformation efforts we are driving across production facilities around the globe and spanning all 3 businesses. Earlier this year, we completed a modernization project in our Marshall, Minnesota corn facility that is unlocking significant new value through enhanced automation, more sophisticated control systems and the increased use of analytics. We're already seeing double-digit returns on the investment we made in that project. This is an example of the kinds of projects we're undertaking across our operational footprint, designed to unlock incremental volumes and deliver safer, more reliable, more cost-efficient operations. Second, as we look to continue to grow returns, we want to focus not only on the numerator but also the denominator. Our original $1 billion challenge and its follow-up, the next billion, help us drive to 10% ROIC. Earlier this year, we launched a new challenge aimed at monetizing assets and optimizing working capital to unlock another $1 billion in cash, helping us to continue to drive returns. In fact, we already realized more than $400 million. Next slide, please. We're also advancing our innovation pillar, fueling profitable growth as we continue to expand our capabilities to meet demand across the 3 global trends of food security, health and well-being and sustainability. For example, last November, we added significant new capabilities in our Health and Wellness business with the acquisition of Deerland Probiotics. Demand in the human microbiome space is expected to reach $9.1 billion by 2026. While in animal feed, probiotic demand is expected to grow to $6.2 billion. Deerland with a broad portfolio of probiotics, prebiotics and enzymes provides a wide array of commercial, R&D and operations-related synergy opportunities to help us meet that demand. And we're taking advantage of those opportunities from connecting our deal and capabilities with our Biopolis team in Spain to utilize sport probiotics in a functional chocolate bar; to bringing together our expertise to expand our capabilities in pet, a key growth category; to looking across teams to offer new types of dietary supplements. Thanks to the strong collaboration across the enterprise, Deerland today is increasing our share of wallet for customers in both human and pet solutions. And we're seeing similar outcomes from other recent investments as well. In the first half of the year, our combined portfolio of 2021 nutrition acquisitions has delivered significantly more OP than we had in our acquisition models. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram?
Vikram Luthar: Thanks, Juan. Slide 6, please. The Ag Services and Oilseeds team delivered exceptional results in a dynamic market. Ag Services results more than doubled versus the year ago quarter. Global trade had an outstanding quarter. The destination marketing team's ability to meet customer demand around the globe helped drive strong volumes and margins. And good execution in global freight as well as net timing gains of about $65 million for the quarter contributed to significantly higher year-over-year profits. North America had a solid performance as export volumes remained strong in a good global demand environment, though year-over-year results were lower due to the prior year's insurance settlement and strong positioning gains. South America results were higher based on stronger origination volumes and better margins driven by strong global grain demand. Crushing delivered substantially higher results. Strong soy crush margins drove improved performance in all 3 regions as meal and oil demand remained robust. Positive net timing effects of approximately $90 million for the quarter versus the $70 million of negative timing in the year ago period helped drive year-over-year results. Refined products and other results were similar to the prior year period as strong demand for biofuels and food oils drove refining premiums and biodiesel margins, offset by approximately $150 million of negative timing effects versus negative $30 million in the prior year quarter. Equity earnings from Wilmar were significantly higher versus the second quarter of 2021. Looking ahead for AS&O. We expect Q3, the seasonal transition quarter from the South American to the North American harvest, to deliver results significantly higher than the prior year period driven by continued strong global demand for grains and strong cash -- crush margins. Slide 7, please. The Carbohydrate Solutions team delivered a second quarter of extremely strong results. The Starches and Sweeteners subsegment, including ethanol production from our wet mills, delivered much better results due to solid demand as food service volumes reached close to pre-pandemic levels. Corn coproducts, including strong demand for corn oil and effective risk management, drove higher ethanol and sweetener margins. BioSolutions continued its strong growth with $81 million in year-over-year revenue growth in Q2 and $136 million year-to-date. Vantage Corn Processors results was slightly higher in an environment of good gasoline demand and strong ethanol blending economics. A $50 million recovery from the USDA Biofuel Producer Recovery Program helped offset the prior year's strong industrial alcohol results from the now sold Peoria facility as well as valuation losses on ethanol inventory as prices fell late in the quarter. Looking ahead to the third quarter. We expect results significantly higher versus the third quarter of 2021 driven by steady demand for our products and favorable ethanol blending economics. On Slide 8, the Nutrition business continued on its strong growth trajectory with 19% year-over-year profit growth. Revenues increased by 20% on a constant currency basis and 13% like-for-like, and the team did a good job protecting margins. Human Nutrition delivered higher year-over-year results. Flavors grew revenue in North America, EMEA and South America, though profits were lower due to negative currency effects in EMEA as well as weaker results in APAC. Healthy demand for alternative proteins resulted in strong soy protein volumes and margins as contributions from the Sojaprotein acquisition as well as good demand for texturants drove higher results in Specialty Ingredients. Strength across probiotics, including in the recently acquired Deerland business as well as robust demand for fibers, contributed to a stronger quarter in Health & Wellness. Across the Human Nutrition business, we continue to see low price elasticity and good demand for our diverse portfolio of ingredients and systems as we continue to support our customers with new product and cost-out innovation and drive industry-leading win rates. Animal Nutrition profits were up substantially year-over-year driven by continued strong volumes and margins in amino acids. Looking ahead, we expect third quarter results for Nutrition to be higher year-over-year as the business remains on a trajectory to deliver 20% OP growth for the full year. Slide 9, please. Other business results increased from the prior year quarter driven primarily by higher ADM investor services earnings due to higher short-term interest rates. In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $267 million was slightly higher year-over-year due primarily to higher IT operating and project-related costs and higher costs in the company's centers of excellence. Net interest expense for the quarter increased year-over-year on higher rates and higher short-term borrowings to support working capital needs as well as higher expense for long-term debt. The effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2022 was approximately 18%. Based upon our current outlook, we expect full year corporate costs to trend towards $1.3 billion versus our previous outlook of about $1.2 billion, largely due to higher year-over-year interest rates. We still expect our adjusted tax rate to be in the range of 16% to 19%. Next slide, please. Year-to-date operating cash flows before working capital of $3.2 billion are up significantly versus $2.2 billion at the same time last year. Our balance sheet remains solid with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 30% and available liquidity of about $11.5 billion. Driven by our strong cash flows and robust earnings, we expect to accelerate our share repurchase program adding to the $200 million we repurchased in the second quarter of the year with an additional $1 billion in the back half. And of course, the strong cash flows and balance sheet also preserve our flexibility to continue reinvesting in the business and advancing upside growth opportunities. Our CapEx outlook is unchanged at approximately $1.3 billion for the year. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. Slide 11, please. For context as we discuss our outlook, I would like to go back to the goals and drivers we laid out at our Global Investor Day in December. We talked about the plan in which our strategic productivity and innovation actions will continue to build a better ADM and align our portfolio to meet accelerating structural demand changes driven by the enduring global trends of food security, health and well-being and sustainability and how that would drive a strong earnings trajectory over the plan horizon. What has transpired since then is that some of the market factors have reinforced and further enhanced the value proposition of our diverse product portfolio and our integrated global network of assets. This helps drive stronger-than-expected margins. So while we may see some reversion in the medium term, we now believe that margin structures are generally higher than when we have laid out in December. We are on a trajectory to deliver a very strong second half, resulting in expected full year earnings above $6.50 per share. And as Vikram said, the strong cash flows we are generating will enable us to accelerate the timing of our share repurchase program with $1 billion in repurchases in the back half of the year. As we look beyond that, we have not changed our strategy, nor our expectations of strong earnings growth and returns over our plan horizon. And as we laid out at our Global Investor Day, there are upside opportunities to our medium-term plan. But as we have already covered today, we are advancing those now and realizing higher value from them. Higher BioSolutions revenue growth, higher Health & Wellness OP contributions, the operational transformation across the enterprise, we expect these and more to add further upside in the medium term. The opportunities before us are significant. I'm proud of what our team has achieved, but I'm even more excited about what we're going to deliver tomorrow, next year and in the years to come. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator:  Our first question for today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens.
Benjamin Bienvenu : I want to ask one kind of bigger-picture conceptual question, and then my second question is more near term in nature. The first is on the accelerated share repurchase. I'd be curious to hear a little bit more about all of the decision points that flow into that bigger-picture decision. I would imagine -- you highlighted strong underlying fundamentals in the business. I imagine there's a component associated with working capital as well as some of that frees up with commodity markets cooling a bit. I'm curious also to get an update on your longer-term capacity expansion pipeline and how on schedule those build-outs are. And should we think of share repurchase as a lever to throttle up and pull back depending on M&A and CapEx timing of kind of long-lived capital investments? That's my first question.
Juan Luciano : Yes. Thank you, Ben. Good question. We are maintaining our balanced capital allocation that we put together some years back. We always said that we're going to take about 30% to 40% of our free cash flow to reinvest in the business, and that's what our strategy of bolt-on and organic growth normally takes. And that will be the priority. We have exciting opportunities ahead of us. So we're going to prioritize our investment plan. But of course, we've been paying dividends for 90 years. We've been growing dividends for more than 40 years, and we will continue that. We increased dividends 8% this year. And when we're looking at our distribution, again, this 60% to 70%, whether there are strategic opportunities to do M&A or giving back to shareholders, as we said before, at this point in time, when valuations may be correcting and all that, we don't have any significant targets in front of us. Our team continue to look for bolt-ons. And given the significant strength of our cash flows, we have decided to honor that return of shareholder -- of funds to shareholders. So I would say we will maintain that balanced allocation. We are not -- in the plan when we presented in December, we were looking at the later part of the plan as we were approaching $6 to $7 per share that we will have ability to repurchase about $5 billion of that. Certainly, we will be, as I said in my initial remarks, north of $6.50 today. So some of those buybacks are accelerated to the scenario. So I would say it continues to be consistent in that regard. Is there a later part of the question I'm missing or forgetting? Oh, the capacity to increase, yes, organic capacity. Listen, we are -- as you can -- Vikram mentioned it, we are increasing our CapEx into $1.3 billion. And we've been accelerating some long lead equipment this year to make sure that our capacity expansions remain on schedule. So if we look at the big ones that we have right now, whether it's Spiritwood, it's still expected to be online by the harvest of 2023. We are expanding capacity in bioactives in Valencia. That's expected to come in the first quarter of 2023. That's also on schedule. So I would say, in general, across the globe, since we have the ability and the funds, we've been making sure that we eliminated that risk or we minimized that risk. Of course, there is always a risk of labor and labor is tight, especially in North America. But I think at this point in time, we don't have any major deviation to our plans.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay. Great. My second question is related to the grappling of supply-demand that we're seeing right now. Obviously, there, you highlighted your expectation of structurally higher margins across your business. That makes sense given the kind of bigger-picture structural changes in demand that support the profitability of your business over the next several years. But we are starting to see demand destruction cyclically as the consumer deteriorates. I think your business is really well positioned. But I'm curious about kind of what you guys are keeping your eyes on relative to deteriorating underlying consumer and that -- the consequence of that rippling back up the supply chain -- the value chain potentially.
Juan Luciano : Yes. Ben, listen, we're watching the demand, of course. We go -- we work very closely with our customers and our farmers on this. I would say we have seen demand substitution, demand shifting here or there. And you see it in retail, maybe to private label. We've seen a little bit to people looking into smaller packaging to make things more affordable. So I would say, if I think of the big categories for ADM, food tends to be, despite all these comments, much more reliable, much more stable in that -- just the essential nature of that. I think our fuels business, our biofuels business in general, are more tied to programs that are long term and to initiatives to reduce emissions and improve climate over the long term. So they also tend to be relatively firm, if you will. And we see that with RGD bringing new demand for oil. So if we have any issue in edible oils, it's certainly been more than offset by the new demand on renewables. And I will say the area where maybe we keep a closer look to all that is animal feed. Animal feed has been impacted by this. We estimate something in the range of maybe 10 million to 15 million tons on a global basis that maybe we took out of our SMBs from the globe perspective, not just from our own revenue, from the globe SMBs. I think we have seen less of an impact on an OP perspective because as people like to trade down, if you will, or if they were to trade down from beef, chicken is a cheaper protein. It's a more affordable protein. And chicken is where we get all the soybean meal mostly sourced. If you think about what's happening with soybean meal, is -- it has a cost advantage to corn. So it continues to have a high proportion in the Russians on things that are, if you will, more demanded right now like poultry. When we go to Nutrition, I think you said it in your -- in the question is we are well positioned in some of the applications that are growing the fastest, and of course, not completely insulated. To a certain degree, we haven't seen significant drops at this point in time. So our expansions and -- continue forward. And you saw in our remarks, our -- the acquisitions we made last year are actually performing from an OP perspective better than in the economic model we put together.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer : Good morning, Juan, Vikram. So my first question is also related a little bit to, the picture you draw and you laid out just about 7, 8 months ago during the Capital Markets Day back in December and you talked about the path to get to the $6 to $7. Now you're just at $6.50 for this year. But the one thing that kind of pops out is the significant strength and the up we've been seeing on the return on invested capital. And you still say your long-term objective is 10%, but now we've been consistently gone higher. So if we put it like into the context and your comments of the margin structure to remain higher, how should we think conceptually over the medium to long term? Where is your real ROIC objective given that you've been consistently above that 10% level? And what does that mean for your potential to return cash to shareholders via dividends, buybacks versus then ultimately the CapEx needs?
Vikram Luthar : Thanks, Ben, for the question. So just to give you some context, when we decided on the 10% ROIC target, it was based on an expectation of about 300 basis points above our long-term cost of capital. The long-term cost of capital has been around 7% for some time now. But as we look forward and we see interest rates on the rise, there is likelihood that over the medium term, the long-term WACC is going to increase. We still want to maintain our buffer or our spread versus that long-term WACC. So in short, yes, we are actually looking at growing our ROIC beyond the 10%. We haven't firmly established a new target. But clearly, as you've seen, we are well ahead of 10% on the back of a strong demand outlook for the medium term as well a strong discipline on the denominator from a balance sheet perspective. So in terms of the capital allocation and the forward outlook, Ben, I think it's consistent with what Juan said. We expect we are going to be very disciplined and balanced in terms of how we deploy that capital both in terms of reinvesting in the business. And by the way, the opportunities to reinvest in the business are significant. Juan mentioned some, including the operational transformation. And much of that is not even baked into the medium-term plan that we highlighted. So we anticipate there likely will be some additional reinvestment in the business, but that should still leave us enough flexibility to do share buyback, potentially even in excess of $5 billion as well as continue our pace of dividend growth as we've done historically over the last 40-plus years.
Benjamin Theurer : Got it. That sounds very promising, Vikram. And then just coming back on the growth and what's being delivered within the Nutrition segment, just to kind of frame it and understand it well what you're seeing into the back half here because clearly, you kind of reconfirmed the 20-ish percent growth in op income. We've had a very strong first half. You expect next quarter to be better. Is there anything where you think there could be a little bit of a headwind in the more short term just because of people maybe down-trading on the consumption side? You mentioned a little bit maybe the packaging side going to smaller sizes, et cetera, but to understand a little bit the risks versus the opportunities within Nutrition.
Juan Luciano : Yes. Ben, first of all, Nutrition is the business where we're probably exposed the most to the supply chain issues that everybody is talking about because we have a more variety of raw materials that we consume in all these formulations. So that is always something that the team works very well to overcome. But that's an issue we watch very closely. The second is, as you know, that business is also very strong in Europe. So there is a ForEx exposure that we keep on looking. And I mentioned at the beginning that Animal Nutrition volumes are a little bit more difficult, I think that given the price point where we are. So I would say those are the 3 levers that we keep on looking to make sure that we balance that. I would have to say the business has done a terrific job of offsetting all that. And again, we still believe in our enhanced guidance from 15% to 20% for this year. We're still going to do that. And the business, again, as I've said many, many times before, it's clearly in its path to achieve our $1 billion operating profit objective probably next year. So we feel good about the business, but it's not without a lot of active management, if you will. So...
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson : So I wanted to maybe dig into the outlook on oilseeds a little bit. In your prepared remarks, you alluded to a mid-cycle or normalized medium-term kind of margin structure that moves higher, and I'd love to get a little bit more color on how your view over the medium term has evolved there and especially in the context of a North American kind of industry that's in the midst of some pretty healthy capacity expansions by you and many others.
Juan Luciano : Yes. Adam, listen, we continue to see a strong demand for meal and oil. North America has many advantages. North America has the beans, and North America has a robust domestic consumption. North America has the new demand for oil. So that makes, of course, soybean meal more competitive in the world. We continue to see good margins and good volumes in poultry as -- again, as the consumer favors that meat. We continue to see soybean meal advantage to corn. As I said before, in the Russian, that continues to have high inclusion rates. We see China recovering from COVID, so activity coming back. And we see Argentina pretty much given the current financial issues outside of the markets in terms of their aggressiveness. So I would say the scenario that we've been seeing, it continues with strength going forward. I think that's kind of what we see at the moment. So Q3 is strong. I would say maybe if I go to canola, canola has been -- margins have popped. So maybe we had -- we didn't have that in the past. Now we have, very strong. So we see a strong demand for biodiesel. I'm just trying to go mentally through all the businesses. And as we said before, Wilmar has been doing very good. So we don't see any significant clouds in the horizon right now. We have good expectations. We think that for the second half, the U.S. will become the place to export for corn and soybeans. So I think that exports should come to the U.S. from the period of September to maybe February or maybe even March. So we will have to watch logistics and whether logistics can allow us to execute a strong export season. But that's probably the only thing out there that I will be thinking, Adam, in terms of puts and takes.
Adam Samuelson : Okay. That's all really helpful. And if I could maybe just switch gears over to Carbohydrate Solutions and specifically Starches and Sweeteners. I mean very strong kind of first half results. And I guess I'm trying to think about the contributions of between kind of volume growth, better ethanol profitability, coproducts and kind of -- and risk management and just that thing could be your most mature business and seeing some very, very healthy absolute and year-over-year performance and trying to just maybe disaggregate some of the drivers there a little bit.
Vikram Luthar : Yes. Sure. So Adam, just breaking it down into volume margin and mix. In Sweeteners and Starches, from a volume perspective, actually, we saw volumes in North America higher year-over-year in the first half. And that is different from what you may have heard generally in the marketplace. We clearly benefit from an integrated network that enables us to deliver to our customers effectively and efficiently. And in some cases, we've actually also imported tapioca starch, for example, from Europe to meet that demand. So volume has been strong. In terms of margin, clearly, we benefited from higher coproduct values, including corn oil in particular. So that's also helped in terms of the net corn and effective margins for Sweeteners and Starches. And from a mix perspective, we talked about BioSolutions driving more and more growth, higher than what we had anticipated. So on all 3 fronts, in terms of volume, margin and mix, S&S looks brighter than what we had anticipated at the beginning of the year. In terms of ethanol also, if you think about similar way of thinking about volumes, volumes have been strong in terms of gasoline demand locally. Strong exports expected. We've had strong exports outlook for exports about 1.6 billion gallons for the year. In terms of margins, we've also again benefited from the fact that we've had good coproduct values particularly, again, in DCO. And that has helped us maintain margins. The other aspect is the RVOs have been finalized. So that puts -- removes the cloud from the regulatory landscape, at least for 2022. And gasoline -- and ethanol blending economics remain fantastic. If you include RIN values, that's above $2 relative to our BOB today. So I think based on all those facts, we think Q3 is going to be stronger quarter-over-quarter. And our outlook for the year is also very constructive.
Adam Samuelson : Just to clarify, Vikram, because I don't think that was a nuance you said in the remarks. You said -- in the prepared remarks you said significantly higher year-over-year. And you're saying all of Carbohydrate Solutions will be higher quarter-over-quarter as well. I just want to be clear on that point.
Vikram Luthar : No. My comments were specifically quarter-over-quarter, significantly higher quarter-over-quarter for Q3. And what I just emphasized as well, we are constructive for the outlook for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow : Just a couple of questions. One is, how much dollar amount do you expect to increase in 2023 from your cost your harvesting of your growth investments? How do we kind of think about that for 2023 in terms of the dollar amount that's going to be coming out from both your cost savings and your investments in growth?
Vikram Luthar : So I think, Ken, just providing context, going back to the Global Investor Day in terms of the framework, right, we talked about productivity and innovation driving about $1.1 billion in aggregate each. And then we expected market forces should be about $1 billion. In terms of 2023, we haven't gone through the specific plan yet, right? We are still working through that. But you could assume kind of a flat line, roughly speaking, over that 4-year time frame. What I would submit to you, Ken, is over the last 3 or 4 months, as Juan mentioned, we see additional opportunities on the horizon as it relates to operational transformation with digitization and automation. We talked about the Marshall example. If we multiply that Marshall example, the upside could be even more. But that's something that we are still fleshing out, and we will be prepared in the foreseen quarters to provide you a little more granularity on that. Juan?
Juan Luciano : Yes. Ken, what I would like to add to what Vikram said is that if I think back to December, there are 2 things that are different. A lot of the productivity efforts this year have been used to offset inflation, and I think the team has done a terrific job of protecting margins in that sense. Those productivity efforts continue. And as inflation may be received next year, we might see that -- more of that coming to actually improve our productivity versus just offsetting inflation. The second thing that I noticed and I tried to make a point in my prepared remarks is that we probably see innovation -- a little bit more activity in innovation. I think that as customers are trying to fight inflation, I think that bringing newness, bringing new categories, new innovation, we've seen that in Nutrition and other pieces of the portfolio. So I think there is an opportunity there. And some of the things that were not included in our 5-year estimate, whether it was some of the growth on Health and Wellness or some of the BioSolutions opportunities and all that, are coming stronger and faster than maybe we anticipated. So Vikram said it, we normally start the planning season maybe late September or October. So we're going to be looking at '23 there. But I think we're going to have a lot of puts and takes on a scenario that is very dynamic. But we feel good about the initiatives we can control, let's say.
Kenneth Zaslow : Great. Just a clarification question. You talked about the $6.50 number. That includes share repurchases. Is that -- does that -- but yes, underlying fundamentals seem stronger than maybe you expected. Can you reconcile that? Because if it includes the share repurchase, I would argue that maybe better than that. I don't know if you're being conservative, but I'm not trying to pinpoint you. Just there was some incongruence in terms of the accelerated share repurchase and just kind of sticking to that $6.50 number. Just wanted to touch base with that -- touch base on that, if you could help us out on that.
Vikram Luthar : Yes. So Ken, just to be clear, we did not say an ASR. We did not say accelerated share repurchase, right? I want to make sure that we clarify that comment. We did say that we are going to do $1 billion in the back half of the year. And as you well know is EPS impact of that given the averaging is pretty minimized for this calendar year. So the impact, whether you consider a share repurchase in the $6.50 number or not is frankly insignificant for 2022.
Kenneth Zaslow : Okay. So just putting this all together, even as fundamentals kind of stabilize at this higher level, your share repurchases, your productivity and your growth initiatives can propel earnings higher in 2023 even if fundamentals kind of stabilize and not -- not to say we're peaking, I don't want to use that word, but if we stabilize at a higher level. Is that fair way to think about it that your interim actions of those 3 components can drive earnings growth in 2023? And I'll leave it there and I appreciate your time as always.
Juan Luciano : Ken, the way I think about it, let me share that, is we need to have in ADM certain ambidexterity. On one side, we have a team that executed on opportunities presented by the market. And the team is executing on great opportunities this year. We don't control that all the time. We control our execution, but we don't control the opportunities that pop based on the macro environment. On the other hand, we are committed to keep improving the company. So -- and that's what we committed in December over the 5-year plan. So to the extent that those forces, whether favorable or negative, offset our productivity and innovation, at times, we're going to see more of that effect and at times, we're going to see less. So we know we're going to grow earnings over the next 5 years based on all that. We have not gotten to 2023 at this point in time. So I want to make sure that people don't hear that what we're going to do is a promise to grow earnings every year. We cannot control all the environment in the world, but we can control that we get better and we can control that we can maximize our execution on the opportunities provided. Will 2023 provide the same opportunities of 2022? Unclear at this point in time, and we need to go through our scenarios. But I think we're going to feel -- we feel very good, as I said, on the team's ability to execute. Some of the macro that we're seeing in terms of demand, demand for food has been growing over the last 15 years at 1.8% per year. You can argue that at times, we are getting to the peak of arable land being brought into production; that at times, we are hitting the peak of maybe even yield in the area. So we think that although margins may not stay at this level, if they're going to stabilize, they're going to stabilize at higher level than in the past. And that's where we based our forecast in December, and we are maintaining that. So we feel good about continue to grow earnings. We haven't gotten to the specific 2023 number yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Byrne of Bank of America.
Steve Byrne : Vikram, you had some constructive comments about third quarter for Ag Solutions and Oilseeds. And I wanted to specifically ask you about which of those 2 big businesses is primarily driving that favorable outlook. And in Ag Services, what is it? What regions of the world? Where do you see that strength coming from? And then one more for you on that. And if there is less crop production in the world in 2022 just from significantly less fertilizer applications, is that positive or net negative for you? You could have tighter supplies but less volume.
Vikram Luthar : Yes. So thanks for the question, Steve. In terms of AS&O, I'll break it up. In terms of AS, we talked about destination marketing being very strong, right? So that's part of global trading. We anticipate that to remain strong given our ability to deliver to customers around the globe. And actually, we have the globally integrated network we have enables us to do that very effectively and efficiently. So we believe that's going to be a continued contributor of the growth. You think about also where we are positioned as a company in North America and South America. Where is the world likely going to come for grain in the back half of this year? It's probably going to be in North America. And with a reasonable crop that we expect right now, we should be well positioned to be able to benefit from that given our footprint. So I think the strength in destination marketing within global trade as well as our asset footprint and the dearth of grain around the globe in light of what's happened gives us good flexibility and constructive margin outlook for the back half. On the Oilseeds side, the fundamentals remain strong. I mean you've seen that the demand for oil both on the food side as well as RGD remains strong. So North American crush margins should be constructive. As soybean meal remains a very efficient and cost-effective protein substitute for even wheat as wheat prices, even though they've come up, they're still relatively expensive. So soybean meal remains an important feed for all types of protein and especially for poultry, and you've seen the number of poultry rising. So we're constructive for crush margins in North America. And even with biodiesel as well, that's also providing another avenue to support crush margins even in Europe. So crush margin outlook for the back half is strong in terms of the fundamentals that I highlighted. So candidly, the strength in AS&O is both on AS, as well as O for the back half of this year.
Steve Byrne : And you made a comment on one of the slides about investing in this sustainable agriculture initiative of FBN. My question for you on that is, how meaningful of an opportunity do you think this is for you? Are your food company customers willing to pay a premium to you, and thus the farmer, for grains and oilseeds that are produced in various sustainable ways? Is this a niche? Or is this a potentially meaningful portion of your origination business?
Juan Luciano : Yes. Steve, this is Juan. We are building this. I think we have a division now within the business to look at these certified grains, if you will, or differentiated grains. There is certainly a consumer push into this that we feel through the CPGs and having the desire to engage in these transactions with us. So it continues to build. I don't think it's going to be meaningful to our earnings over the next 2, 3 years, but it's something that is aligned with sustainability trends. It's aligned with the ability of the whole industry to decarbonize and become better. So it makes us more sustainable. But it is growing. It's still small, but it continues to accelerate. So I don't think you should expect an OP impact over the next 2 years, but we're building a good position here. And with partners like FBN and all that, we continue to improve the economics and simplify the recognition to farmers as they embrace sustainable practices. So there is an economic motive or result later on, maybe in the planning cycle. At this point in time, it's more a sustainability thing that we do to help our customers as they need more of this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Palmer of JPMorgan.
Tom Palmer : Maybe I'll just start off on the crushing side. Margin info in the earnings presentation was encouraging as was your second half commentary. At the same time, we saw Board Crush at least temporarily weaken going back a month or 2. So it looks like it hasn't carried forward in terms of Board Crush or in spot as much but -- and nor have much bearing on third quarter results, but I hope to get at least a little bit of color on what happened and why the impact was so temporary?
Juan Luciano : Yes. I think, Tom, what we saw -- of course, base has become -- became a little bit tighter in the U.S. and so, and we saw a little bit of palm oil correction that maybe impacted some of the oil. So you get board compress a little bit. In reality, the cash markets have never moved, and they remain very constructive and very strong. And now you have seen how Board Crush have bounced back. I think that what we need to remember is like before all this volatility, whether it's the war or this or that, we were coming into very strong markets. Again, demand continues to grow for meal. And now we have another leg of that, that has a new demand. And mature markets like this, when they get new demand in a significant quantity like RGD, you get a significant change in margin. When you think about the structural changes that have happened over time, whether it's the different way in which China feeds porks now or Argentina with an exchange rate delta that makes the farmer really have no desire to sell and the farmer, to a certain degree, curtailing crush in Argentina. And then we see China coming back from the lockdowns and soybean meal being better than corn into the Russian, we continue to see this strong. Now we have also canola helping onto this on the strength in biofuels, in biodiesel per se. So I think from our perspective, we were always looking at cash margins. And so we -- it didn't make a significant shift in our operating profit as we were saying in the last earnings call, to be honest. So it has moved and at times some of these moves, to be honest, in commodities has been driven more by financial flows than fundamentals. I would say the fundamentals were strong before the war. They continue to be strong. Some prices have spiked because of the war, then they came back, but they came back to the high levels that we had before the war because it was just supply-demand fundamentals. And as much as people talk about rising interest rates and all that, rising interest rates do not produce grain. So we have not seen any change in our supply-demand fundamentals that were in place before the war, before the tightening by the Fed. So to a certain degree, we need to keep our eyes on the fundamentals. That's what matters.
Tom Palmer : That's very helpful color. Maybe I'll just follow up on the soybean oil side. There's a lot of renewable diesel capacity scheduled to come online later this year. What are you seeing in terms of that demand environment? Are you starting to see inventories build to essentially new customers? Because the soybean curve at least is downward sloping and it does seem like there's a lot more demand to step up that could at least theoretically change that.
Juan Luciano : Yes. Listen, I think we're building new industries. So there are so many players here and so many things in motion. It's a very dynamic environment that we continue to watch. I think with -- we see the demand coming as expected. I think you may have, like in every capital project these days, some projects that may be a little bit delayed. But we don't see any significant change to our medium-term forecast. So we see the strength. We see the recovery on even potentially edible oils based on China coming back into the markets and coming back from lockdowns. So none of our forecast has changed in the oil side. And if you look at the contribution of meal and oil to crush from the last quarter to this quarter, it has maintained. So it looks like both legs continue to have the same strength at this point than we expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Larson of Seaport Research Partners.
Eric Larson : Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on a great quarter. So this maybe some kind of like a little bit of a corny question Juan in this very 30,000-foot kind of speaking level. In the past, there's no promise that aren't long enough. When you have global recession, it does change the fundamentals for grain demand. And I get the question all the time. My sense is so that there are enough structural changes, particularly in the U.S. market, where even if we did have a global recession is that the fundamentals have a reasonable chance of remaining fairly strong. Is that an off-base thought? Or how would you look at that?
Juan Luciano : Yes. As I was saying in the previous question, I think that, again, before rising rates that could drive into a slowdown of the economy or the war, we had a tight balance sheet. I mean, Eric, and you want to keep it at 30,000 feet. We're going to run this experiment of trying to feed 2 more billion people from here to 2050, something that we haven't done in the past. And as I said, you could argue that if we're going to move population from 7 billion to like 9.5 billion by 2050, there's not the same proportion of arable land are going to be brought into production nor the same proportion of yield going to be. So I think in recessions, food is more protected than other things. So we don't expect a significant drop in demand, at least not for a sustainable period of time. While the reality is that production may or may not be there when you think about weather, when you think about the limitations of acreage or the limitations of potential yield. So our scenario is for tightness going forward. And we will do our best to make sure we continue to supply the billions of people around the world with their needs. But I think it's more prudent to plan on a tight supply-demand scenario. And at this point in time, when we run the supply-demand going a little bit more shorter term, we think that at least we need to have 2 very good years of good crops in North America and South America to bring a little bit more of relief to the current supply-demand inventories. Even if we have a good growth in North America, I don't think we're going to increase pipeline from -- for soybeans at this point in time. So South America has been with La Nia for like 3 years or something like that. So some of these events are starting to last a little bit longer. Thankfully, in North America, everything looks like we're still going to have another good year. So we welcome the end of the harvest to see a very good crop this year in North America.
Eric Larson : Yes. No, I would agree with that. So I'll ask one more quick question, and it's more technical in nature. So in the quarter, you put over $3 billion on top of your inventories. And I'm just curious when you look at where grain prices were on March 31 versus June 30, June 30 you were down across the board, corn, beans, meal, oil, wheat, all the prices were down. So does that mean that you've just taken on -- you've been able to buy more grain, taken on bigger positions so your volume inventory is larger? Does that explain that $3 billion-plus of inventory increase?
Vikram Luthar : Well, I think the inventory, when you're talking about us, I think our working capital effectively from Q1 to Q2 has come down a bit, Eric. So I think it's a function of both volumes as well as prices. Yes, prices have come off. But I think it's a function of also what's happening around the globe. You've got to think about not just our Ag Services and Oilseeds business. You got to think about also the other parts of our business. So while in general, there is a correlation to prices, there's also not necessarily same flat volume across every quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Haynes of Morgan Stanley.
Steven Haynes : I just wanted to ask a question on China. It's come up a few times. Maybe could you just go into a little bit more detail around demand dynamics there? I think soybean imports are still kind of trending down year-over-year. So are we kind of at an inflection point there? And any additional color would be great.
Juan Luciano : Yes. We think -- we are in close contact with our China team, of course. And I think demand there has, of course, suffered an impact. You saw their quarterly growth rate for the whole country. But we get encouraging reports of how activity is coming back. I think that at the beginning, even if they relieved on some of the restrictions, people were still a little bit shy to come out. But I think that now we're seeing people coming back to the office, were a 100% back into the office. That brings traffic and that brings external breakfast and external lunches and things like that. So we see that with a recovery, if you will, coming from our perspective. If you think about the 4 main meats for China, China has produced about 5% more of the combined 4 meats in the first half of the year. So you could see there that, of course, the mouths are still there to be fed. And certainly, food security continues to be a high priority of, of course, the very responsible Chinese government. So nothing significant to report other than the ease of the COVID situation that is happening in multiple cities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi, Juan and Vikram. Juan, forgive me if you've addressed this already, but there's a lot of grain still trapped in Ukraine. And I want to know if you have a view on what's going to happen to it and how it will affect your business.
Juan Luciano : Yes. So thank you for the question on Ukraine. So our priorities in the company, Rob, as we have said it before, continue to be twofold. First is to provide for the support and well-being of our employees now and into the future. But the second very close priority, what you described, is that how do we help the industry in Ukraine, the agricultural industry to come back on their feet? As you know, there are 20 million, 30 million tons trapped there. And we've been working to increase the land exports and I think even some of the river exports. And so we're very proud of what the whole industry has done to increase those. We're still short of that. And of course, that's why you see both countries signing this Black Sea initiative, which is to allow Odessa and other ports there to come back to full capacity to be able to export. At this point in time, as you have read the news, you get encouraging news 1 day and maybe discouraging news the other day. I do believe that both countries are committed to help keep this corridor open. I think that at the beginning, you're going to see a little bit of a trickle down of exports, maybe smaller boats. I think it's going to take a little bit of building confidence that this works before you can put the bigger boats. There are issues in the country about getting fuel for that. There are issues in the country about getting the crews to man this boat. There are also issues about insurance and financial institutions guaranteeing some of these large transactions. So I think I'm optimistic. I think you're going to have a trickle-down. That will be good for all for us and for everybody that we allow that capacity not to be unutilized, if you will. At this point in time, the world need to access to those inventories. So this is an important thing. If we don't have access to those inventories and they are not clear from the storage next year, we may have an availability issue for food because we will lose part of the crop. Ukrainians apparently have done a very good job of planting about 70% of all the capacity -- all the area, and they are harvesting right now the wheat. They're going to be harvesting in September and October, the corn and the sun seed. So we need that space to be able to store those in September and October. So we are optimistic. We are helping as much as possible. There is a lot of people with good intention. So hopefully, we will see the sea exports to grow over the next 2 or 3 months.
Operator: Our final question for today comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken : A couple of parts on Nutrition. The first part being within Human Nutrition, how much of your revenue growth was with new customers versus expansion of current customers? And then on the Animal Nutrition side, how much of the growth was due to the favorability of the lysine market versus just internal operational improvements? And how sustainable is that?
Vikram Luthar : On the Human Nutrition side, it was a balanced growth across new customers as well as existing customers. And we think about our revenue growth in terms of volume, pricing and mix, right? So I think we had balanced growth across the 3. We drove early action on pricing to ensure that we maintain margins and kept a strong focus on driving mix. Price elasticity for some of the products -- or most of the products, frankly, we participate in Human Nutrition has tended to be pretty low as Juan noted. So I think that's helped benefit protecting margins as well as driving revenue growth. On the Animal Nutrition side, as I highlighted in my prepared comments, most of that growth has come from amino acids, and amino acids has benefited from, a, the relative protein demand as well as supply chain challenges out of China. And the third aspect that's benefited us is our conscious effort to switch from liquid lysine to dry lysine and that's -- sorry, so from dry lysine to liquid lysine, yes. And that's actually helped us drive improved profitability and improved margins as well as increase stickiness with our customers. So most of that volume growth in Animal Nutrition has been driven by amino acids.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions for today, so I will hand back to Michael Cross for any further remarks.
Michael Cross: Thank you for joining us today. Slide 12 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you all for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ADM First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Michael Cross, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael Cross: Thank you, Emily. Good morning and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. Please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and highlight some of our accomplishments; our Chief Financial Officer, Vikram Luthar, will review the drivers of our performance as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Then Juan will make some final comments, and our Vice Chairman, Ray Young, will join us for questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Michael. This morning, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.90. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.6 billion. Our trailing four quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $5.3 billion, and our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC was 10.6%. What we saw in the first quarter was an extension and amplification of the factors that supported our growth in 2021. First was our team's great execution. Exceptional growth in nutrition and effective risk management exemplified how we continued to serve our customers and provide nutrition around the globe amid volatile market conditions and an inflationary environment. Second was an environment of tight supply and demand. We operated in the first quarter in a constrained supply environment for crops, mostly driven by the smaller South American crop, and for other products driven by some continued supply chain and labor availability issues. And we continued to see solid global demand across most of our products and in most regions. While the pandemic is not over and we're particularly monitoring the impact of rising cases and lockdowns in China, much of the world continued to emerge. Pent-up demand remained solid, even in the phase of higher prices. The great work our team did was in service to our customers, our company and our purpose. Our company has come together once again in the wake of the unprovoked and unjustified invasion of Ukraine. ADM has about 650 colleagues in Ukraine, and of course, our highest priority continues to be supporting and protecting them and their families as well as helping Ukrainian farmers to get as much of their crop production as possible into world markets. Our thoughts and prayers remain with the people of Ukraine. Slide 4, please. Food security is foundational to ADM's purpose and beliefs and recent events have only magnified its importance. From a global pandemic to the short crop in South America to the conflict in Ukraine, it has become clear that we cannot take an abundant and efficient supply of food for granted. Even beyond the current dislocations, this issue will remain one of critical importance over the next many years. As the global population grows, the need for nutrition will continue to grow with it. At our Global Investor Day last December, we talked about how we expect demand to push global trade flows of corn, wheat, soybeans and soybean meal up 21% or 130 million tons in the next 10 years. Meeting that demand will not happen automatically. It will take dedication, expertise and agility as well as global scale and capabilities. An example of that is ADM's destination marketing network, which gives us a presence in more regions where demand is strong and growing as well as more direct connections to customers and the ability to offer the full end-to-end capabilities of our integrated value chain. We are seeing how important that is today as customers are coming to us knowing that they can rely on ADM to meet their specific needs in a supply-constrained environment. We are not immune to the impacts of global disruptions, including those in the Black Sea region, but our broad portfolio of nutrition products and our ability to efficiently move them around the world will allow us to manage through these dynamic market conditions and continue to help support the food needs of billions of people. Please turn to Slide 5. Sustainability is another one of the global trends, so important to our companies and our planet's future. We remain focused on our strategy, which is aligned with fast growing demand for an array of products that are environmentally friendly, including alternative proteins. That industry continues to show impressive growth. Global sales for alternative meats and dairy products are expected to increase 14% annually, reaching is targeting $125 billion by 2030. When you look at the full range of products that alternative proteins could go into from meat alternatives and meat extensions to emerging categories like ready meals and specialized nutrition, the opportunities are even greater. Our own growth in this area is faster than the industries. The quality of our product, our integrated end-to-end value chain, our innovative product development and application capabilities and our global scale make us the partner of choice for our customers. In fact, we never had a stronger demand for our alternative protein products than we are seeing now and we are confident in continued growth. That is why earlier this month, we announced a significant investment to nearly double extrusion capacity at our Decatur, Illinois specialty protein complex. We also announced the industry's first end-to-end alternative Protein Innovation Center. This, of course, follows up on last year's addition of leading European alternative protein provider, Sojaprotein. Alternative proteins are just one of the many areas in which we are expanding our capabilities to meet growing customer demand for more environmentally responsible products. Our Biosolutions team, for example, continued to expand its pipeline and advance the evolution of our Carbohydrate Solutions business with an impressive $55 million in revenue growth in the quarter. Please turn to Slide 6. We are advancing sustainability commitments in other parts of our business as well. Last year, we unveiled new goals to reduce its Scope 3 emissions and eliminate deforestation from our supply chain. This is critical work. We do not make these kinds of commitments without an achievable plan to meet them. And once we move forward, we constantly challenge ourselves to do it faster. That is why last week, we announced that we've accelerated our deadline for a completely deforestation free supply chain by five years from 2030 to 2025. We also recently committed to work with the science-based targets initiative with the goal of obtaining their approval of ADM's climate targets and our alignment with ambitious global goals to limit rising temperatures to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Across ADM, we are continuing to align our portfolio with the world's growing needs and with our own purpose, positioning us to serve our customers, our communities and our planet and powering our future. I'll discuss our business outlook at the end of our call, but in the meantime, I'd like to turn to Vikram to talk about our business performance. Vikram?
Vikram Luthar: Thanks, Juan. Slide 7 please. The Ag Services and Oilseeds team effectively manage risk and executed exceptionally well in a dynamic environment of robust global demand and tight supply, driven primarily by the short South American crop. Ag Services results were significantly higher versus the first quarter of 2021. Global Trade results were higher, driven by strong performances in destination marketing and global ocean freight. North American origination margins and volumes were lower year-over-year, including approximately $75 million in negative timing effects, which will reverse in the coming quarters. Crushing was higher year-over-year in a strong global margin environment, driven by robust protein and vegetable oil demand. Improving margins in the quarter resulted in approximately $60 million in negative timing effects, which will reverse in the coming quarters versus approximately $50 million in positive timing in the prior year quarter. Refined products and other results were much higher than the prior year period, driven by healthy refining premiums and good refined oils demand in North America, as well as strong biodiesel margins in EMEA. Equity earnings from Wilmar were significantly higher versus the first quarter of 2021. Looking ahead, we expect substantially higher Q2 AS&O results than the second quarter of 2021. Slide 8 please. Carbohydrate Solutions delivered substantially higher year-over-year results. The Starches and Sweeteners subsegment including ethanol production from our wet mills delivered much higher results versus the prior year quarter, driven by higher corn co-product revenues, improved citric acid profits and excellent risk management in North America, higher volumes and margins in EMEA and higher volumes and margins in wheat milling. Sales volumes for starches and sweeteners continued their recovery toward pre-pandemic levels. And as Juan mentioned, our biosolutions platform continue to deliver impressive growth with $55 million in new sales as demand for plant-based products expands into more diverse applications. Vantage corn processes delivered solid execution margins, but position losses on ethanol inventory as prices fell early in the quarter, drove lower results versus the prior year. The prior year quarters results also benefited from demand for USP-grade industrial alcohol from the Peoria facility, which was divested in Q4 2021. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect the current market dynamics to continue delivering carbohydrate solutions results similar to the very strong second quarter of 2021. On Slide 9, the nutrition business delivered continued strong profit growth. Revenues increased by a very impressive 23%, even when adjusting for currency effects and removing the impacts of recent acquisitions revenue was up by 17%. And while margins have softened somewhat they remain healthy. Human Nutrition delivered higher year-over-year results. Flavors continued to deliver solid revenue growth, offset by some higher costs. Strong sales growth in alternative proteins, including contributions from our Sojaprotein acquisition, and positive currency timing effects in South America, offset some higher operating costs to help deliver better year-over-year results in Specialty Ingredients. Health and wellness results were was also higher year-over-year, powered by continued growth in probiotics, including our late-2021 Deerland Probiotics acquisition, and robust demand for fiber. Animal nutrition profits were nearly double the year-ago period, due primarily to strength in amino acids, driven by a combination of product mix changes, improved North American demand and global supply chain disruptions. Looking ahead, we expect nutrition to deliver as second quarter significantly higher than the prior year period. And with our recent acquisitions delivering ahead of our expectations, we are raising a profit growth outlook for the full year from 15% plus to 20%. Slide 10, please. Let me finish up with a few observations from the Other segment, as well as some of the corporate line items. Other business results were substantially higher driven primarily by better performance in captive insurance, including reduced claims settlements versus the prior year. Some of the claims settlements that we expected to negatively impact Q1 results are now expected in the second quarter. Net interest expense for the quarter was higher year-over-year on higher expense for long-term debt, higher short-term borrowings to support working capital needs and interest-related to a tax item. In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $209 million were due primarily to higher IT operating and project related costs and higher costs in the companys centers of excellence, partially offset by incentive compensation, accrual adjustments. The effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2022 was approximately 16%. For the full year, we are now anticipating an effective tax rate at the higher end of our previously guided range of 16% to 19%. Cash flow generation remained strong $1.6 billion before working capital changes versus $1.2 billion in the prior year period. Our balance sheet remained solid with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 34% and available liquidity of about $9.3 billion, even with almost $3 billion in higher working capital needs since December. With that, Ill turn it back to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. Slide 11, please. After a strong start of the year, we are looking ahead. In the near-term future, we expect lower crop supplies caused by the weak Canadian canola crop, the short South American crops, and now the Black Sea disruptions to drive continued tightness in global grain markets through 2022 well into 2023 and perhaps beyond. As we look further ahead, markets will continue to reflect the importance of the enduring global trends that are fueling performance across our portfolio, including a growing global population, driving expansion in demand for food and healthy nutrition. That is why the work weve done to build a better ADM is so important. We have the global integrated network, risk management capabilities and diverse product portfolio to help us navigate through tight market conditions and meet global nutritional needs. This is the challenge we expanded, improved and repositioned our business to meet. And well continue to advance our strategy and grow our capabilities through our productivity and innovation initiatives in order to drive performance under our control and deliver on the evolving needs of our customers, but it doesn't stop with ADM. Our working with other participants across the food and agriculture value chain, from farmers who continue to do more every year to sustainably increase production, to technology providers who offer new ways to make more with less, to governments who in a tight supply and demand environment, should resist the impulse to impose export restrictions. So looking at the balance of the year, when we combine the strategic work we have done to align our portfolio with fundamental global trends with our strong execution and the expectation of a continued tight supply-demand environment, we expect 2022 results to substantially exceed 2021's. And as we look further ahead to a future of increasing needs for more and better foods, we will continue to work to add new adjacent products to address the world's toughest challenges and unlock the power of nature to enrich the quality of life. Once again, I'd like to thank our colleagues around the globe for their commitment and hard work to serve vital global needs in a challenging and dynamic environment. With that, Emily, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. In the interest of time please limit yourself to one question and rejoin the queue for additional follow ups.  Our first question today comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. So I want to  Vikram, I guess, first question just as we think about the current market environment, obviously, a tremendous number of moving pieces. I guess I'm trying to calibrate some of the things that could prove more enduring to the business. And the one that sticks out, I mean, is inflation broadly. And I'm thinking about energy costs and what that  especially in Europe, thinking about construction costs for new plants. And I'm just trying to think, specifically in oilseeds, how higher operating costs in Europe, higher replacement costs if we're thinking about new builds, how that might be impacting oilseed crush margins around the world? And do you think that has a bit longer tail to it? And I would think that benefits you, given your footprint is principally in the Americas.
Vikram Luthar: Yes, Adam, thanks for the question. Yes, in terms of energy costs, clearly, we are not immune to that and we've seen an elevation in energy costs. As you well know, we have a program to actively hedge our program. So I think to a large degree, we've been successful in doing that. Nevertheless, in places like Europe, where energy costs have been significantly elevated, yes, that's had an impact on net margins. But as you look at the broader dynamics, we continue to see very strong outlook in terms of vegetable demand as well as protein demand. And as you see, most of the grain flows, given what's happening around the world particularly in the Black Sea region and the short South American crop moving to North America that should actually support us in terms of our footprint. So the structural changes associated with RGD remain very much in intact. So we think longer term, we feel very confident about the move higher that we cited in the Global Investor Day in terms of crush margins. And for 2022, in particular, we see even farther  even more strength, given some of the near-term dynamics I just referenced.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess the second question is more on capital, on the balance sheet, and I think it was impressive to see in the quarter the growth in inventories, yet the committed credit capacity basically being unchanged from year-end. And I'm wondering how you think about that as a strategic asset and the opportunities it presents both in terms of merchandising and risk in the short-term, but also if the M&A pipeline is maybe improving as some others may not have the liquidity that you do in the current high commodity environment?
Vikram Luthar: Yes, Adam, we clearly view our balance sheet as a competitive advantage. And in terms of capital allocation, we've talked about this before. Our capital allocation is inextricably linked to our strategy. In terms of the guidelines, in terms of the framework, we've articulated about 30% to 40% of our cash flow as we'll direct towards capital expenditures and the remaining 60% to 70% for strategic growth investments. And given our balance sheet flexibility, we are clearly in a position to undertake some of those growth investments, including M&A, if that becomes attractive, but also shareholder distributions, including 30% to 40% towards dividends. As we cited in Global Investor Day, we expect dividend payouts to be actually at the higher end of that 30% to 40% range in the near to medium term. But at the end of the day, if you step back, think about the operating cash flow we generated, $1.6 billion in Q1. So we should be in a position to conduct meaningful buybacks as well in the medium term, as we noted in the Global Investor Day. In the near term, we will repurchase shares to at least offset dilution.
Adam Samuelson: Great. And that color is all really helpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Ben, please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yes, perfect. Thank you very much. Juan, Vikram, congrats on the strong results. I wanted to ask a question around just the global freight and global trade environment, and obviously, with some of the backlog that's been caused on unloading ships over in China because of all the lockdowns. Have you seen or are you seeing any incremental disruptions over the last couple of weeks that you think is going to cost greater opportunities for you guys within the next coming weeks to excel here and to ultimately deliver a strong quarter on the ex-service piece, just similarly what we saw already in 1Q?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you Ben and good morning. Of course, we've been dealing with supply chain issues for a while, and I think that the situation in China has nothing more than just bring back more challenges, if you will. We see the number of ships in congestion, if you will, from Capesize, Panamax, Supramax and Handysize have increased over the last week, increases about 10% give or take depending on the category. So I think that's especially complicated as you see that because of the different conflicts and different shortages in crops that we have, some of these trading flows around the world that are being redirected. So you redirect trading flows with maybe less ship availability and higher freight and longer travel times. So the situation continues to be dire. And that's why it's so important to have a team, a global team, very active with many options to provide supply and then to reach different destinations. So the combination, if you will, of our global trade with the destination marketing and all that becomes more and more important every day for customers around the world.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much. I'll leave it here so you can stay on track.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tom Palmer with JP Morgan. Tom, please go ahead with your question.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thank you for the question. Maybe just follow up on the outlook for the second quarter in the AS&O segment, maybe just a little commentary on the subsegment expectations. Are you expecting year-over-year profit increases across all three of the subsegments? Are there any to call out of particular strength?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say our first quarter was  showed strength across the three businesses, very good performance. And as we look at Q2, probably we see the same. There was some reduction in exports in Ag Services in the first quarter because of weather issues and some of that has been moved into the second quarter, so we have a good book there. China has put some orders also for corn Q2 and Q3. We expect the crush profits to continue to be very strong in the second quarter, certainly, refining margins also very good. So I would say demand has been domestically strong for soybean meal in North America and certainly a lot of demand around the world for that. So, we continue to see crush very well supported by the oil and the meal. We continue to see demand for our exports in the second quarter. So had the window of exports of North America, we will have expanded a little bit. And certainly, the refining materials are  they've maintained very strong margins. If you look at last year, we entered into Q1 with low margins and we ended with strong margins. This year has been strong margins across the quarter and we expect that to continue into the second quarter.
Tom Palmer: Great. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ken.
Operator: Apologies, we have lost Ken from the queue. So next in the queue we have Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Ben, your line is open.
Ben Bienvenu: Hi, thanks. Good morning everybody.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ben.
Vikram Luthar: Good morning.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask about the nutrition business. Strong results in the first quarter, you noted it, versus the prior expectation of 15% plus, now 20% growth for the year. You called out acquisition contribution or the performance of acquisitions. Is that a fair breakdown of organic versus inorganic growth, thinking about maybe 15% organic growth plus 5% inorganic? Or how would you delineate between the two contributing factors?
Vikram Luthar: Well, so as we talked about  I referenced in my comments, Ben, the revenue growth, right, was 23%. And if you exclude M&A and adjusted for FX, it was 17%, so strong revenue growth frankly across Human Nutrition and Animal Nutrition. The reason our profits were stronger than what we had guided in Q4 were threefold. One is, we did expect some upfront costs that we cited and we had anticipated inflationary cost pressures and supply disruptions. However, with the smart pricing and active supply chain collaboration with our AS&O carb solutions teams, we manage these very well across all the nutrition businesses. The other aspect as we talked about industry-leading win rates in our Global Investor Day, actually our win rates are even expanding beyond that. And the second point is, as you referenced, the OP contribution from our M&A were actually higher than expected. The third point is amino acids. Because of the deliberate switch we mad e from dry to liquid lysine last year, combined with the strong North American protein demand and the supply chain disruptions, our contribution from amino acids business was actually higher. So really, it's a reflection of those three factors that resulted in higher than expected nutrition profit for Q1.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. I'll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: We do have a question on the line now from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Ken, please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hi, good morning guys. 
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ken.
Vikram Luthar: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: When I think about longer term, you guys set out two targets: one, high single-digit growth, and then the $6 to $7 outlook by 2025. Given the operating environment, I know you just literally just put this out, so it's hard to change it on a change of environment. But how do you see that? Do you think that the growth rate is higher? Or do you think that the ability to get to the $6 to $7 comes earlier than expected given the favorable operating environment?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ken. Good question. Listen, when we put the plan in front of shareholders in December, we're just mostly to explain how our company and our business model and portfolio continues to evolve, aligning ourselves with markets of higher growth rates and actually higher margins. And so, what we can control, as you can imagine, is a portfolio, capital allocation and our execution, so we focus on that. So directionally, we're going into that, and we just put a milestone there to have a reference for investors. Of course, at this point in time, we're going to hit those numbers earlier. It is obvious. But I think we don't worry that much of the pace. It's more important for us the direction we're going is higher margins, higher growth rates. The pace sometimes is dictated for outside events in which our team and their execution are supposed to capitalize as much as possible into them. So do you ask me, it's going to be $6 to $7 in 2025, certainly, is going to happen sooner than that. But again, I think it's important to keep the team continue to build that better company with Vikram's explain how we have generated $1.6 billion of cash flow in this, that gives us much more optionality on how much to accelerate that shift of the company into higher margin and higher growth rates. And to be honest, after we have created nutrition and nutrition  we continue to upgrade targets, even if they make $700 million last year. We are now focusing on building the next scale business. We're looking at microbial solutions and how that will drive the next generation of food and proteins. We are looking at climate solutions or biosolutions, which will drive the next generation of sustainable products and also microbiome modulators, which with the pre, pro and post biotics will drive personalized health and nutrition. And let me remind you and the shareholders, contributions for all these three elements that we're thinking on building was basically muted during the forecast that we showed in the December Global Investor Day. So we feel pretty good about the existing business is delivering $6 to $7 maybe earlier than expected, but we have in the capabilities to build the next scale business for ADM.
Ken Zaslow: Great. And then my follow-up question is, when I think about the renewable diesel and the way it's going to happen. And with the backdrop of inflation, how does the balance between the renewable diesel kind of going versus the potential for inflation to curtail that, where do you see that renewable diesel already, the horse is already out of the barn that momentum as we continue versus is there a potential that the inflation can kind of either elongate the timing of it or delay anything. And then I'll leave it there and I appreciate your time.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ken. Good questions as always. Listen, first of all, let me say on that, I'm very proud that our team, and remember, when we announced speeded with, we said we've been looking at that for two years. So we took into considerations, all of these aspects. And so our product remains to be remains on schedule to deliver on the harvest 2023. So most important, what we can control that project is going well and we managing through inflations and delays. So proud of the team there. Listen, at the end of the day, we still expect the significant new capacity will come online. Of course, when there are so many announcements in any industry, you're going to have the percentage of that being coming on a stream. I think that there may be somebody ability on the timing of all that, it doesn't escape anybody that there are labor availability issues, especially in the U.S., certainly raw materials, whether it is a steel or energy or whatever are more expensive than whenever some of these things were announced. And maybe the builders of these hedge, the raw materials exposure to both things in anticipation but I will say, if there is some delay, it may not be bad to allow crush expansions to actually come on a stream. So they can provide the soybean oil for all these plants to run and we also wait for canola to have a path to that. So I think, listen, the industry will develop, it may have some short-term issues here or there, but at the end of the day, a significant piece of new demand for soybean oil is being built and will be built.
Ken Zaslow: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, ken.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. Given those comments you just made there Juan about the outlook for renewable diesel and you also had comments in your slide deck about your own views about the demand growth for alternative meat and dairy, which could potentially lead to less demand for soybean meal. I'm curious to hear your own view on, do you see any challenge here meeting what might be a disparate growth in demand for the oil versus the meal side of all of these crush plants that are going to be built.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, it's a very good question. And we look at that, of course, with a lot of attention. I think right now, when we see the capacity coming, it's all capacity needed actually to supply the growth of protein around the world. We see North America with very strong domestic demand for meal, but we see also in North America soybean meal being the most competitive around the world. Especially now, when you have issues in Argentina with some changes in the deal when you have short crops in South America, like we have had and we continue to have a strong demand. We see also that customers are relatively open, so there's not a lot of inventory in the chain that are one point needs to be flushed out. And when you look at, what's happening with feed and competitive feeds, certainly wheat given the conflict in Ukraine, the unfortunate conflict in Ukraine. Wheat prices needs to go up high enough that they get out of the feeding Russians, so they can be preserved to feeding people. When you take that up, you bring corn, the most effective carbohydrate and corn immediately brings soybean meal into the Russian. So we're not only see strong demand, but we see high inclusion rates staying. And again, given the strong leg of soybean oil in North America that will make soybean meal the most competitive in the world. So we actually are very positive about that demand and we think that we need all the expansion to match the market share that soybean meal North America will take from the rest of the world.
Steve Byrne: Thank you, Juan. Maybe just one more on the oil side and that is, what do you see as the global impacts of Indonesia's ban on palm oil exports. How does that affect the global supply of oil and your business in particular?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Oils have been tied for several months already, if not the year and of course, any announcement in the proximity also of the largest producer of palm oil in the world rattles the markets. Of course, it was immediately clarified that this doesn't include crude palm oil, which is the biggest product. So I would say, I think Indonesia is just trying to take a short-term palliative for their domestic inflation. I don't think it will significantly alter the global balances. Although, the global balance is continue to be very tight and any disruption, we have the Ukrainian disruption of course with and the Russian with sunflower oil so this is an area that everybody has to pay a lot of attention and it will require companies like ADM to having the ability to reformulate, so we can take some customers that our existing customers or either palm oil or sunflower oil to have alternatives to continue to supply their customers. So we are seeing that through our Olenex joint venture, we're seeing that through our Stratas joint venture. So as weve seen the opportunity to add a lot of value to some of the customers that are looking for replacements at this point in time.
Steve Byrne: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Robert, please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. I was wondering if you could give us a little insight into your visibility into crush margins in the second half of this year. Are your customers locking in their commitments for demand and supplying you yet? And can you use that to lock-in those margins. And then I had a quick follow-up if I could.
Juan Luciano: Sure. Yes, Rob. As I said, I think that we have very strong visibility of course into Q2. I would say further than that, I think customers  the markets are inverted. So customers see prices relatively high right now, those customers that are not covered, they feel like maybe the course is showing them that they can get covered later at the cheaper rate than today. So I would say, in general, we have coverage for the next quarter, not for Q3 or Q4. But when we look at the demand that we are seeing around the world, we think that when you think about meal and oil, in general, not only North America, but also Brazil. The crush margins need to be there to encourage the crushers to crush. We need the demand for oil and we need the soybean meal. So you will have to have the demand, the crush margins to incentivate people to crush. And we are seeing that with the margins that are happening in Brazil or the U.S. or Europe, all our margins today are higher than what we anticipated. And we think that that's the year rollout and demand continues to be solid out there and strong, crush margins will continue to send that signal to all of our crushers, which is we need the meal, we need the oil keep crushing.
Robert Moskow: Got it. And just a follow-up, you mentioned ocean freight being a big benefit. And I think it had to do with some redirecting of ships in China related to lockdowns. But I'm sure, it also has to do with just overall moving freight from one destination to another and shifting directions. Can I assume that is a big benefit to you and that could continue for the rest of 2022 or is it kind of like more episodic in nature.
Juan Luciano: Rob, we have  as part of our global trade group, we have a strong ocean freight group and they work hand in glove to make sure that we continue to serve the customers with the most effective destinations, the most efficient destinations. So we are a big player. And as a big player with a lot of resources, we tend to have a relative advantage to others. So when things get complicated and right now, they are very complicated. We tend to have a relative higher competitive advantage than others. So I think that shows in the margins that we obtained in this. And logistics right now are complicated. They are complicated in the river. They are complicated in the oceans and there is a lot of redrawing of trade flows and you can only redraw a lot of trade flows, if you have a lot of origin options and a lot of destination options, because you need to connect both. And our ocean freight group counts with that blessing, which is ADM originating all the key parts of the world. I have destination units in all key parts of the world. So it provides them with more ability to play supply routes than maybe other players.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Vincent, your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and congratulations to Vikram and Ray on your new roles. And Ray, it was great to work with you all those years. Juan, could I ask you just to talk a little bit about, how you're thinking about the consumer and consumer demand, maybe particularly in Europe, but I guess, also globally. Just given we have a lot of food inflation, we have lot of energy inflation. What do you think gives clearly we need to destroy some demand just given how tight suppliers. But how are you thinking about that equation this year into next year?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, we are paying, of course, close attention to that. At this point in time, we haven't seen any significant impact on demand for us. If you think about so far customers are paying higher prices, but they still, especially in North America, they still haven't changed their behaviors. We think that, of course, if you have disposable income suffering from higher gas prices and higher food prices eventually, they will have to adjust. We have seen more to be honest, Vincent, in the  some of the emerging markets in which may be food is a bigger percentage of their disposable income. So we have seen some adjustments, a small adjustment in that. But I would say, at this point in time, we have not seen any relevant or material adjustment to our demand. And we think that given the pent-up demand that existed from recovery of the coming out of COVID, people, in general, have been  having higher saving rates. And we have seen wage inflation around the world that have gotten more money in the pockets of many. So at this point in time, we think consumer has been and demand has been very resilient. But theres going to be a point in which disposable income will get tight and we will see some changes into that. We havent seen it yet. We dont see it in the immediate future either.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes. Hi. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the impact of the ADM crew here in the U.S. as well as internationally and what that might look like in terms of the impact for meal demand.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen Michael, we havent seen at this point in time any significant impact to our poultry demand in North America. The numbers at this point in time seems to be about half the size of the issue that was in 2015. So its something we are following very closely. Of course, but we cannot say that we have an impact so far. And hopefully this virus are difficult to control. So of course, there is a lot of sanitary elements being thrown at that, hopefully, that will placate. But we will have to keep a close eye to them.
Michael Piken: Great. And a follow-up question is just shifting gears. Are you concerned about the movement of fertilizer throughout the world? I know you have a fertilizer business. But beyond that just the impact if we do end up in a really tight grain environment, are you  how do you think there is a food versus fuel debate. How do you see that sort of playing out? And is there any risk to the ethanol volumes or the growth in biodiesel or how do you sort of see that playing out. Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. On fertilizers, to be honest, Michael, of course, fertilizer supply chains are tight and its been highly publicized. However, our evidence shows that trade lanes are adopting and markets are getting sufficient supplies of fertilizer. Of course, we had much higher prices that will drive prices for grain. I think today, especially Brazil  the U.S. certainly have the fertilizer for this crop. So the question is the Brazilian crop, which is coming in a few months. And I think it is still possible what we get from our people in Brazil to get enough potassium fertilizer in country by the planting season. And of course, any shortages can produce production losses. But at this point in time, when people are thinking between maybe 15% or 20% less application at that level, we dont think that were going to see a significant change in the production forecast. It is probably more depending on the weather at this point in time and rain than fertilizer application. And the second was on food versus fuel. At this point in time, I think that we are committed to try to help the world with food and the environment. So theyre both axis of the same equation. I would say, they both touch disposable income that I was saying before, if you get ethanol to reduce the cost of gasoline that creates more disposable income to take on food inflation. If you take  if you dont put any biofuels into gasoline and you pay more for gasoline, then you may get cheaper food, but you have less disposable income there. So, to be honest, I think the molecules react to the prices that they are given in the market given the different regulations and the different values. Well, we try to be as efficient as possible bring in as much of those  as many of those molecules to the market as possible to satisfy everybody. So I think at this point in time, we have seen some corrections in certain biofuels mandates across the world. But in other countries, it has been only a reduction and not an elimination. So this  I think they are short-term things, because we still have the climate crisis, which is a long-term objective that mostly the transportation industry, but also every industry will have to address biofuels, sustainable aviation fuels and all that are a big part of that reduction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Larson from Seaport Research Partners. Eric, please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yes. Thanks. Congratulations, everybody. And Vikram, I congratulate you on your new role and Ray you as well. I look forward to working with both of you on that. So congrats. So listening to the call today, Juan, I hear as all of us, there is a lot of confusion, theres lot of moving parts. So when I look back 10 weeks ago, I realized that U.S. grain prices had to move higher in order to even  kind of even begin to maybe ration demand or not, and of course, theyve moved quite a bit higher. So what Id really like you to do Juan is, kind of take a 30,000 foot view point here. As we all know price does ultimately ration demand. And the only thing I can see that would maybe through that at this point is maybe global recession or U.S. recession. So can you kind of  I dont see a lot of demand destruction at this point a little bit from bird flu, maybe its 25 million bushels, which is a spit in the ocean. But do you see any significant demand destruction today and including whats happening in Ukraine. And what they have in storage for corn and other things. What  how do you look at the world today from a demand  total demand perspective versus supply and are we seeing demand destruction with high prices?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Eric. Let me see  let me tell you how I see this. So last year was a big production year and the world needed to consume more grain than that big production. So the issue is, the world continues to grow and sometimes its not a matter of population growth, but its a matter of income. And how people like  people in China has been an incredible economic improvement of their standards on living that improve their diet, that doesnt go down. So we think thats where we keep on talking about our trend of food security. We will have to provide more for the world. In situations like today, where we are already tight from a supply demand perspective and we will get tighter as demand continues to grow. We see here in ADM that at least we need two very good seasons of crops in North America and South America to actually balance and become more comfortable in those supply-demand balances. When we think about prices today, prices today are going up to mark three things that needs to happen. One is export prices need to go up to being able to draw out all the inventories that are stuck there or they are safe, they are hoarded there to be able to replace the production that we have lost. The production we have lost in South America, but the production we are losing now in the Ukraine and Russia. So first, you need to draw out those inventories and bring them into market. So we can balance ourselves. The second, as I said before, wheat needs to be placed out of the Russians. So you can be preserved for human consumption. And the third one is to give farmers like you, the signal that they need to plant more and I think the world need more acres. Those acres today, they are not going to happen from the Baltic area, they are not going to happen from U.S. that we are basically maxed out. So they may happen in South America. So we need higher prices to bring South American acres, we need higher prices to draw those inventories into the market. And we need two good years of crops, both in North America and South America. That will allow us to balance the supply demand, given the strong demand.
Eric Larson: Yes. And I agree is that  we need this years crop in the U.S., next years crop in Brazil and we need 2023 in the U.S. to do very well again. And maybe even another  we need four maybe big crops around the world. But sometimes what rebalances some of this is, this high inflation rate we have around the world, there is an economic recession that comes in place. Have you factored anything into that forecast that would change your outlook?
Juan Luciano: Eric, Im not an economist. But I think there is a narrow path to achieve a soft landing here. And the U.S. economy has been very resilient through all this events. So I think the U.S. economy is driven by the consumer. The consumer has been saving money for two years that they didnt spend a lot. And as I said before, they were COVID recovery packages. But there is also been salary inflations and wages inflation that has put money in the pockets of customers. So I think that for the foreseeable future, we dont see a significant impact of demand. If not, we will be flagging that out, but we look at that, we look at our plans, we are preparing our plans for a long period of the strong demand. We want to run them at high capacity. So at this point in time, I dont see an issue in the west maybe the only flag is how COVID lockdowns evolve in China. But that I dont have a lot of visibility at this point in time.
Eric Larson: All right. Thank you, Juan. I appreciate your comments.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Those are all the questions we have time for today. So I will now turn the call back over to Juan Luciano.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Emily. Before we close our call, I wanted to take a minute to thank Ray for his exceptional contribution all this year to ADMs as our CFO. So thank you, Ray. And its been a pleasure and Im delighted that you continue with us to continue to help take ADMs a bigger player.
Ray Young: Thank you, Juan. And also I just want to thank all the investors and all the analysts for really like 11 years in this role, Ive grown, Ive learned from you. And hopefully, weve been also been able to teach you about ADM and how this is a great company. And the future is incredible for this company and I look forward to continuing support Juan and support the company in my new role. So thank you, Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you and congratulations, Ray. And, of course, welcome Vikram and this was your baptism of fire here in the earnings call. So thank you very much and welcome to the role and looking forward to it.
Vikram Luthar: Thank you so much, Juan.
Michael Cross: Thank you everybody for joining us today. Slide 12 notes upcoming investor events in which will be participating. I will also note that our annual sustainability report, which will detail our significant progress and our bold ambitions across the value chain is scheduled to be published in May. As always, please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day. And thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ADM fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Vikram Luthar, Senior Vice President, Head of Investor Relations, Chief Financial Officer - Nutrition for ADM. Mr. Luthar, you may begin.
Vikram Luthar: Thank you Rika. Good morning and welcome to ADMs fourth quarter earnings webcast.  Starting tomorrow, a replay of todays webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the companys Safe Harbor statement which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On todays webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano will provide an overview of the quarter and the year. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young will review the drivers of our performance as well as corporate results and financial highlights, then Juan will discuss our outlook, after which they will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you Vikram. Our team delivered a superb fourth quarter. This morning, we reported record fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.50. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.4 billion, 23% higher than the fourth quarter of 2020. Our trailing four quarter adjusted EBITDA was $4.9 billion, $1.25 billion more than a year ago, and our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 10%, meeting our objectives. Slide 4 please. That performance represented a strong finish to an astounding 2021. For the full year, our adjusted EPS was $5.19, also a record, and full year adjusted segment operating profit was $4.8 billion. This excellent performance was reflected across the company. [Indiscernible] its teams actions to improve their business portfolio and strengthen their operating model continues to enable superior performance in a strong market environment. AS&O delivered full year 2021 OP of $2.8 billion with each sub-segment performing at or near historic highs.  Carbohydrate solutions executed phenomenally well to deliver full year operating profits of $1.3 billion [indiscernible] from the sale of our Peoria grain dry mill and the announcement of the sustainable aviation fuel MoU through our agreement with [indiscernible] and the continuous growth of our exciting value solutions platform which delivered new revenue [indiscernible] with an annualized run rate of almost $100 billion, to the project we announced earlier this month to further decarbonize our operations by connecting two other major processing facilities to our Decatur carbon capture and storage capabilities. The nutrition team once again delivered industry-leading revenue and OP growth with full year revenues up 16% and full year OP of $691 million, representing a 20% year-over-year increase. We also continued to enhance our nutrition business with strategic investments targeted at growing areas of demand, including soy protein which will expand our participation in alternative proteins; PetDine, which substantially enhanced our presence in pet food and treats; Deerland, which continued the expansion of our functional probiotics and enzymes portfolio within our global health and wellness business; and FISA, which enhanced our flavor footprint by opening up new growth opportunities in Latin America and the Caribbean. Slide 5 please. Last month at our global investor day, we unveiled our strategic plan and reiterated our balanced financial framework for value creation, including using our strong cash flows to deliver both growth investments and distributions to shareholders. We are confident in our plan and committee to continue to deliver value for our shareholders, which is why we are pleased to announce an 8% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share.  We are proud of our record of 90 uninterrupted years of dividends and more than 40 years of consecutive annual dividend increases, and we are pleased to continue to follow through on our commitment to shareholder value creation.  It has been a great year and we are excited about what is to come. Our continuous actions to build a better ADM and dynamically align it with the global trends of food security, health and wellbeing and sustainability, and the steadfast advancement of our productivity and innovation initiatives will help propel our 2022 results.  I will talk in more detail about the upcoming calendar year shortly, but first Id like to turn the call over to Ray to review our business performance. Ray?
Ray Young: Yes, thanks Juan. Good morning and good afternoon everyone.  Slide 6 please. The ag services and oilseeds team capped off really a truly impressive year, successfully navigating through supply chain challenges to deliver results largely in line with the extremely strong prior year quarter. The ag services team performed well in an environment of continued strong global demand, including significantly increased export volumes for customers outside of China. Global trade was substantially higher year over year, driven by solid risk management and improved results in global ocean freight. Overall, ag services delivered strong results just slightly off the outstanding fourth quarter of 2020, when we benefited from exceptionally high export margins. Crushing executed well in a continued solid demand environment for both soybean meal and vegetable oil. Lower results in EMEA versus a very strong fourth quarter of 2020 and approximately $250 million in net negative timing impacts versus negative $125 million in the prior year quarter drove overall results lower year over year. The majority of those negative timing effects are expected to reverse in the first half of 2022.  The refined products and other team delivered substantially higher results versus the prior year period, driven by strong volumes and margins in North America for refined oils and improved biodiesel margins in North American and EMEA, which more than offset weaker South American results due to the reduced biodiesel mandate. Equity earnings from Wilmar were higher year over year. Looking ahead, we expect a strong first quarter from ag services and oilseeds, higher than the first quarter of 2021 and in line with the just ended fourth quarter.  Slide 7 please. Carbohydrate solutions fourth quarter results were more than double the prior year quarter. In starches and sweeteners sub-segment, including ethanol production from our wet mills, results were lower versus the fourth quarter of 2020 driven by higher input costs, including energy costs in EMEA as well as lower wheat milling volumes, partially offset by continued strong ethanol margins. Volumes for North American sweeteners and starches were largely flat year over year. Vantage corn processor results were again substantially higher year over year, driven by historically strong industry ethanol margins as a result of strong demand relative to supply, as well as increased sales volumes due to production at the two dry mills that were idle in the previous year period. As we look ahead, we believe the first quarter for carbohydrate solutions should be similar to or slightly above the strong first quarter of 2021. Slide 8 please. The nutrition business closed out a year of consistent and strong growth with fourth quarter revenues 19% higher year over year, 21% on a constant currency basis with 26% higher profits year over year and sustained strong EBITDA margins. Human nutrition had a great fourth quarter with revenue growth of 21% on a constant currency basis and substantially higher profits. Flavors continued its growth trajectory driven primarily by improved product mix in EMEA and continued strong performance from North America, partially offset by weaker APAC results.  In specialty ingredients, overall profits for the fourth quarter were in line with the year ago period as strong demand for plant-based proteins offset the impact of one-time insurance proceeds in the fourth quarter of 2020. Health and wellness was higher versus the prior year quarter as the business continued to deliver growing profits in bioactives and fermentation. Animal nutrition revenue was up 21% on a constant currency basis and operating profit was much higher year over year, driven primarily by continued strength in amino acids.  Now looking ahead, we expect nutrition to continue to grow operating profits at a 15%-plus rate for calendar year 2022 with the first quarter similar to the first quarter of 2021, with continued revenue growth offset by some higher costs upfront in the year and the absence of the one-time benefits we saw in the first quarter of the prior year.  Slide 9 please. Now let me finish up with a few observations from the other segment, as well as some of the corporate line items. Other business results were substantially higher, driven primarily by higher captive insurance underwriting results as the prior year quarter included larger intra-company insurance settlements. For calendar year 2022, we expect other business results to be similar to 2021, although for the first quarter we expect a loss of about $25 million due to insurance settlements currently planned. Net interest expense increased year over year on higher short term borrowings. In the corporate line, unallocated corporate costs of $276 million were lower year over year due primarily to increased variable performance related compensation expense accruals in the prior year, partially offset by higher IT operating and project-related costs and transfers of costs from business segments into centralized centers of excellence in supply chain and operations. We anticipate calendar year 2022 total corporate costs, including net interest, corporate unallocated, and other corporate to be in line with the $1.2 billion area, consistent with what I discussed at global investor day, with net interest roughly similar, corporate unallocated a bit higher, and corporate other a bit lower. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2021 was approximately 21% compared to 8% in the prior year. The calendar year 2021 effective tax rate was approximately 17%, up from 5% in 2020. The increase for the calendar year was due primarily to changes in geographic mix of earnings and current year discrete tax items, primarily valuation allowance and return to provision adjustments. Looking ahead, were expecting full year 2022 effective tax rate to be in the range of 16% to 19%. Our balance sheet remains solid with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 28% and available liquidity of about $9 billion.  With that, let me turn it back to Juan. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you Ray. Slide 10 please.  I hope most of you were able to join us on our global investor day last month. There, we showed that we have consistently advanced our strategy, from our work to improve ROIC through capital cost and cash to our strategic growth and margin enhancement accomplishments, including the creation of a global nutrition business, to todays focus on productivity and innovation. Thanks to this work, we are moving into 2022 with a better ADM, a more returns-focused organization with higher margins and less volatile earnings, and a portfolio that is well positioned to capitalize on the positive structural changes being driven by the enduring global trends of food security, health and wellbeing, and sustainability. Slide 11 please. Let me take a few moments to talk about how we see the 2022 environment. In ag services and oilseeds, we see a continued favorable global demand environment. Due to a short drought in South America with the magnitude of the shortfall still to be determined, we expect global ag commodity buyers will rely relatively more on the U.S. market for their needs, assuming we have a normal U.S. crop later this year.  On the oilseeds side, we are starting 2022 with strong soy crush margins, and as we discussed at global investor day, we believe that increasing demand for meal as well as vegetable oil as a feedstock for renewable green diesel should continue to support the positive environment this year with our soy crush margins in the range of $45 to $55 per metric ton. Assuming these dynamics play out, we believe that ag services and oilseeds in 2022 has the potential to deliver an operating profit similar to or better than 2021. For carbohydrate solutions, we are assuming the demand and margin environment for our starch and sweetener products will be steady versus 2021. We expect the industry ethanol environment to continue to be constructive, supported by the recovery of domestic demand to pre-COVID levels, energy costs driving higher exports, and better clarity on the regulatory landscape. With this in mind, we are assuming higher ADM ethanol volumes and EBITDA margins to average $0.15 to $0.25 for the calendar year. In addition, we are expecting our value solutions platform to deliver another year of solid growth as we continue to evolve the carbohydrate solutions business. Putting it all together, we expect carbohydrate solutions to deliver full year operating profits slightly lower than the outstanding 2021.  In nutrition, we are expecting continued growth in demand for our unparalleled portfolio of nutrition ingredients and systems, along with the benefits of accretion from our recent acquisitions. With these dynamics, we expect 15%-plus OP growth in 2022, revenue growth above 10%, and EBITDA margins above 20% in human nutrition and high single digits in animal nutrition, consistent with targets we set out at our global investor day. Slide 12 please. As we look forward in 2022, we see a positive demand environment across our portfolio, and then we add to that things we can do better. Our execution was great in 2021, but were always identifying opportunities for improvement and we intend to do even more to meet this growing demand in 2022. Put it all together and were optimistic for another very strong performance in 2022 as we progress towards our strategic plan next earnings milestones of $6 to $7 per share.  With that, Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question on the phone lines comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Ben, please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Thank you very much, and good morning, Juan, Ray. Congrats on those very strong results. 
Juan Luciano: Thank you Ben.
Ray Young: Thank you Ben.
Ben Theurer: To start off, maybe just to stay a little bit within the outlook, clearly you continue to have a very positive view on the segment side, but could you also share a little bit your assumptions in terms of CapEx needs and where youre seeing investment needs to be put into in order to deliver on the actual supply of these, so a little bit of your CapEx program and how you feel about that then ultimately the results flowing down to net income and what your expectations are for 2022?
Juan Luciano: Yes, so many questions wrapped in one, Ben - good job. On the CapEx perspective, as you look at our strategic plan, most of our strategic plan is coming from organic growth and productivity, so in order to fund that, were going to have a little bit higher CapEx this year of about $1.3 billion. That will be of course in some of the projects we need to do to expand, like Spiritwood that we announced our JV with Marathon, but also again some productivity enhancements to make sure we deliver bigger volumes as we supply that demand. As you know, we are facing 2022 with a very strong perspective for the first quarter. We are entering the year with great momentum as we left 2021 also in a big high, so at this point in time, we continue to see a very strong 2022, and I think I described it in all of my commentary, ag services and oilseeds continue to firing on all cylinders and we expect a year as good as last year, or maybe even better. Carb solutions also going very strong with many--with very stable start and sweeteners, and you know, with always some uncertainty on ethanol but with a favorable environment, and [indiscernible] solutions continued to grow as we grew last year, and again nutrition going up about 15% per year operating profit growth on double-digit revenue growth.  All in all, we feel very good about all the things that we can control.
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. Then just one last question, just a quick one. If you think about your medium term targets, and I remember youve laid out obviously as well the initiatives for share buybacks, etc., but in light of the higher CapEx plus the increase in dividends, fair to assume that share buybacks, at least in the short term, arent going to be a priority yet, correct?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think the priority for capital allocation is to de-leverage after we had maybe a couple of billion dollars invested in acquisitions, certainly fund the projects that we have in higher CapEx, as I described, and then the dividend, to support the dividend. Of course, cash flow generation is strong in ADM, you know we focus a lot on that, so as cash flow becomes available, were going to think again in the five-year plan to have more buybacks in the later period, but if cash flow continues to be as strong, we may anticipate that a little bit. At this point in time, we dont expect significant M&A as part of our plans, so that would be the capital allocation decision.
Ben Theurer: Perfect Juan, very clear. Thank you very much, and congrats again.
Juan Luciano: Thank you Ben.
Operator: Thank you Ben. We now have the next question from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens. Ben, please go ahead, your line is open.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thanks. Good morning and congrats on the strong quarter. 
Ray Young: Thank you Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I wanted to follow up on the outlook commentary, which was really helpful and detailed. Of particular interest to us is the bio product commentary that you offered. I think within the carbohydrate solutions business, the commentary around starches and sweeteners makes sense. The bio products obviously benefited from a very strong fourth quarter, and I suspect perhaps you had an opportunity to secure margins into the first quarter, but the commentary is pretty positive through the balance of the year, and I realize higher production will help in benefiting operating profit for that business. Can you talk a little bit about what informs your view for the strength of the ethanol business sustaining into 2022? 
Ray Young: Hey Ben, good morning. Its Ray here.  Yes, we finished up very strong in the bio products business, ethanol specifically. The fourth quarter demand environment was very, very constructive, and I think thats just reflective of what was happening in terms of the recovery in driving miles in United States, the holiday season. Gasoline demand was strong, that translates to strong demand for ethanol. On the supply side, actually the industry had some supply challenges, and so that translated to a very robust environment; in fact, our EBITDA margins in the fourth quarter for our ethanol business were above a dollar a gallon, which is very, very--you know, on a historical basis is very, very strong.  We indicated that as we go into 2022, we feel optimistic about ethanol as well. While inventories have built up a little bit in January, and thats just the seasonal nature of ethanol--of inventory builds, a couple things give us optimism for 2022. Number one, we do expect domestic demand for ethanol to be strong; in fact, it will be a growth year-over-year from 21 to 22, and frankly were seeing ethanol demand probably returning back to pre-pandemic levels of demand here in the United States, so were talking about domestic demand probably in the 14 billion gallon level.  Secondly, I think youre going to see a recovery around the world on gasoline demand and hence ethanol demand as well, and as you know, with the movement in crude oil prices in general, ethanol is becoming one of the most attractive oxygenates in the world, so we do see the export demand side of the equation in 2022 being also very constructive for ethanol, with ethanol probably recovering to 1.4 billion to 1.5 billion gallons in terms of export demand, so thats very, very constructive. Thirdly, we do believe that the regulatory landscape has clarified itself in the context of small refinery exemptions. I know theres some challenges going on here, but what we see right now is going forward, smaller SREs, as they call it, small refinery exemptions will not have an impact in terms of the supply-demand balances, and we talk internally that when they say 15 billion gallons, it means 15 billion gallons in terms of what we need to deliver to the marketplace, so thats actually a positive also for our industry, and then theyve also remanded about 250 million gallons in terms of requirements as well going forward. When you add it all together, the fact that were starting off the year with a fairly balanced supply-demand perspective in terms of U.S. ethanol inventories; two, a demand environment thats going to be even more constructive versus 2021; and three, a regulatory environment that seems to be supportive of where we want to go, we actually have a constructive viewpoint. As Juan indicated, directionally were assuming $0.15 to $0.25 per gallon as EBITDA margins for 2022 - thats lower than the 21 assumption, and maybe were just being a little bit conservative at this juncture as we start off the year, but nevertheless we do believe it should be a favorable environment for us as we move forward into 2022.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thats great. Very helpful Ray, thank you. My second question is just related to the global operating environment, and in particular some of the goings on in Ukraine at the moment and tensions there. Is that--how is that manifesting itself today in terms of the impact to your business? I know from an asset footprint perspective, you guys dont have super-heavy exposure there, but theyre a major producer of rapeseed, corn, wheat, barley, so Im curious what impact youre seeing in the market today and how you think about the potential impact as we look into 2022, recognizing a lot of different scenarios could play out there.
Juan Luciano: Yes Ben, of course you realize the supply of many commodities remains at their tightest levels in years, so I think any news around the world of disruption, whether its weather or geopolitics is going to prolong the high prices well into, probably, 2023. As you described, at this point in time there are three things. We are all looking at the development of the crops in South America as they need to go through February rains, especially in Argentina and the harvest in Brazil. We are looking of course at geopolitical conflicts like the one you described, and also the expectations of the crop in the U.S., all this in the middle of a very strong demand.  As you said, Ukraine is a big exporter, especially if you think about corn and the ability to supply Chinas needs. You have the three main suppliers, whether its the U.S. and you have Ukraine and you have Brazil, so hopefully Brazil with these rains will have a safrinha crop that is maybe a little bit better than what we expect, but among these three countries need to cover the supply of corn, and corn today is one of the best sources of energy and fat out there, one of the cheapest ones, so its a very demanded product, so were all paying attention to what happens [indiscernible].
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thank you Juan. Congrats on the quarter, and best of luck into 2022.
Juan Luciano: Thank you Ben. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We now have another question on the phone lines from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Adam, please go ahead when youre ready.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you, and good morning everyone. 
Ray Young: Morning Adam.
Adam Samuelson: I guess my first question is I want to come back to the outlook in carbohydrate solutions and just make sure Im understanding the moving pieces to think about a full year 2022 outlook thats only slightly below 2021, where both your 22--21 performance was above what you would have expected and 2025 for the unit, and just trying to think about the moving pieces with ethanol, and maybe theres a clarification point on the--when you talk about ethanol margin $0.15 to $0.25 a gallon EBITDA, is that purely the dry mill gallons within Vantage corn processors or is that including the wet mill, and I guess in that vein, in the fourth quarter, given the strong ethanol margin environment, I guess I was surprised just to have seen the starches and sweeteners business be down, if that should have also been benefiting from a strong U.S. ethanol environment, so maybe just help us think about some of the bridges of the pieces within the segment to get you to the 22 outlook.
Ray Young: Yes Adam, its Ray here, so $0.15 to $0.25 EBITDA margin represents total ethanol, wet mill and dry mill, so thats a combined basis on that assumption. In the fourth quarter, we had, as you saw, an outstanding quarter. VCP really benefited from the ethanol margins, and clearly starches and sweeteners also benefited as well on the ethanol side of the business. Our net corn cost was a little bit higher in the fourth quarter for starches and sweeteners, and recall when we hedged 2021 for corn, we put on a very attractive hedge position in 2020 for a lot of our 2021 requirements, but not all the requirements, so when we got to the fourth quarter, I think we were a little bit more exposed on net corn, so therefore the higher net corn cost translates to maybe a little bit lower margin on the sweetener side of the business there. We also had some operating challenges with the start-up of Bulgaria in Europe, which again is an opportunity, frankly speaking, for us in 2022, right, and we also had some higher energy costs over in Europe as well. As you know, natural gas prices ran up significantly in the back part of the year, so that impacted our energy costs over in Europe and that flowed through in terms of our starches and sweeteners segment.  There were a bunch of puts and takes that moved through the fourth quarter. Again, we think a lot of that will be behind us because I think weve put ourselves--you know, put in a good hedge position for 2022, and then also we believe that weve got the Bulgarian project, weve addressed a lot of those issues, and that should be a plus delta for us in 2022 as well.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that color is really helpful. If I could just switch gears over to the nutrition segment, and maybe help us think a little bit about the expectations for the business on an organic basis in 2022. I know there was a--you did some M&A through the second half of 2021, so you talked to 10%-plus revenue growth and 15%-plus profit growth. Can you help us think about the M&A contributions within that, and any specific parts of the business that you might be more optimistic than the segment average, and areas where the growth might be a little bit below that?
Juan Luciano: Yes, so I think most of 2022 will be on an organic growth basis, if you will. The contribution still of the acquisitions is going to happen a little bit later. These acquisitions are not made, to be honest, for the accretion of 2022. As you recall, we are just building the nutrition business, so this is the strategic importance of positioning ourselves in the areas where weve been informing you. I think that we always like to have the policy of no surprises, and I think you heard me saying health and wellness is an area where we were going to invest, and thats why we did Deerland pet food, and thats why we did PetDine. We continue to think about the incredible potential of plant-based proteins, and thats why we did soy protein which is making us more international. I talked about how powerful we are in flavors, but we were under-represented, if you will, in the emerging markets, and thats why we invested in capacity in Pinghu for flavors in China, and we also acquired Fisa that gives us a beachhead into Central America, Caribbean, and maybe the northern part of Latin America.  When we look at the business, our confidence in the 15%-plus organic operating profit growth is given by our pipeline and our win rates, to be honest, thats why we look. Our pipeline continues to increase, our product launches continue to increase and actually accelerate, and our win rates have almost doubled from one year to the other, so the business is operating very well. We guided flat for Q1 just because of the way some of the costs fall, and they are more front-loaded into next year, but this is a business again thats been growing 34%, 20%, I think were going to stabilize in the long term at this rate of 15%, 15%-plus with double digit organic growth, basically, without even touching the M&A for that growth.
Adam Samuelson: Got it. Thats all really helpful. Ill pass it on, thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you Adam.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Robert, Ive opened your line.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question, and congrats on a great year. 
Ray Young: Thanks Robert.
Robert Moskow: Of course. Maybe youve kind of implied this already, but your pricing for corn sweeteners in 2022, can you describe how the negotiations went, and it looks like what youre guiding to was kind of flattish profits in North America for corn sweeteners as a result of that pricing. Is that a fair assessment?
Ray Young: Yes Rob, our objective is really to maintain margins, and so through the course of the negotiations, I think its fair to make an assumption that weve been able to maintain margins and offset the higher corn costs that has occurred recently. I think weve achieved that objective, and thats a fair assumption to assume as we go into 2022.
Robert Moskow: Okay, and maybe a follow-up, if expansion of refined soybean oil is driven by the growing demand of renewal biodiesel, have you been watching the industry--the planned industry expansion for all those refineries, and what kind of--is it achieving what youd expect? Is the capacity coming online as expected, and is it having the results on demand for oil that you would expect?
Juan Luciano: Yes, of course we keep a close eye into that. You have to understand that at this point in time, demand continues to outpace even the announced capacity expansions, but there is a reality also in this world of supply shortages and labor issues, that projects are not that easy to execute. I think that when you look at a battery of announcements like the way weve seen, I think its reasonable to put a percentage that that is going to happen, either the reality or that theyre all going to happen but in a little bit longer timeline. We tend to look at that from a long term basis of maybe something like two-thirds or 75% will happen. At this point in time, we see the volume coming our way, and you have to remember that the original oil story, Rob, it was due to high palm oil around the world, and that drove soybean and other oils up, and now on top of that, now we have the demand for RGD, so that--now, there is a full confluence of raw materials to be able to supply that oil. So yes, we are looking at this very closely, and at this point in time, everything is evolving as planned.
Robert Moskow: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you Robert. We now have Tom Palmer of JP Morgan. Tom, your line is open, please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Thank you for the questions, and congratulations on the quarter.
Ray Young: Thank you Tom.
Tom Palmer: Maybe I can follow up on Robs question, just on the refined products outlook, and maybe a little more specific on how youre thinking about the set-up for 2022. We do have maybe the first larger wave of facilities coming online with pre-treatment units, although that is at least back half-weighted, I think, so maybe whats the assumption for refined products this year, and do you think that that addition in terms of capacity is going to have much impact, or as you were kind of noting with Rob, maybe just with timing and needs of still sourcing from, at least a portion from third parties, it wont be as impactful?
Juan Luciano: Yes Tom, listen - we continue to believe we will add around a billion gallons per year of incremental RGD capacity and approach that 5 billion gallons total capacity by 2025. As I was telling Rob, we continually reframe the announced capacity and analyze the market conditions, so we have several scenarios in this. We do believe these announced capacities are important to and necessary to keep up with the expected demand growth for both vegetable oil, as I explained before, but also global meal demand needs. At this point, vegetable oil consumption is still growing faster than supply. Weve gotten a little bit of good news from Sanoil availability from black seed that maybe will help bean oil tightness, and--. So regarding the pre-treat comments, in the end the vegetable oil will be required as a feedstock and pricing will reflect the value of this feedstock, likely based on carbon intensity, so we could see some shift in value between the crude oil and the refining. I think what we need to realize is we are at the early stages of this industry formation, so were going to see some of that movement and sometimes were going to capture the value in one place, sometimes were going to capture the value in another one. But we are well positioned, our biodiesel plants are all integrated in refineries and all that, so we are watching it very closely and we feel good about how its developing so far.
Tom Palmer: Great, thank you for that. Maybe Ill segue with that to the crushing side. It seems like youre starting off the year with quite strong soy crush margins, perhaps higher than maybe youre guiding to for the year. Is there a, I guess, catalyst or driver that maybe makes margins weaker? Is there a bit of conservatism embedded? We see headlines around lysine shortage - is that something youre expecting to resolve itself and maybe see still a very favorable crush environment, but a little more normalized versus to start off the year?
Juan Luciano: Yes, there are many--of course, this is a large industry, so many puts and takes. When we look at the demand side, the forecasted 2022 poultry production is going to be a record and near record for beef and hog, so protein demand continues to grow around the world, and thats sustaining a lot. There is a tight meat proteins and synthetic amino acids, and thats supporting soybean meal. Remember, I mentioned fat is very expensive today and energy as well, so corn at this point in time is the cheapest carbohydrate, thats pulling soybean meal into the Russian, and we expect that one point in time, the lysine market may be back into balance later in 2022. But still, the SMDs are very, very beneficial to soybean meal and to crush, so. I think also, dont forget RGD is also changing the dynamics for soybean meal, making soybean meal from the U.S. much more competitive and able to gain some export markets, and when you have maybe a less than stellar soybean crop in Argentina, Argentina being such a strong exporter of meal, I think that bodes well for crush margins in North America and also in Europe.
Tom Palmer: Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you Tom.
Operator: We now have the next question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Vincent, please ensure your line is unmuted locally, and you may go ahead.
Steve Haynes: Hi, this is Steve Haynes on for Vincent. Wanted to ask a question on the bio solutions business and the $100 million of annualized revenue wins in 2021, and if you could maybe just provide some more color on specific end markets where youre getting those wins and then how to think about the size of that going forward.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you for the question, Steve. Listen, we are very excited about how that business is developing. I think we recognized in the past that that business happened almost while we were not watching and it was a customer pull more than our push. Now, we have a segment approach to that. We have intentionality in developing that market and as such, the opportunities have flourished. I would say a strong contribution from packaging, a strong contribution from fermentation - you know, were helping other people that are creating some of these materials out of a plant base, personal and homecare, a very important segment that is growing, and a growing contribution from pharma, construction and plant treatment. So as you can tell, as we continue to deploy marketing resources into some of these segments, we continue to have success. There are some segments that are more developed and larger for us and some segments that are more incipient, but I think its going very well. We are working on the product mix as sometimes the growth is faster than our capacity, so were trying to accommodate that and were going to be having more capacity coming up soon to be able to sustain this 10% growth rate [indiscernible] that we have.
Steve Haynes: Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you Vincent. We now have Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Ken, please go ahead when youre ready.
Ken Zaslow: Hi, good morning everyone. 
Juan Luciano: Morning Ken.
Ray Young: Hey Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Let me just take a different approach. When you think about your--you talk about all the things that are happening on the demand side, but at your analyst day, you kind of did talk about the cost structure increasing and that there were going to be some headwinds. As I look forward, these headwinds dont seem to be materializing to the extent, or are they, and can you frame how you kind of put it during the analyst day and where you see they are going through to--you know, where youre seeing them now, where you see them through 2022, and are you really seeing them develop they way you thought they were or are they a little bit lower than you thought?
Juan Luciano: Yes, the dynamics here, Ken, of course is we have forecasted or accounted for some--the potential reversion of margins and some inflation of course that we were going to have, and that is difficult to estimate the timing, and then we have productivity and innovation that is going to be growing in their impact as some of these projects develop. When we look at, if you will, at the negative side of the equation, as the positive side we can control, on the negative side weve put together several scenarios, and I would say the biggest manifestation of that at this point in time has been energy inflation, and inflation from some smaller products. We suffer probably more of this, some supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, that you probably hear every company talking about.  I would say from an energy perspective, the impact is probably more on Europe, whether its on crush or carb solutions, thats where we see the impact, and we have our team basically working on energy efficiency and shaving some percentages of that increase, and also our hedging mechanisms and all that. On the raw material side and the supply chain disruptions, thats probably more the territory of nutrition. Nutrition, as you can imagine, has more variety of raw materials and more SKUs, so the complexity of that business makes it more exposed to some of these winds. Thats the way were looking at that - its more the European energy increase and some of the nutrition one-offs here and there on supply chain.
Ken Zaslow: My second question is--and I appreciate that. On the China side, I think last call and the call before, you kind of outlined how demand is growing. I know 2021 was an extraordinary year for China demand. How do you think thats going to play out in 2022 and 2023 in terms of will there be a mix change, will there be increased demand? How do you kind of think about it relative to your business model? I appreciate your time, as always.
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you Ken. Listen, we think that China has recovered from the ASF, they recovered their herd. You saw the dynamics in terms of pork prices coming up and down. We still believe that they will import soybeans in the high 90s - you know, 96, 97 million give or take, and around probably 25 million tons of corn.  Again, when we are working the way they are managing through COVID challenges, but we expect demand will continue to grow, it continues to be supported by improved diets and professional feeding practices. Even if we see some moderation of GDP, we think that weve seen per capita consumption of the top four meats basically increases, and even if they correct it a little bit, they correct versus 2021, they are still much bigger than pre-ASF and pre-pandemic.  We [indiscernible] with a number here or there, but still its going to be very strong, and as I said, probably 96, 97 million of soybeans, 25 million of corn, that will provide a good base for the grain industry and the crushing industry.
Ken Zaslow: Great, I appreciate it. Thank you guys.
Juan Luciano: Thank you Ken.
Operator: Thank you Ken. We now have a question from Ben Kallo from Baird. Ben, please go ahead when youre ready.
Ben Kallo: Hi, good morning everyone, and thanks for taking my questions. Ray, you touched on the regulatory environment just in your ethanol comments, but maybe just on a broader level, maybe around renewable diesel, if you guys could talk about that. Then on the legislative front, I hate to ask because its anyones best guess, but how you see maybe the blenders tax credit and anything around aviation fuel evolving. Thank you.
Ray Young: Yes, on the biodiesel, as you know, the current blenders credit continues until the end of 2022 - December 31, 2022, so naturally were looking at whats happening on the legislative agenda in Washington on the BBB program to see whether it gets renewed. But historically what youve seen is, frankly, both parties are supportive of the biodiesel industry - its important for the United States, and so even if something doesnt occur on BBB, were optimistic that the blenders credit will get extended in one way or another through some form of legislation as we move through the year. If you recall, sometimes it happens after you get through the end of the year and then you have a retroactive biodiesel tax credit, which weve seen in the past, so we actually feel confident that something will occur there in order to kind of continue with the blenders credit on the biodiesel tax credit. On the SAF front, as you know, this is something that were working on right now with different partners. It is going to be an important part of the fuel industry in the future as we go green in terms of aviation fuel, so [indiscernible] frankly, again, the support we see in terms of the direction of SAF, were optimistic that some form of legislative--yes, some form of legislative actions will be taken to support the sustainable aviation fuel, the SAF industry. Again, its a nascent industry right now, right - very few gallons are being produced, but projections show that by 2030, theres going to be a need for about 4 billion gallons of sustainable aviation fuel in combination of United States and Europe, so its a significant growth industry and probably theres going to be some level of support required in order to start up this industry here.
Ben Kallo: And back to the renewable diesel front, could you just talk about any areas that youre watching? We talked about the supply side and how you discount new production facilities coming online, but could you talk about the demand side and where youre seeing incremental demand coming from, the regions that we already know out there or new regions? Thank you, and thanks for all of the answers.
Ray Young: The demand side is really driven by the different states implementing low carbon fuel standards, LCFS standards, particularly starting out in the west, but frankly it gets extended across all of the United States and Canada. The demand side is there as all the states move towards LCFS standards, and frankly the industry is just simply trying to respond to that demand by building the supply to meet that particular requirement there.
Ben Kallo: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Steve, please go ahead, I have opened your line.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. Do you think that soybean oil will represent the majority of the feedstock for this 5 billion gallons of renewable diesel?
Ray Young: Its going to represent an important part of it. As demand grows for renewable green diesel, its going to require the pull from many sorts of feedstocks, and in fact its very likely that even canola oil will find a pathway eventually to become part of a feedstock for renewable green diesel. But we still believe that maybe about 45% of the production will come from soybean oil, eventually small production out of the canola oil that I referenced there, so it is going to be an important component because theres just insufficient amount of, lets say, used cooking oil and other types of feedstocks, fat and rendering. Theres just not enough supply in order to meet this growing demand.
Steve Byrne: Even your 45% is 30 million acres of incremental soybeans, which I dont think is going to happen. Does that mean soybean exports get squeezed out and instead it gets crushed, the oil goes into RD, and you export the meal?
Ray Young: Weve indicated we believe that a lot of the U.S. soybean oil exports will actually come down, youre correct. I think there is going to be a diversion away from exports of soybean oil. There will also be some diversion away from even food applications. Theres going to be a daisy chain effect that goes on which, frankly, is actually supportive for the entire vegetable oil complex around the world. I think there is going to be some daisy chain effects that are going on in order to meet this type of demand.
Steve Byrne: And then what about your Slide 15, where you show forward sales by farmers in South America being below historical averages? Do you attribute that to the uncertainty that they are seeing with their current crop, just from either drought or excessive rain, and if grain and oilseed production is lower there in 2022, or the rest of the world for that matter, is that a net benefit to you in trading?
Juan Luciano: Steve, this is Juan. What youre seeing from the farmer in South America is reflective of both things. One is the current impact in South America, and the second is, as you see, they are looking at what happened with the size of the crop. In terms of whether its beneficial for ADM or not, our role is to try to fulfill our mission of providing nutrition around the world, and thats where we use our supply chain to make sure that we deliver to our customers and we deliver to the populations around the world. Sometimes it coincides with margin expansion in some parts of the business, sometimes it may not. We like the fact that there is strong demand around the world, and that tends to be good for ADM, yes.
Steve Byrne: Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We now have our next question from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes, good morning. Just wanted to sort of get your take on the current transportation system and the outlook it supports, both in New Orleans, are we fully recovered from the hurricanes, and then kind of the barge system and whats happening over in the ports in China. Whats sort of the back-up, and is business flowing normally or how backed up is it?
Juan Luciano: Yes Michael, good question. Lets talk about China. Some slight COVID-related challenges in China are impacting ports, but to be honest, the situation has improved. Initially we got the highlights, but in general the port situation continues to improve, and maybe we have average waiting about two, three days for bulk cargo in agriculture in most main ports, so I would say China is kind of okay. Weve seen line-ups or demurrage time increasing in Brazil. There are still boats exporting corn and importing fertilizers since the soybean crop is a little bit delayed. We are seeing more--we are seeing waiting times kind of double from maybe 15 days to 30 days in Brazil, and thats pushing some volume into North America for maybe March-April deliveries. North America export capacity has recovered for the most part. I think there is one plant that was going to have some long term or medium term, if you will, repairments, but for the most part, the export capacity has been recovered to pre-idle levels, at least for us. I would say in terms of the river, the Illinois River, there is a lot of freezing and there is a lot of icy conditions that have slowed down the river movement, and we see that, and that probably will continue.
Michael Piken: Great, thats helpful. Then just as a follow-up, whats the elevation margin outlook as you guys see it for the year? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Were seeing--as you know, we have the impact of Ida in Q4, we had the demand but we didnt have the ability to support to supply, so a lot of that volume was moved into Q1. We have seen the elevation margins increasing in Q1, so a little bit as expected, so we feel good about how to satisfy that demand.
Michael Piken: Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Eric of Seaport Research Partners. Eric, please go ahead.
Eric Larson: Yes, thank you. Thanks for squeezing me in everybody. Congrats on a great quarter. Great year everyone. 
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Eric Larson: I know this has kind of been beaten to death and obviously its very important, so if you--its again on the renewables. If you just take the renewable green diesel market, if you just look at the amount of feedstock thats required to kind of get to that 2025 goal, your goal of 5 billion gallons, its--and I think it was alluded to earlier with that 45% comment, its 30 million acres of increased--its the equivalent of 30 million acres of soybean production, which it just isnt going to happen.  I know that Greg and Chris are all over this. Doesnt this--its got to be--it is a global market, it will be. Doesnt this just feed right into your--into a very positive long term outlook for ag services that youre going to have to be able to pull globally a lot of resources in to meet these demand functions, but thats what makes it possible. Is that the way to look at this?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think Eric, when you have one explosion in demand in one place of the world, resources from around the world will come, and as Ray was saying, maybe were going to export less, certainly we may import more, and there are going to be shifts between the different products. I would say we continue to be in a world that requires more food and also that requires to help the environment. It has been a structural change in demand for us, and for a company that has assets around the world, that probably means better utilization of those assets and better value of those assets as we try to solve these issues.
Eric Larson: Good, well thanks. The final question I have, and a lot of those have been answered already, so when we look at the current year in terms of U.S. crop production, what are you hearing from your farmer clients? Obviously it looks like were putting a bid in the corn markets today to get more corn production. Theres a lot of uncertainty with input costs and all the other stuff. What is your feel for how in this early--well, its not so early anymore, its getting close to the time, what is your feel on how the crop production outlook looks for this year, kind of by crop?
Juan Luciano: We expect a strong U.S. planting. Of course, some of those decisions, as you said, its getting the time to make those decisions, and a lot of people are looking at the South American weather. South American weather is very strange at the moment - there is very dry conditions in Parana or the south of Brazil, and maybe Argentina, and it was a little bit too wet in the north. Numbers in the north are coming strong in terms of yield for Brazil. I think that the recent rains have stopped the deterioration of the crop in Argentina and the south of Brazil, and probably with Paraguay having already felt the damage. We believe in the U.S. We still believe that probably corn will outpace soybeans in terms of acres, so wed probably think about, I dont know, something like 93 million acres of corn, 87 million acres of soybeans give or take. I understand the dynamics about fertilizers and all that, but I think even the prices of last year, I think that the prime land will probably maintain the same mix.
Eric Larson: Yes, I would agree with you. Thank you Juan, and again congratulations on a great year.
Juan Luciano: Thank you. Thank you Eric.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to hand it back to Vikram Luthar for some closing remarks.
Vikram Luthar: Thank you Rika.  Thank you for joining us today. Slide 13 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions. Have a great day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining. That does conclude todays call. You may disconnect your lines and have a lovely day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and good morning and welcome to the ADM's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Vikram Luthar CEO, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations, Chief Financial Officer, Nutrition for ADM. Mr. Luthar, you may begin.
Vikram Luthar: Thank you, Emily. Good morning and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at www.ADM.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2. The Company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute Forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, Company performance, and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Juan Luciano will provide an overview of the quarter and highlight some of our accomplishments. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young will review the drivers of our performance, as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Then Juan will make some final comments after which, they will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3, I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. This morning, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.97, but it's a 9% year-over-year improvement despite a higher tax rate. And our year-to-date adjusted EPS of $3.69 is already above our full-year 2020 adjusted EPS. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1 billion, up 18% versus the third quarter of 2020. And our 8th consecutive quarter of year-over-year OP growth. Our trailing 4-quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $4.6 billion, almost a billion more than a year ago. And our trailing 4-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 9.6%, significantly higher versus the year-ago period. I remain proud to lead a global team that is delivering robust returns and sustained growth in profits. Our strong quarter and our ongoing upward trajectory are a testament to our team's execution and agility, and the consistent implementation of our strategic plan. I'd like to take a moment now to highlight some of our accomplishments from the quarter. Slide 4, please. I'd like to start by talking about our approach to portfolio management. Our starting point if they believe that in order to thrive and create value, a Company needs to have a dynamic view of its business portfolio. So when we talked about the dramatic transformation of our portfolio over the last 10 years, it's not a discrete event, it's a representation of our continuous work to identify opportunities for growth and improvement. Of course, those opportunities may be the -- must be the right ones. The enduring trends of food security, health, and well-being, and sustainability, provide unique and stable opportunities for ADM to expand our existing capabilities. And we're focusing our efforts on identifying high-growth on-trend areas with attractive margins and which are adjacent to our existing capabilities. That focusing formed the building of our Global Nutrition business. The acquisition of Wild gave us entry into flavors and a global taste platform. With end-used bolt-on acquisitions to add adjacent capabilities and build a one-stop shop with an industry-leading pantry of ingredients and solutions for human nutrition. We do the same for animal nutrition with the acquisition of Neovia. And we continue to do the same today as grows our business. In order to meet growing demand for sustainable solutions, we have announced a joint venture and offtake agreement with Marathon Oil Company to support the production of renewable diesel. We're continuing to invest in key nutrition categories. As demand for alternative protein grows from $10 billion to $30 billion over the next decade, we're further enhancing our work capabilities with the acquisition of Sojaprotein. And with global demand for pet foods growing $240 billion in the coming years, we are continuing our growth with a 75% ownership stake in PetDine. In the area of microbiome, we've signed an agreement with Vland Biotech to launch a joint venture that will perfectly position to help meet $1 billion in retail demand for probiotics in China. These are just some examples of how we are dynamically positioning our portfolio to continue driving growth for years to come. There will be more to come, and you can expect an increased level of investments to support our sustainable earnings growth and further expand our capacity and capabilities. Please turn to Slide 5. As part of our portfolio management approach, we're working to evolve our carbohydrate solutions business. Expanding our arrays of solutions to meet growing customer demand driven by the enduring trend of sustainability. We've made significant progress recently focused on two areas, new opportunities for our alcohol production and our growing value solutions platform. Then we start with alcohol. Last Thursday, we announced that we reached an agreement which we expect to close at the end of the month to sell our ethanol facility in Peoria. And yesterday, we announced a Memorandum of Understanding with Gevo to explore potential joint ventures, one of which would include our Columbus and see that rapid design mills, and our would've ethanol assets indicator. Transitioning 900 million gallons of ethanol production to support growing demand for low-carbon, sustainable aviation fuel. These actions represent our commitment to a process that we began when we first announced the third issue review of our dry mills review of our dry mills. Taken together, they will allow us to significantly reduce our exposure to vehicle fuel ethanol while using our expertise and assets to capitalize on new opportunities. SAS is one of those opportunities. The U.S. and EU have set goals that together, will support almost 4 billion gallons of annual sustainable aviation of fuel production by 2030 and more than 45 billion by 2050. The other focus area for are carbohydrate solutions evolution is our bio solutions growth platform. Biosolutions, which we launched about a year ago, is an effort focused on using our product streams to expand our participation in sustainable, higher-margin solutions for attractive end markets like pharmaceuticals and personal care. This is an area of significant potential, and our team is doing a great job identifying new and exciting opportunities. Earlier this fall, for example, we signed an MOU with LG Chem for the production of lactic and polylactic acid for bioplastics and other plant-based products. These efforts are enabling value solutions to deliver 10% annualized revenue growth, Including more than $80 million in new revenue wins in the first 9 months of this year. And we believe there are many new opportunities to come. So from the transformation of our dry mills to our growing biosolutions platform, our work to evolve our would carbohydrate solutions capabilities is a perfect example of how we're managing our portfolio and delivering the smart strategic growth. And one of the many reasons we remain convinced in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings growth in the years to come. Lets talk a little bit more about our business outlook at the end of our call. And of course, we'll be going into much more detail at our Global Investor Day on December 10th. But in the meantime, I will turn the call over to Ray to talk about our business performance. Ray.
Ray Young: Yeah, thanks, Juan. Slide 6, please. The Ag Services in Oilseeds team continued their outstanding year with another quarter of substantial profit growth. In Ag Services, we're proud of how the team executed in a challenging environment, including a swift return to operation after Hurricane Ida. Overall results were significantly lower versus the prior year quarter, driven by approximately $50 million in net timing effects that should reverse in coming quarters, as well as $54 million in insurance settlement recorded in the prior year period and lower export volumes caused by Hurricane Ida. Global trade continues its strong performance. The crushing team delivered substantially higher year-over-year results executed well, delivering stronger margins in a dynamic environment that includes strong demand for vegetable oils to support our existing food customers, as well as the increasing production of renewable diesel. Results were also driven by about $70 million in net positive timing effects in the quarter. Refined products and other results were significantly higher than prior-year period driven by positive timing effects of approximately $80 million that are expected reverse in future quarters. Strong execution EMEA North America biodiesel, and strong refining premiums due to demand for renewable diesel, and food service recovery in North America also contributed to the results. Equity and earnings from Walmart were lower year-over-year. Now, looking ahead, we expect to see continued fundamental demand strength for egg service and oil seeds products, including from China, as well as solid global soybean crush margin environment in the Fourth Quarter. Partially offset by some higher manufacturing costs. In addition, RPO will be negatively impacted by timing reversals. All told, we expect results in the fourth quarter to be significantly higher than the third quarter of this year. Slide 7, please. Carbohydrate solution results were lower year-over-year. The starches and sweeteners sub-segment, including ethanol production from our wet mills, showed their agility by managing through dynamic market conditions and optimizing mix between sweeteners and ethanol production through the quarter. Year-over-year results were significantly lower primarily due higher input cost. Vantage corn processor results were much higher versus the third quarter of 2020, supported by their resumption of production of -- at our 2 dry mills and improved fuel ethanol margins, particularly late in the quarter. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect the solid fundamentals from the end of the third quarter to continue for Carbohydrate Solutions with good ethanol margins extending through the quarter due to industry supply demand balance in solid demand for corn oil and starches, offset by higher manufacturing costs, particularly in Europe. As well as the absence of the Peoria dry mill. All told, fourth quarter results for the segment should be similar to the previous year fourth quarter. On Slide 8, the nutrition business remains on its solid growth trajectory with 17% higher revenues and 15% on a constant currency basis and 20% higher profits year-over-year in continued strong EBITDA margins. The Human Nutrition team delivered revenue growth of 12% year-over-year on a constant-currency basis, helping to drive 9% higher profits. Higher volume, improved product mix for particular strength in beverage show strong flavor results in the  in North America, partially offset by lower results in APAC. Especially ingredients continued to benefit from strong demand for alternative proteins offset by some higher costs. Health and wellness results were higher on robust sales growth in bioactives and fiber. And nutrition profits were nearly  driven primarily by the strength in the mineral assets, as well as feed additives. Looking ahead. We expect nutrition to continue on its impressive growth path with strength across the human and animal nutrition, linked to strong year-over-year earnings expansion and a 20% full-year growth versus 2020. Slide 9, please. Let me finish up with a few observations from the other segment, as well as some of the corporate line items. Other business results were substantially lower in the prior year period, driven primarily by captive insurance underwriting losses, most of which were offset by corresponding recoveries in the other business segments. We expect fourth quarter to have some additional insurance underwriting losses resulting in a break even other business for the Fourth Quarter. As expected, net interest expense for the quarter decreased year-over-year on lower interest rates, and a favorable liability management actions taken in the prior year. In the corporate lines, an allocate corporate costs of $230 million were driven primarily by higher IT offering and project-related costs into the centralized centers of  in supply chain and operations. Looking at total corporate costs,  in other corporate, we are still on track for the calendar year to be overall similar to 2020. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2021 was approximately 18%. We anticipate our calendar-year adjusted effective tax rate to be the upper end of our previously communicated range of 14% to 16%, and potentially a bit higher depending upon the geographic mix in the fourth quarter. Our balance sheet remains solid with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 26% and available liquidity of about $11.5 billion. With that, I will turn it back to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Slide 10 please. From consistent sustained profit growth to the ongoing management of our business and product portfolio, our team has a lot to be proud of. And there's one other thing we achieved last quarter that I want to mention. We have many team members impacted when Hurricane Ida hit in late August, so we provide the temporary housing arrangements, portable generators, food and water, and more. In fact, many ADM colleagues traveled to the region and spent time helping repair their co-worker's damaged homes. Out of that, I'm very thankful to our team.  as we plan to grow into our outlook in far more of depth on our December 10th Global Investor Day. As I look back at the Third Quarter, and all of the last 9 months, I continue to see a team and a Company that are delivering on our goals and our purpose. We are closing out 2021 with great momentum. We're on track for a strong Fourth Quarter, and the second consecutive year of record earnings per share. And as we look ahead to 2022, we see another strong year for ADM. A robust global demand environment will continue to look for opportunities for us to leverage our indispensable globally origination, processing and logistics capabilities. And nutrition will continue on its strong growth trajectory in line with our 15% and on its way to a billion dollars in operating profit in the coming years. Of course, there are  widely. Thanks to our unique value chain and global footprint, our unmatched  and well-being and sustainability, and a truly unparalleled team of nearly 40,000 colleagues around the world, we remain very optimistic in the strong year to come. With that, Emily, 
Operator: To register your questions, please,  Our first question today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Ben, your line is open.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Vikram Luthar: Morning Ben.
Ray Young: Hey, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I've got one long-term question with regards to your announcement yesterday around SAS. And then I want to ask a clarifier on the guidance. Yesterday, congratulations. A couple of questions. One is, when you think about the total opportunity for SAS, obviously the embedded demand is significant, given SAS seems like one of the most pertinent ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, though are unclear at this time. So I'm curious has you think about engaging with Gevo on this partnership? One, well, to commit these facilities. to this end market ultimately. And then to help us think about kind of the  the Memorandum of Understanding, why did you go with that initially versus a more legally binding agreement? And then, if you would just talk just bigger picture  the ethanol markets that would be helpful. I know a lot in there, but I'd love to hear you talk about it.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ben. We've been looking at the options for the dry mills for a very, very long time. So we've been studying the opportunities for the ADM shareholders to o as we try to divert these assets. Certainly, when we look at the sustainability trends and the opportunities, remember one of the issues with these assets are, they are very large. Would become -- would became a little bit of an issue at the time by testing them. So we were looking for opportunities that are sizable. We are that size turns into a competitive advantage. So certainly, when you look at all the industries to CO2, and we have identified, and we have checked with strategic partners, people in the industry that they say yes, is the solution. And I think we see also concurrently that both the U.S. and the European governments are looking at this a year final, trying to incentive the demand for that. So you heard President Biden or Secretary Franco for making statements about that. So we see a very positive environment developing for this, a very sizable adjustable markets for us. And when you combine our size with our raw material procurement and our costs and the ability to decarbonize based on our carbon capture and sequestration. As you recall, we've been running since 2017. Allows that complex to provide very competitive, low CI fuels for the industry. So we decided to . There are many opportunities and options potentially could happen, which is the creation of these two joint ventures. In one of those joint ventures, ADMs contribution  will be the 2 dry mills as I would objective it as to deconsolidate these two. So again, but still too many discussions to happen and many foreigners to join us into this. We are thinking over time to have a minority position in diesel, having probably strategics of financial foreigners to join us. So -- but overall, as you can be assured, this is a better outcome for our shareholders in terms of the realization of value from these two drivers. So we're very excited about the opportunities.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Great. My next question is a clarifier in the discussion to the extent you can on 2022. First, Ray, did I hear you say on the Ag Services and Oilseeds for the fourth quarter, you expect it to be higher than the third quarter, but you didn't say higher than the fourth quarter last year? Is that -- are those the goalpost we should be thinking about? That's part 1, and then question 2 within that is, export demand looks strong for next year, obviously renewable diesel is continuing to gain steam. How do you feel about Ag Services and crushing in that broader Ag Services and Oilseeds segments as we go into 2022?
Juan Luciano: So Ben, listen. As we think about Q4 for ADM, and when we say we expect a strong Q4, we look at strong crush margins, demand this is strong for proteins, but also the demand for Oilseeds very strong and tight and then you add RGD on top of that. We are facing an improved ethanol environment as we enter the Q4. We are estimating exports from the U.S. in volume similar to last year.  competitors plant is down because of our same situation. And then we continue to see nutrition growing at 15 to 20%. Inflation, we have energy issues that the team is dealing with it and trying to mitigate. But we're coming into Q4 and into Q1 with a strong momentum. We feel very strong about crush margins. Our  export window given that in September we didn't export that much, is probably going to be extended into January or February. A little bit maybe even longer than last year. So we feel very good at the moment, but again, with an environment that there are supply chain issues, there are energy inflation rising, so we will have to manage all that, but from a demand perspective, we feel very good about it.
Operator: From Bank of America. Luke, your line is now open.
Luke Washer: Thank you. Good morning, team.
Juan Luciano: Good morning.
Ray Young: Good morning, Luke.
Luke Washer: I just wanted to ask a quick question and follow-up on Ben. You mentioned that the Peoria facility and this new MOU, Gevo, you've done a lot with your ethanol assets. So just a clarifying point, are your strategic review of the ethanol assets completed? Are you still thinking about  Now how you're looking at your fuel ethanol capacity, even wet mills, or is you're thinking now evolve?
Juan Luciano: Yeah, no, I would say that the conclusion of its  review ended being the best option for Peoria was to divest it, which was basically shed about 135 million gallons of our ethanol capacity. And then we are taking about 2/3 of all our ethanol capacity in these MoU with Gevo exploring options solidating because we're going to be reviewed in these to joined . The assets to the joint venture. But of course we're going to have some exposure to ethanol on the long-term basis because that's changed for ethanol. First of all, remember we always said we didn't like the undifferentiating nature of dry mills. In wet mills, we have more options to protect margins and to protect returns. But secondly, is by taking all these capacity out of out of the market, basically got 900 million gallons in about two years are going to move from vehicle ethanol to SAS feedstock. Then we think that supply demand fundamentals and the margin environment that concludes our  to now execute on the transaction  but still have a lot to be discussed.
Luke Washer: That makes sense. And then just staying on Carbohydrate Solutions quickly. Ray, I believe you said that operating profit  last year and ethanol margin  turned it looks like you were able to continue  seem to be pretty good in 4Q. So when I think about the starches and sweeteners side, it would seem that you are seeing quite a bit of maybe margin compression or at least lower operating profit. Is this just a the function of you have higher input costs? And then how are you thinking about what you're selling, some of your sweeteners at or starches that will offset some of that margin pressure potentially?
Ray Young: No, you're right. We're vertically over in Europe. So that's a little bit of a headwind. At the same time, you are right and the ethanol margins that we're seeing right now in the market are extremely healthy. And that's just reflective above to fallen down to 20 million variables right now. And when you take a look at driving miles in gasoline demand, were sickly back to pre -pandemic levels of demand again. And so on the positive side, I would have to say the ethanol margins. On the issue of sweeteners and starches, what's interesting is while a lot of people focus on the HFCS guide the business, the other parts of our business are doing extremely well than the non - HFCS business. For example, citric acid demand is extremely strong, starches demand, extremely strong. So when we put it all together, that's why we provided the guidance that there are some puts and takes, but we expect our fourth quarter for Carbohydrate Solutions to be similar to where we were last year.
Luke Washer: Got it. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Ken, please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, guys.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: The investments that you have made, there's several of them, and the 75% in the tech business, the LG Chem, the ACS  So how much capital have you deployed to this? What is the return expected on the -- I'll start there and then I'll ask the follow-up to that.
Ray Young: Yeah, I mean, I think we haven't disclosed the amount of capital in terms of the LG Chem, I mean, that's still up -- being discussed right now in terms of how the partnership will form on lactic acid and polylactic acid. The access vial is not that significant. The big, big investment that you mentioned here is really the P4, the  investment, the  Company. And again, we decided to invest 75% into it, right? So therefore, I think we've managed that capital there. So the total invested capital on these recent announcement, actually, is far less than the billion dollars . This is consistent with the kind of the bolt-on type of investment numbers that we've talked about in the past, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: And then also those Sojaprotein. But if I take that and then, one, you said that in 2022, from nutrition, you still expecting that 15 and then you blood is up a little bit to 15% to 20%, which is always nice to hear. But if you're adding less than a billion, but it sounds like more than a breadbasket, is that number going to start to capitals work? Would we start to see that number accelerate at what year and what type of returns that we expected or is it just not enough to make a difference? I'm just trying to cement that in my head.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Certainly, Ken, we will see acceleration based on these investments. When we talked about our plan of 15%, that plan was not contemplating any significant acquisitions. And we were thinking and getting to about a billion-dollar OPE in a couple of years, so that trajectory continues and will be accelerated with some of these deals. Some of these deals you have to understand are just bolt - ons where we plant some capacity where we don't have like in Sojaprotein and things like that, and some other ones become more platforms that actually give us people to accelerate even more our growth rate. But we will continue in an investment phase on Nutrition because the opportunities are there. Our customers are reacting positively to our value proposition and we see our pipeline and our quarterly wins continue to grow. As long as we can post numbers of revenue growth in the 15% range and OP growth in the 
Ken Zaslow: Are you outlining, every year you do it.  consumer trend better, you believe is going to be the future of where we're going. This one you laid out a -- when you think of your portfolio, what percentage of your portfolio you think targets those 8 today and then when I think back in 3 to 5 years, what percentage of your portfolio will target those 8 items. And then I'll leave it there and I appreciate your time.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. That's a very good question to which we'll provide more granularity at the December  Investor Day, but I will say in general terms, and that's where you see us working on the evolution of the Carbohydrate Solutions portfolio. Probably, the Carbohydrate Solutions portfolio because of  the big assets, it's a one more difficult to adjust to some of these. We think that our services in all  and nutrition, are margin  that's more aligned to that. And now that we are evolving the portfolio of Car solutions, we feel that the significant percentage of ADMs in couple of years will be aligned towards these trends. Which make us very optimistic about the future. We are very well-positioned for all these long-term trends.
Ken Zaslow: But in the  you, percentages are something to give some context to it like, hey, by 5 years will be at 25% or 30% or something part of how you're thinking. So I just hope that you do that. We appreciate it. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes. We will provide that granulating. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Piken: To understand a little bit better your outlook for exports, you mentioned that you think the outlook for China and their grain demand can be strong. Could you quantify what you think for their corn and soybean exports for the next year and then also the U.S. share of what's going to go to China?
Juan Luciano: Yeah, Mike  listen, we still believe that protein demand is very strong. And when we look and we check with our team in China, we still believe that China will need to import about a 100 million tons give or take of soybeans and about 25 million tons of corn. So of that corn, the majority will come from the U.S. a little bit from Ukraine. So we think that the volumes, although maybe a slightly in a different way than last year, right now, consumers are a little bit more short term. More hand-to-mouth, if you will, because they were expecting from a little bit of a correction in prices as we were hitting the harvest in the last few weeks. And we feel very good about this exports season. You have to remember that we were in a tight situation from a supply-demand perspective given these import numbers. And then when you add that, some of that capacity has been taken out, this will make it for a tight exports season that will probably have rolled forward maybe a month since in October -- at the beginning of October all these facilities were still trying to recover power.
Michael Piken: Right. And then my follow-up is just -- it seems like right now there's shortages of fertilizer and maybe  say. What is your expectations for in Brazil or even in the U.S.? Do you think we're going to be able to have enough fertilizer to plant crops around the world? And what does that mean for your fertilizer business that more broadly speaking? Are you worried about being able to get enough crop plant around the world or how -- what's the work around from that? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Listen, at this point in time, it's a matter of price, of course, so natural gas have driven this up. Different situation when you 're in Europe than you 're in North America. So North America is paying like 5 bucks to 6 bucks for natural gas; Europe is paying maybe 30. But I will say, at this point in time, it continues to be available for farmers only at higher prices. And we haven't detected a big shift in acreage from one to the other. It's still a little bit early from planting intentions, and you could think that potentially could be a shift from corn to soybeans, that is not clear yet. And probably, the numbers today are a little bit of a tossup for the farmer on what to go. So, acreage for next year.
Michael Piken: Okay great. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Simonitsch from JP Morgan. Tom, your line is open.
Tom Simonitsch: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Hey Tom. So you just  in China to serve as a supply hub in the region. What is your outlook for Nutrition in Asia-Pacific compared to other regions? You've called out APAC is an area of weakness in both Human and Animal Nutrition in the last couple of quarters. So how much of that relative weakness is down to ADM's current capabilities in the region, as opposed to .
Juan Luciano: Right. I think that we've been very proud of being  nutrition is  have been happening on the developed parts of the world, if you will, in which developing market's exposure is still  hold for ADM, whether we're talking about South America or Asia Pacific. So in Asia Pacific, we've been a player  flavors for a while and this is just an expansion. This is at about an hour a way from consumption. So we feel very good from a raw material perspective. We feel very good from an access to a big consumption base. And this will be very important for our customers. Our participation in Asia was limited to one plant for Flavors and about a handful of plants for animal nutrition. And we continue to build that position in animal nutrition. We feel very good about it. And then given this opportunity in flavors, we will enhance our capabilities, not just production, but also market development and probability for customer innovation centers. So you will see us going and putting more flags from the -- on the world in the developing areas. Whether it is Asia-Pacific or South-America, as we need to go and support our global customers. These are our customers that we do business every day here. And some of them are represented there, but also we have a lot of new local customers that are requiring these capabilities. So it's just a natural evolution of the business if you will.
Tom Simonitsch: Thanks for that, Juan. And just following up on SAS. What is your operating plan for the two dry mills between now and 2025, when that SCF production is expected to come online?
Ray Young: We expect  construction around that area. There probably is some transition. But as we look out over the next couple of years, we do expect that driving models are going to -- are coming back, we're seeing tight S&D right now in terms of our industry. We are seeing frankly the rest of the world is starting to recover from the pandemic. So we expect rest-of-world driving miles to start recovering. And so therefore, there is a lag in terms of recovery of exports of ethanol from U.S. to the rest of the world. So I think over the next couple of years, I think you're going to continue to see some level of demand recovery from outside the U.S. for ethanol, and then even China, as we talked about, I mean, they're focused on the environment, on energy. You could actually see China and  returning back to the markets. And we've seen a little bit of that already.
Juan Luciano: So let me clarify from an operating's perspective. We now going to be doing anything two these dry mills. So dry mills will produce ethanol. And then there is downstream technology and capabilities that Gevo brings to the table to transform them into SAS. But those two plants will continue to produce ethanol as they are. We are not planning to invest capital into that. Our contribution is those two plants, and then Gevo takes it from there, from a downstream perspective.
Tom Simonitsch: That's very helpful. Thank you. I will leave it there and pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Ben, please proceed.
Ben Theurer: Good morning.  Ray congrats on the results. Just two quick follow-up questions. One on  and I understand your commentary around the expectation into the Fourth Quarter, but just trying to maybe get a little bit of a sense differently. So clearly, you have some implications in the third quarter because of Hurricane Ida, and you expect some of those effects to reverse in coming quarters. Are you comfortable enough that those almost immediately reversing and benefiting your fourth quarter, so to speak, you have a chance to get some workflows to where it was last year. So that will be my first question.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. I would say, we expect a strong quarter for our services in this year. And you have to understand when sometimes at the end  the year it becomes complicated because they could be margin expansion, margin contraction here, and the accounting rules  according to Q1 and we need to respect that. What we're talking, what we can be determine from middle of October, which is today, is the fundamentals from the market, and demand is strong, and the export capacity it was tight starting into these. And we started to see our so we feel good about it. But again, it's difficult to call it sometimes Q4 versus Q1 because of the accounting rules and we can determine that now, we have to determine that at the end of the 
Ben Theurer: Perfect. And then if we take a look at the Nutrition business and you've highlighted it in your prepared remarks. Obviously, the very strong performance on the Animal Nutrition side, almost doubling operating profit but then Human Nutrition on the other side grow for  just in the high single-digits. Could you explore a little more on the details of what were the issues for the maybe  lower than what you would want to see grow in Human Nutrition? Was it more of an impact because of input cost pressure where you just didn't pass that on significantly in the way you would have wanted to, or are there certain demand issues  there's still in certain areas? Just to understand a little better what's been driving the growth in human nutritional  some of the growth that way better.
Juan Luciano: If you look at the Human Nutrition for the quarter, we grew revenue about 12%. I mean, it's actually a pretty good number, and I think, if you look at our EBITDA margin on sales, we were able to maintain that EBITDA margin on sales. So when you grow twice the industry clip, if you will, and you maintain margins, so I was pretty satisfied. Of course, it's not the spectacular maybe improvement year-over-year than Animal Nutrition have, but this is because Human Nutrition has been more stable and doing -- in animals, we're still going through the Neovia integration and all those things, but no, I don't think it was a weak quarter at all actually. Actually, I think as I said, we continue to grow maybe twice the industry rates and maintaining very robust EBITDA margins on sales. So EBITDA margins on sales for flavors are north of 20%. And we've been able to maintain despite 
Ben Theurer:  Congrats again,. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Robert, please proceed.
Robert Moskow: Just a couple of cleanup questions. Can you talk about your pricing outlook for corn sweeteners? It would appear that corn prices have been on kind of a roller coaster, they're down off their highs. And how is that impacting negotiations for next year? And then I had a follow-up on the pea protein market.
Ray Young: Hey, Robert. It's Ray here. So the contracting season's underway, and we expect HFCS volumes and margins for EM to remain strong in 2022. Clearly, we did see some volatility in terms of corn prices. And that's -- Frankly, the input costs will get reflected in terms of our contract pricing. And we do expect contract pricing to be higher next year compared to this year. Volume-wise, we do expect volumes for '22 to be similar to what we've seen this year.
Juan Luciano: You're seeing recovery in terms of the Food Service Sector. What -- when I look at Carbohydrate Solutions in total, non-HFCS is actually a very important component as well. And we've seen non-HFCS  pretty attractive with a good margin  side. And that's just reflective of really a strong demand environment for citric acid, for starches, for dextrose, and other products. So that's another important factor when you take a look  And look at Carbohydrate Solutions business in total for 2022. As I indicated earlier, we do think that the bio-fuel part of the business should be actually quite positive when you compare  year compared to this year. So when you put it all together, we do expect  solution to have another strong 
Robert Moskow: And then the follow-up on pea proteins. You mentioned -- I think alternative protein. I thought I had heard that the pea crop in Canada was weak. But my perception is that that doesn't matter that much to processors like yourself. But maybe you can help me understand whether it does or it doesn't, and how much volume are you doing in that market for the alternatively end markets.
Juan Luciano: Yeah, Rob.  facility, and we feel very good about that business, actually. Specialty Ingredient Systems that we see in some of these new verticals. And both businesses are relatively new. They have almost no revenue  solutions for customers. We have a strong customer interest in these areas and everybody wants to  foundation. So at this point in time, soy is the main driver for us.  or a supplement or is different  perspective. It's not a big impact, so we haven't felt any impact in our plant at all.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews, from Morgan Stanley. Vincent your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. And good morning, everyone. One, just want to ask you on the LGM -- LG Chem, excuse me. The LG Chem JV. Why is it set up in two JVs rather than just one integrated production of lack of asset and then into THA? What's the thought process behind having an upstream and the downstream set up?
Juan Luciano: This is a matter of where the expertise of each Company lies and, to be honest also, we want to be as asset life as possible. So in areas where LG is dominant and they're going to build that downstream capacity. When we think about value solutions, our objective , is to make , an ownership position and  we start making chemicals  application technology and all that, we cannot become a chemical Company. So in that, we let the partner, take  position. So we make corn grind plus one if you will, and then we let our partners take it from there. Which is a matter of optimized capital for us and not getting best scenario as where we are -- that are not coal for us. Coal areas for us will continue to be  within feed and beverages. When we go into these materials, if we're going to produce  that make sense, and then we have the partner doing the rest. Once we get the full details of the agreement, we'll see where the economics are setup and that would make sense to your investments will be in your target is trying to
Vincent Andrews: focus in net-to-net. As a follow-up, on the fertilizer issue, obviously the availability concerns, but seems like it's happening, it's at the high prices, they're deferring fertilizer purchases, particularly in South America. How percentage of the big soy groups  to buy less fertilizer, etc., and to you slide showing that farmer sales are I guess at a 5-year average, which is probably okay, but they're well below last year and probably the year before. So what impact does that have on your origination business if the farmer is slow to sell the beans or if they buy less fertilizers, then he may hold onto more beans if they want to keep the FX -- keep the dollars. So how do you think about that playing out for you moving into next year?
Juan Luciano: I'll say South America is always an issue with a little bit more factors in terms of farmer selling just because, although currency and under distortion that sometimes the government bring s into the  we continue to see maybe relatively slow farmer selling in Argentina and that will probably continue. It's been a little bit better in  in Brazil recently, but it's still relatively slow versus the accelerated pace at which they sold last year.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Anderson from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Vincent Anderson: Yes. Thanks. And I would like to continue as Vincent. Vincent  of questioning on PLA.Maybe just approaching it from trying to prioritize getting incremental return out of your core competency and fermentation technology, but maybe limiting direct participation in the PLA Market. And I ask just because that is a bit more of a commodity business than it feels like you've pushed more of your investments to recently?
Juan Luciano: I think that as we said, we are trying to and I think that you said we're trying to optimize our facilities and as such those facilities to demand that has more growth opportunity. In this issue, again, we don't want to go into making chemicals. That's a heavy capital intensive industry, and we want to make one derivative and then, reserve all that capital to continue to grow in food, feed, and beverages, and in health and wellness, that's what we're trying to do so LG Chem is a great partner. We're very honored to have them. They have very good technology and it's a little bit like the  discussions. We're going to continue to make ethanol, they will take it from there to make SAF. And with the -- with these partnerships, we're going to make lactic. They're going to take it from there to make PLA. So it's kind of a similar mindset.
Vincent Anderson: That's perfect. Thank you. Then just a quick point of clarification, if I understand the phrasing of that MOU announcement, it sounded like you're considering investing in lactic acid capacity that would maybe exceed LG's needs and then you would market the remaining product yourself. Is that correct? Then could you just talk briefly about the opportunity there as a stand-alone investment?
Juan Luciano: Listen, partial of that is correct. I mean, lactic it can go to many opportunities. But this is relatively early on  on the teams are looking at these. There is a lot -- there are a lot of numbers, there are a lot of things that could still change, there are a lot of discussions. So I wouldn't like to venture that much since the teams are still discussing with LG Chem and by 2050, 2060, 2040, whatever it is that these are they are looking back at their portfolio. They need to clean their portfolios, if you will. And one of the ways to do that is through recycling, the other way to do it is to go in plant-based. So we are receiving a lot of inbound request on that, and we're looking at our profits, our ability to produce plant-based products on our carbon capture and sequestration that provides an opportunity to make lower CI products. And we're trying to maximize the opportunity for ADM on all these. So some of these things may not be that well-defined because  that volume for the ADM shareholders. But it's a great opportunity for us and we will be mindful of returns and we not going to veer into areas that we shouldn't be putting capitals.  The capital will be reserved for our main thrust of the strategy, which is to continue to grow in food, and feed, and beverage.
Vincent Anderson: Understood. I appreciate the added  detail on that. Look forward to hearing more about it.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Larson from Seaport Research Partners. Eric, your line is open.
Eric Larson:  and the whole transaction. And I know that one of your -- maybe  your dislike that you had with ethanol over the years is the extreme volatility of  factors and when we talk about the  in the past, one of the things was trying to reduce your earnings volatility. So in your -- in the economic of how you nego -- We don't know much they are, but have you been able to -- do you think you've able to ink an agreement that actually gives you more sustainability or I guess plus volatility of current things on the economics of SAF going forward relative to ethanol.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. You're correct that Returns are important to us, but also dumping the volatility is in the mind of everything we do. So, of course, the team is considering that. I can't disclose that much at this early on. But I think what you need to also think is that over time, we will try to become a minority partner in all these. And the objective all these is to deconsolidate and take all those assets out of our participation. So to a certain degree, we're acting  owners long-term of this. That's why I talked before about  partners or financial partners. I think we're going to be able to deconsolidate. We're going to be able to monetize some amounts and if there is some upside to that, hopefully participate in all that. But you are correct. The objective is not to participate in 
Eric Larson: Okay, no that is  a lot. So when you look at the size of your  investments, they're -- those are relatively new assets, but I guess they're probably 8 to 10 years older obviously you so you've probably depreciated them pretty significantly already. Is your contribution to the  putting those assets in there, or would you expect to see maybe a modest capital return as part of that JV Agreement as well?
Juan Luciano: One of the reasons, Eric, that we landed in this option is that the valuation of our assets, I mean, it's better than the alternatives that we have. So we are pleased with the value at which we are contributing these 2 assets. We don't need or we don't plan to add  as such, then the joint venture or Gevo may put money for finishing of the -- and to convert it into  through their technology. But our participation stops with the contribution of these 2 dry mills as they are.
Eric Larson: Okay, perfect. Thank you. Juan, my questions at that. Thanks, everybody.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Our last question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Adam. Hi. Well, a lot of ground bidding covered. so I'll try and make this quick. On the DSAS MoU, can you just maybe clarify just in the beginning factors of what you'd be looking for on the regulatory side to really move ahead here. Obviously, SAS doesn't participate today in the RFS or California programs. So what would you want to see in terms of the federal or state action on SAS before you really fully commit to going ahead?
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Listen, we have experienced in both the U.S. and the European Union a strong desire to make this a reality. There is no another efficient way to decarbonize the airlines industry -- the aviation industry. Of course, on the short hauls, you can put the , long hauls is something like this. So we expect the governments to be a partner, to a certain degree, in creating some of these markets. Some of those things are too early for me to disclose. But there are commitments both the U.S. government and the European Union to create a market for that in the 50 billion gallons type of size. So there's going to be some helping in to that. But that's probably to the extent that I can talk about it right now.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then, just quickly on the Balance Sheet, maybe this is for Ray. At the end of the quarter, net debt to EBITDA was sub two times. You haven't bought back any stock this year. Just help us think about how we should think about stock buyback as part of the capital allocation mix going forward.
Ray Young: I think that as we -- we've been monitoring commodity prices very carefully. And when you look in our offering working capital, right now it's still $2 billion higher than we were last year. So as we think about commodity prices next year, assuming you have a strong South America crop, you have a normal crop in U.S.. You see commodity prices coming off again. And after we've funded some of the bolt-on acquisitions that we've talked about, I expect our Balance Sheet to be pretty strong. And so there we can probably start looking back at return of capital that we've looked like in the pa st. So I think a lot of it is a function of funding the investments that we've talked about, but importantly, making sure that the working capital environment reverts back to normalized levels, which I think -- I sense, assuming a normal South America crop, a normal U.S. crop next year. I see opportunities to look at return of capital.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. All right. I'll leave it there Thanks so much.
Ray Young: Thank you, Adam.
Juan Luciano: We'll be headlining on December 10th, Global Investor Day. We look forward to talking in more detail projectory and why we are so optimistic about the opportunities ahead. In the meantime, as always, feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you, everyone for joining us today. This now concludes today's conference call, please now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ADM Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call Vikram Luthar, Senior Vice President, Head of Investor Relations, Chief Financial Officer, Nutrition for ADM. Mr. Luthar, you may begin.
Vikram Luthar: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two, the company's Safe Harbor Statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and highlight some of our accomplishments. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review the drivers of our performance, as well as corporate results and financial highlights. Then Juan will make some final comments, after which they will take your questions. Please turn to slide three. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vikram. I'm pleased to share with you results that continue to demonstrate our success in delivering strong and sustained earnings growth. This morning, we reported record second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.33. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.2 billion, up 44% versus the second quarter of 2020. Our trailing fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $4.5 billion, almost $900 million more than a year ago. And I'm proud to report that our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 9.7%, which is both significantly higher than the 8.1% of the prior year period and also represents the achievement of our 10% objective. I'm proud of the entire ADM team for their great results this quarter. We're living up to our promises and our purpose. And the continuing execution of our strategy is delivering impressive ongoing growth for our company, our customers and our shareholders. I'd like to take a moment to highlight some of our accomplishments from the quarter. Slide four, please. Over the last decade, we made cultural, technology and process changes that help us revolutionize how we do our work every day.
Ray Young: Yes. Thanks Juan and good morning everyone. Move to slide nine please. The Ag Services and Oilseeds team followed up on their exceptional first quarter with another outstanding quarter. Ag Services results were higher year-over-year. The North American origination business delivered an outstanding second quarter, managing its positions effectively in a dynamic pricing environment and also achieved significantly higher export volumes, driven by corn sales to China. South American origination was significantly lower than the previous year's quarter driven by slower farmer selling and high commodity prices, which impacted contract fulfillment. Global trade performance was lower than the second -- strong second quarter of 2020 when customers were building inventories in mid-COVID-19. Results were also impacted by timing impacts that should reverse. Crushing had substantially higher year-over-year results. The business executed well in an environment of strong vegetable oil demand to deliver higher execution margins in North America soy and EU softseeds. Results were partially offset by weaker soybean crush margins in South America, driven by lower demand for biodiesel. In addition there were about $70 million in net incremental negative timing effects which should reverse in the coming quarters. Refined products and other results were significantly higher than the prior year period, driven by continued recovery in foodservice as well as positive timing effects in North America, partially offset by the effects of the reduction in the Brazilian biodiesel mandates. Equity earnings from Wilmar were higher year-over-year. Now, looking ahead, we expect Q3 performance for Ag Services and Oilseeds to be higher than the third quarter of 2020, driven by stronger results in crushing. We continue to anticipate full year results that will be significantly higher than 2020's very strong performance. Slide 10 please. The Carbohydrate Solutions team did a great job delivering results that were almost double those of the prior year period. Starches and Sweeteners, including ethanol production from our wet mills, delivered substantially higher year-over-year results in a highly dynamic pricing environment, driven by about $90 million in positioning gains across the ethanol complex, as well as more normalized results from corn oil. Sweetener volumes were higher reflecting the beginnings of a recovery in demand from the foodservice channel. Ethanol margins improved versus the prior year period driven by a resurgence in driving miles in the United States.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Slide 13 please. When I look back on our outstanding first half results following a record 2020, I see a team that is executing at a high level and a strategy that is delivering according to our plan. We have been constantly refreshing our portfolio, divesting from non-strategic businesses and redeploying capital consistent with our strategy. In doing so, we've built industry-leading capabilities to meet customer and consumer needs in high-growth categories such as meat alternatives, a category we expect to reach more than $100 billion in sales worldwide by 2030 and in which our PlantPlus Foods joint venture, now is participating, selling consumer products across Brazil and ready in its North American launch. Another example is dietary supplements, a segment on track to have $80 billion in sales globally by 2025; and in which we're constantly expanding our product portfolio including our recently introduced Bio-Kult Brighten, which includes ingredients to reduce tiredness and fatigue. And then there is pet food, which is forecast to grow to more than $130 billion globally by 2025 and an area in which we launched our new premium cat food in Mexico, earlier this year. The list goes on. Renewable green diesel, pharmaceuticals and personal care, beverages all large high-growth opportunities powered by macro consumer trends like sustainability and health and wellbeing. And in each of those segments and more, our unparalleled global footprint, fully integrated value chain, customer insight, broad portfolio and speed to market are setting us ahead of the competition and fueling our growth. That's why, we are so optimistic about our path forward. Of course, there are always going to be short-term factors for us to navigate. But those are not things that will impact our long-term success. Our confidence is rooted in the transformation we began a decade ago and which continues with our work in productivity and innovation, as well as our expanding participation in large and fast-growing market opportunities. So to conclude, we have a great start of the year and we expect to continue our momentum, in the second half to deliver very strong 2021 earnings. As we've discussed, we are moving to a new phase of our strategic growth plan. With what we have accomplished over the years on capital discipline targeted cost reductions and cash generation and moving through our portfolio transformation and our efforts to optimize business performance, drive efficiencies and expand strategically. I believe, we have successfully increased our base earnings power from $3 a share back in 2015 to a range of $4 to $4.50 this year. And now, as we enter the next stage of our growth leveraging the key macro trends of food security health and well-being and sustainability with our continued focus on productivity and innovation and with future targeted investments, we believe our medium-term ,annual earnings trend growth rate will be in the high single-digit percentages from these $4 to $4.50 per share baseline. With that operator please open the line for questions. 
Operator:  Your first question is from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson : Yes. Thank you, and good morning, everyone. 
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Adam.
Ray Young: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson : I want -- maybe just something you just mentioned in the prepared remarks the $4 to $4.50 baseline of EPS this year and the high single-digit growth thereafter just to be clear is that -- should we take that as a reasonably formal EPS range for 2021 just given the performance year-to-date? I just want to clarify just, how we're framing that. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Adam. Listen, when we were -- when we put together the previous phase of the strategy, we were looking at growing as I said before from $3 to land in the $4 to $4.50 area and achieve 10% ROIC. As we started to see those goals in sight, we started on the development of the new phase of the strategy. So we took that base of $4 to $4.50 and we created a five-year plan. When we put together that plan, with all these opportunities that I highlighted and focused on productivity and innovation, that plan shows that from that base of $4 to $4.50 will grow over the next five years at the rate of high single-digit growth per year. So that's what we said in the -- at the outlook. Hello? Are we still on the line?
Adam Samuelson: I'm sorry. And then, just a market macro question, if I may. Just, we've seen some volatility in oilseed crush margins around the world of late. It seems like, especially, in China, the soy meal demand has waned a little bit, with the wheat substitution and it seems like the global industry is really crushing for veg oil, given all the RD demand around the world. Can you just help us think about kind of how that rolls forward, as we think, especially with -- for you more heavily weighted towards soybeans and some pressure in terms of softseed crop availability on the oil side, as we go through the balance of the year and into 2022?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Adam. So, listen, we are very optimistic about the prospects for crush for the rest of the year and into next year. And if I go by geography, as I always do, from a North American perspective, margin remains exceptionally strong in North America in the $45 to $50 range. As you said, with a strong vegetable oil demand, in part driven by RGD, but we had already a very good oil demand and we see more recovery of our foodservices and more reopening of the economy. And that continues to enhance, of course, the oil share of the crush contribution. And also, the tightening supplies and logistical issues in South America are allowing also U.S. soybean meal to be a little bit more competitive in global markets. We see some compression in European soy margins, maybe to $10 to $20, as prices basically from South America oil imports are pressuring crush margins, especially this is the time of the year in which Argentina and Brazil are the most competitive. They are in the middle of the harvest. And of course they have reduced their biodiesel mandate, so there is more oil exportable, if you will. Although, the beauty of our long supply chain is that, as crush margins have softened in Europe, we got the benefit in biodiesel and the RPV given that. Brazil margins continue to remain solid for domestic plants, with maybe $25 to $35, despite the B10 biodiesel situation. And they are expected to remain solid as they move to higher B12 blend rates in the future starting I think in September. China margins are low due to high bean prices and lower soybean in demand. The herd is going through a rebalance there. And at the moment, there is a lot of wheat feed being fed. And -- but we're going to go through the harvest of wheat. And I think that's something that we see with optimism going forward is that, if you look at all the substitutes that we were facing last year whether it was sorghum or canola or sun or wheat, they have increased their inclusion in the Russians. And now all those things are having either weather issues or which is going to go through the harvest. So we see now the ability of soybean meal and corn inclusions to go up and that's positive as we go forward. As you mentioned on our watch list is canola margins. They have weakened. They were very strong in the first -- during the first half and -- but they have weakened on concern of a short drop, driven by the dryness in Canada. And canola margins are probably going to remain volatile until there is more certainty around the Canadian crop side. So two factors that we feel good about here is how valuable our switch capacity is, in this dynamic environment margins have shifted. And also how important it is our integration our long value chain. If you think North America today is capturing it in crush and maybe less so in biodiesel in Europe, we don't capture that much in crush, but we capture it in biodiesel. So, all this ability of our footprint to allow us to follow the margin, as it moves through the value chain has been very, very beneficial in these very volatile times.
Adam Samuelson: That's incredibly helpful color. Thanks so much. I'll pass it on.
Juan Luciano: Adam, maybe on the first question that you mentioned, again, the $4 to $4.50, as I said before, just to clarify, is our baseline in which we ran the exercise, because that was the landing spot of our previous strategy. And it's not a forecast or guidance for this year.
Adam Samuelson: Got it, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ben.
Ray Young: Hi Ben. Ben, are you on the line?
Operator: We'll go to the next questioner. Your next question is from Luke Washer of Bank of America.
Luke Washer: Hi. Good morning.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Luke.
Ray Young: Good morning, Luke.
Luke Washer: So, I wanted to ask you a few quick questions on your carbon capture projects. I think they're really interesting. Are you getting any 45Q tax credits, for the implementation of that technology? And now that it appears that it's commercially viable, do you intend to start the permitting process or working with other partners to build out and start capturing carbon at some of the other plants?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So the answer is, yes, to both. So we have a big permit for Decatur that we plan to of course leverage. And then, yes, we are exploring our ability to do so for other plants. We've been doing this relatively quietly, Luke since 2017. And as I said before, we have stored more than 3.5 million tons, safely underground. And this gives us the ability to start differentiating our products that we can assign some of the credits to some of these products and have those products be deemed low-carbon intensity product. So we have again, a big experience. We've been doing this for four years, in two different facilities. And we feel very good about the future. And this is going to be a growing part of our operations, for sure.
Luke Washer: And maybe just a quick follow-up on that, it -- this does lower the carbon score -- the carbon -- the CI scores of your plants, right?
Juan Luciano: That's correct.
Luke Washer: Okay.
Juan Luciano: Yeah.
Luke Washer: Okay, great. And then, maybe just a more short-term question on Carb Solutions, it looks like you really did well this quarter, particularly relative to expectations earlier this year. So can you talk through the -- I guess, the delta in your expectations and how things progress through the quarter? And maybe talk through the $90 million in positioning gains that you had? And then, you also talked about normalized results for corn oil. Corn oil prices are really high right now. So are you saying that that is a bit of a new normal, because of renewable diesel? Any other color there would be great.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Let me tell you why -- what -- one better if you will, as per your question. I think that this was the quarter that we needed to restart the ethanol dry mills that we have taken down, due to lack of demand. And we have from a technical perspective the perfect start-up. And certainly, they hit the ground with better margins than maybe we anticipated before bringing them up. Second, as we explained before, we have very good risk management that the team positioned very well on corn and on the ethanol complex. And certainly sweeteners volumes came back versus last year, as customers were preparing for the summer. And to a certain degree you might have to take both Q2 and Q3 together from a sweetener perspective, because I think that a lot of customers bought in anticipation of refilling their pipeline given the summer and the openness with COVID that we will go into experience in the U.S. So it was a strong volume month as well.
Ray Young: It's going to -- on your question on corn oil, we've seen convergence of corn oil with soybean oil again. Recall last year, we saw a divergence because of the snack foods people staying at home high demand for corn oil, which is used for frying that caused corn oil prices to move up dramatically and it diverged from soybean oil and that's what's caused a lot of the mark-to-market issues that we had last year. We've worked through all those issues over the course of the period. We're actually seeing right now corn oil and soybean oil really converging. And so we're turning back to, let's say, the normal relationship that we've seen in the past.
Luke Washer: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Ray Young: Hi, Ken.
Juan Luciano: Hi, Ken. Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: You keep on tempting us with this productivity and innovation. Can you put some color in terms of quantification on how much this is going to create in not just 2021, but beyond that and how do you frame those two opportunities? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Ken, I would say, if you look at our past what we have been doing over the last five years probably -- and if you think about translating everything we've done in productivity and innovation we were probably two-third in productivity and one-third in innovation if you will of all the savings we were getting. As we look at as I said before at our plan going forward, the contribution between productivity and innovation is equal. It's about 50-50. And it's mainly driven by all these opportunities that I mentioned not only nutrition, but all the other things that we're seeing whether it's biomaterials or renewable green diesel and all the other things that we've done. Again, when we look at our plan, when we start from this again theoretical $4 to $4.50 range and we apply all these projects that are included in productivity and innovation we see our program over the next five years growing in the high single-digit percentage every year in operating profit. So we feel very good about that. We will be having Ken in Q4 an Investor Day where we will be disclosing much more details and much more granularity about all these. But you can see some of the things that we're doing already whether we are invested in Spiritwood or the acquisition of Sojaprotein or the expansions of our plant in Valencia with Biopolis and microbiome. So all these areas are receiving organic growth dollars. This will be -- as we go forward Ken and you look at this plan this is more an investment plan than maybe the previous period was. So you will see a little bit more CapEx and a little bit more investment given the size of the opportunities. When I was mentioning some of the sizes of these addressable markets we have if you added some of the things I was saying these are markets north of $300 billion in which we have positioned ourselves very, very well and we think that we're going to capture a nice share of those. So the opportunity ahead of us is significant. 
Ken Zaslow: Let me just follow on. When you're thinking about the high single-digit growth rate to what extent do you think that is associated with the improvement in -- or the structural improvement in RD over the next couple of years? And how much of that is internally creative?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Let me say, when I look at the three businesses and we move them forward through the five years we see Ag Services and Oilseeds growth moderately, but it grows. We see Carb Solutions being flat to slightly declining in our forecasting. And then we see a strong growth in Nutrition. That's kind of the -- if you will the algorithm of how the business has moved. The Ag Services and Oilseeds part -- part of that has been our own improvement, part of that has been the industry. There has been some consolidations and the industry margins are strong. And there has been a strong demand and we trust that there's going to continue to be a strong demand. There are 400 million people in the middle class in China that are consuming very much like US type of consumer. And that's driving health and wellness, that's driving improving diets. And then there is sustainability that is driving a lot of the things that we're doing, not only RGD, because remember that before RGD, we were already having a very tight oil market based on food, on food oil. So, I think part is our structural issues and part is our own improvements that we have done over these years.
Ken Zaslow: Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: Yes. Good morning. Maybe we can dive a little bit deeper into Nutrition, and it seems like that's a good chunk of where the increase came from. But maybe this 20% growth rate, should we expect for 2022 to expect 15% year-on-year growth from -- on top of this 20% level? And then also, what categories are you seeing the most growth in besides plant protein? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Michael, listen, when we look forward on Nutrition. Nutrition is going to grow somewhere in that range, between 15% and 20%. So, we said, 15% this year and half into the year we have moved into 20%. So, something in that range. The business is going very strong. We've been able to grow that revenue during this quarter and we've been able to maintain margins, which it has been a very good job of controlling gross margins and EBITDA margin on sales. Our enthusiasm is not only for the categories in which we are positioned, but also on the win rates and the customer engagement. Our customer engagement as of -- in 2021 have doubled our customer engagement last year. And as the economy is reopening and foodservice become more active, customers are more willing to launch new promotions and new products, something that they were not doing before. So, we see that acceleration, whether it's in beverages or in health and wellness or alternative proteins. So again, I think you should think conservatively 15% per year; more aggressively 20% per year. But in that range, we will be growing over the next few years.
Michael Piken: Great. And then, a follow-up question just shifting gears. Could you talk about the impact of the recent kind of Supreme Court ruling? And there's been some talks about possible changes to the renewable fuel standard. Maybe your thoughts on the growth potential or lack thereof for the US ethanol market moving forward in light of some of these policy uncertainties? Thanks.
Ray Young: Yes, Mike. Yes, there's been a lot of news regarding the recent Supreme Court ruling and some of the comments from the EPA. When you kind of cut through all the headlines, and try to understand like what's fundamentally happening, we still believe the Biden administration and the EPA is committed to fighting climate change and also decarbonizing the economy. And biofuels, frankly, is in a very important part of that agenda. So, the Biden administration has made it very clear that they don't intend to grant SREs or these small refinery exemptions like in the prior administrations. And as President Biden himself has said, he said that we should be insisting not exempting. So, we do expect the Biden EPA to take a very balanced approach towards granting future SREs. So, when you look at supply-demand balances going forward and you take a look at the RINs balances and you think about the recovery of driving miles as we move through the pandemic, our expectation is looking at supply/demand for ethanol -- for gasoline and then which translates to ethanol, we believe that it is going to result in a reasonably constructive ethanol environment for the industry over the medium-term. Now, at the same time, Mike it is important to note that in the case of our -- we've made a strategic decision to monetize our dry mills. And so, we kind of halted that process during the pandemic frankly, because ethanol demand was very weak. But during that period, we did look at alternatives. We took advantage to, frankly, explore other options. And there's -- frankly, as Juan talked about on the issue of sustainability, there's growing interest in sustainable materials and sustainable solutions. And it appears that there may be some opportunities for us to explore non-vehicle uses of ethanol and leveraging ethanol as a sustainable feedstock for other products. And so one of the promising areas is the Sustainable Aviation Fuel, SAF. With the airline industry moving towards effectively a low-carbon or a net-zero future, SAF appears to be an important component of how they will get there. And just for perspective, the US airline industry before the pandemic consumed 30 billion gallons of aviation fuel a year. So we are looking at the possibility of leveraging our Decatur carbon sequestration site, which Juan talked about, with our corn processing output as a feedstock for SAF to get towards a low-carbon SAF product. So in addition to looking at potential monetization of dry mills, we are looking at the SAF concept, which frankly may give us another option for finding another use of the dry mills and then taking those ethanol gallons off the vehicle market.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Simonitsch of JPMorgan.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Simonitsch: Good morning, everyone. Hi. So following up on the Sojaprotein acquisition yesterday, can you provide some more color around how your strategy for alternative proteins varies by region?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think that the strategy in specialty proteins is stay close to our customers and match up with capabilities and supply this market that is growing very fast. The market is growing north of 10% per year. So  and it's moving fast in terms of the products. The products are continued to be improved every quarter. So we have a strong position in North America, our heritage position in soy derivatives. Then we build our position in South America, which is very strong. I remind you that that was $0.25 billion investment so significant. Then we build pea protein capacity in North Dakota. And now we're expanding that capacity to Europe. We have a small capacity in Europe. Now with this, we have bought  we have acquired the largest producer in Europe, which again has a great footprint of  in the middle of the non-GMO soybean harvest area but also it has a very nice set of products and they sell to 65 different countries in many, many applications. So we continue to build the capabilities. This will not be the last one that you're going to hear in terms of announcements for specialty protein. Again, this is  these are early days but it's a fast-growing market in which we have a leadership position and we pretend to  we intend to expand.
Tom Simonitsch: That's helpful. And a question on China. The USDA cut its China soybean import forecast this month. What are you assuming for that trade in the near to medium term? And how would it impact your crushing footprint?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, I think that we are maybe more optimistic about China medium-term than maybe with the news are giving right now. China has done an exceptional job of controlling COVID. And as such, they have recovered from that very successfully. So there is a lot of economic activity and hence demand. They have done a terrific job in coming back from the ASF pandemic. They have recovered. So they have the consumer and they have the animals to actually consume. Of course, they are very strategic in their purchases. And right now, it's not the time to be buying a lot of beans because beans are expensive and there is a crop in the US coming. And we think that that's where  when they're going to come. You also have to remember a couple of things, Tom. Over the last two or three weeks, we lost 15 million tons of production around the world due to weather issues. Whether it was the drought in Canada with  that impacted canola and wheat, whether it was Russia, whether it was the impact was on sand and in wheat and whether it was the corn crop in Brazil because of drought, all these products are competitive products in the Russian to soybean meal. So those products will not be available to compete with soybean meal which will give soybean meal a higher inclusion in the ration. And in our estimate given the small canola crop in Canada, we think that China will have to probably import 2 million tons of extra soybean -- soybeans to offset that canola gap that they have right now. So all in all we feel that we're still going to have strong exports -- export volumes in the Q4 of this year from North America. 
Tom Simonitsch: Thanks very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow: Good morning. I had a question about the new earnings base that you're putting out there. Historically external factors can change quickly and can have a big impact on your earnings. And I want to know, what do we have to believe about the external environment to feel comfort that the earnings base is credible that it can -- that you can achieve -- that the earnings base is achievable under a variety of different external environments. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Rob, the way we thought about it when we put together the plan is and I think I expressed some of that before is of course we look at the things that we can see into the future. You can argue the magnitude but we give our forecast forward and we add inflation to that. And we say some of these things may come back to the middle if you will or reverse to the means or whatever you want to call it. So, let's put the negative side there. So, we consider some of that. And then we look at our productivity and innovation and we said, can we build a robust enough agenda in productivity and innovation that actually can offset some of those headwinds whether they are headwinds on ethanol or whether they are whatever your favorite crush margin into the future or whether it's inflation? And we look at that and the result of that exercise is that productivity and innovation earnings stream coming forward offset all that potential decline that we have estimated and offset it and giving us a result that high single-digit growth rate in profits over the next five years. So that's the way we think about it. So this is not a scenario in which everything goes perfect and margins are at peak level for five years. In our scenario margins normalize we have inflation and then we are able to offset a lot of that through growth and through productivity. That's what we are saying in terms of our new base. 
Robert Moskow: Right. And in terms of things that are going to normalize carbohydrates would be the first -- the most -- the biggest degree of normalization because it looks like it's going to earn $1 billion this year?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say, maybe when I was answering Ken I think when we look at the three businesses, Nutrition provides a lot of the growth in that scenario of course. You have to remember, when we started reporting Nutrition yearly they were reporting about $300-and-something million. This quarter they crossed the barrier of $200 million. So now -- so it's significant. And you will see that in crescendo of course over the next few years as we reach $1 billion and beyond. Carb Solutions as you said is -- it basically declines over the period. And then we have a healthy, but not exuberant growth rate for Ag Services and Oilseeds. So all in all, when you look at our numbers it doesn't look a far-fetched scenario. On the contrary it's a scenario that we're very confident that's why we are making it public today. And a lot of things under our control to be honest. 
Robert Moskow: And last question. You said that there's been consolidation in the soy crush industry and that is part of the reason for your confidence. But you are opening up a new crush plant now. Can you give a little more color about how much consolidation there's been? What do you think crush capacity looks like today compared to a few years ago? And where do you think it's going in the next few years from an industry perspective?
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Listen I think that there has been consolidation in the small regional players, which has been important. We have the example of Algar in Brazil. We also did the soybean joint venture with Cargill in Egypt. So -- and there have been others around the industry. I think it's important to notice that we've been working in this expansion, the Spiritwood for the last two years. We just announced it now. But this is capacity that, of course, this one is helped by RGD. But when you think about soybean meal in North America, we need about two to three -- to offset -- 2% to 3% growth in demand every year. So we need a full-time full-fledged plant every couple of years just to keep up with demand and to be able to supply the growth. So we don't think that any of these build is excessive. On the contrary, we think that it's needed to allow demand to be fulfilled.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: In the interest of time, please limit yourself to one question. Again, please limit yourself to one question Your next question is from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Ben Theurer: Great. Good morning, Juan, Ray, now we try it again. Thank you very much, and congrats on the results.
Juan Luciano: Good morning Ben.
Ray Young: Morning Ben.
Ben Theurer: Just one question. If you could elaborate a little bit on those $90 million on positioning gains across ethanol and what's been driving that throughout the quarter. And is that something you think is something recurring, is this a one-off? How should we think about it because it was obviously sizable within the segment? Thank you.
Ray Young: Yeah, Ben. I mean our teams do an excellent job managing risk, right? And when you just talk about managing risk is both managing the risks of the inputs and the outputs. And so the positioning gains that we had in the quarter, in the second quarter, the $90 million it's a combination of what I call the ethanol complex, right? So it's a combination of how they're managing the corn, how they're managing ethanol, how they're managing RINs, all these positions. And as you know it was a very volatile quarter when you looked at the prices of corn and ethanol and RINs but they managed exceptionally well. And so $90 million normally they would generate risk management gains. We highlighted it this quarter because this was an exceptional quarter. And by the way it wasn't just an exceptional quarter. It was an exceptional first half of the year, because when you take a look at the first half of the year, they probably had positioning gains roughly with a similar amount in the first quarter as well. So, therefore, the Carb Solutions team really hit all of the ballpark in terms of risk management in the first half of this year.
Ben Theurer: So for the future we should expect some of it, but maybe not at the same magnitude. That's a fair assumption? 
Ray Young: Yeah. I mean, again I mean I would never ask the Carb Solutions team to hold back. But again they will always manage their positions exceedingly well. And I would say this was probably an exceptional performance for the first half of the year.
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect. Ill leave it here. Thank you very much for squeezing me in again.
Ray Young: Thank you Ben.
Operator: Your next question is from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Steve Haynes: Hi. This is Steve Haynes on for Vincent. Maybe I could just squeeze a quick one in on the biosolutions business portfolio. You talked about some of the other growth things. And you've announced -- you've made some announcements already in terms of some partnerships and agreements. But can you I guess maybe just help us think about going forward where your any specific target growth areas would be within that business?
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Listen that is a business that to a certain degree started from a customer pool. We discovered one day that a lot of the products that we were selling in Carb Solutions were finding their way into non-food applications, non-beverage application. So now we have started with a new team on a more proactive approach to that. So we have a market based approach where we're targeting things like construction and pharmaceuticals and cosmetics and other products. And we've been very successful. This team has been growing  they have been growing sales about 10  at the 10% click. These are very profitable opportunities and opportunities that at this point in time require no capital, because these are existing products going into new applications. So we have hired experts, marketing experts, and technical experts to be able to sell these into new applications. And we fill in an incredible customer pool. Every CEO or company out there that is announcing this de-carbonization goal's for 2040 or whatever needs to shift to plant-based materials from oil based in order to de-carbonize. And we are the largest company in that space with the ability to provide the broadest footprint of products. So you will continue to see growth there, and we are just getting started. That will be my comment. We cannot talk a lot about  as you can understand about our customer engagement, because these are confidential agreements that we have and a lot of these the customers don't want to disclose what they are doing.
Steve Haynes: All right. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Kallo of Baird.
Ben Kallo: Hi. Thank you very much for taking my question. The first one is just on South America gross margin. Could you just talk about, if there's a structural change or is it just a temporary change as it relates to biodiesel headwinds? And then the second question is on M&A. I know you just did a deal so congratulations on that. But on larger acquisition front from your experience one as  are there targets out there? And then two, is it easier for the heavy lifting of integration to do a large acquisition than the smaller tuck-in ones like you announced yesterday? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Ben. So let me address South America first. So, of course, our bigger participation is Brazil. It has been a tough year for Brazil this first half of the year in general. We expect second half of the year to have the possibility to be a little better. Biodiesel is B12 now and that has been confirmed. We'll have to see the first auctions there. So crush margins are better. Domestic margins are $25 to $30 per ton export is about $10. Bottle oil and volumes and prices are better in the last two months. We started the year tough there. Remember that, this is a society that is going through the tougher parts of COVID. So demand is difficult there. But we have seen an improvement. Domestic meal the market is also paying for the higher soybeans. So that's good. We have  Brazil has reduced exports of corn of course, because of the drought. But the domestic market is paying the premium. So Brazil is not going to run out of corn, and it's importing a little bit from Brazil. So I would say in general with oil  domestic oil being supported and the volumes being there and with biodiesel going back to B12, we expect the second half of the year to be a little bit better than maybe what the first half was.
Ben Kallo: And then the second question on M&A, just on targets and appetite for a larger deal and then the integration of smaller deals versus many smaller deals versus the large ones?
Juan Luciano: Yeah. You know that, we've been relatively quiet. We continue to be very selective about this because valuations are in general for some properties are a little bit too high. So it  this needs to be a perfect fit into our portfolio. And the perfect combination of things with Sojaprotein is in terms of the footprint, the complementarily of the geographic nature of it and the quality of management, and the assets and the products. In terms of what is easier to integrate, I think that sometimes bolt-ons are a little bit easier. We find they fit better in a business that is already structured. When you bring a large company you need more adjustments on both sides if you will, if you think about some of these companies that have continued to operate in ADM almost like with the same agility they were operating before, whether you say Protexin or Biopolis and some of these companies. So I think that the smaller companies are probably an easy tuck-in than maybe large companies. Large companies take us a little bit longer. 
Ben Kallo: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano : Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens.
Ben Bienvenu: Hi. Thanks. Good morning everyone. I appreciate you squeezing me in.
Juan Luciano : Hi, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: One quick one from me. You talked about the operational flexibility to shift and flex between softseed crushing and oilseed crushing. When you think about the backdrop for oilseed crushing margins across all your geographies, but in North America in particular where things are quite strong, those strong driven by soybean oil this go around, do you think the market is able to digest appropriately switching from a higher oil yield to a higher meal yield given the kind of relative softness in the meal market? And just how do you think about toggling between those two crush capacities in a market like this?
Juan Luciano: Listen at this point in time, we are seeing good demand for both products. So, of course, as you know, there is a big pull from oil. There has been a big pull for oil. And then RGD is increasing a little bit of that, but our ability to place the mill given our footprint and our commercial operations is very strong. So that gives us a lot of confidence for North America for the second half. Listen let me be clear. The Oilseeds and Ag Services business will have a very strong year much better than last year and we expect a strong second half as well that will drive the company to earnings that we never had before certainly. And certainly, we'll be probably on the higher side or maybe outside the range of 4 to 4.50 that I mentioned before that was the previous landing spot of our strategy. That's what we're seeing at the moment. So the year started strong and we think that the second half will be very strong. Okay. Very good. Thank you Juan and best of luck in the back half.
Operator: Your final question is from Eric Larson of Seaport Research Partners.
Eric Larson: Yes. Good morning everyone. I hope everybody is doing well.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Eric.
Ray Young: Thank you, Eric.
Eric Larson: So, on the -- I know we're short on time, I'll make this question pretty quick and pretty direct. It's really going back I think a little to maybe Adam's first question, maybe drilling down on some demand functions here in the near term. Obviously, you've addressed the global biodiesel markets, what's going on there the US ethanol all the job owning of RFS and all that stuff. But people are talking about some chinks in the armor in some of the Chinese demand at least in the near term. They've walked away from a little bit of corn imports in July, which has bought a thimbleful, and I think it spooked the market. But I think the real issue here is ASF in China -- have they had a major setback in that? And we just don't know what to kind of believe what's coming out of there. And now you've had the floods in China that's impacted about 10% of their growing area has killed a lot of hogs. Is that -- is some of the near-term demand function a piece of the Chinese AFS problems that they're having? 
Juan Luciano: I think that, of course, as you described, there are many issues going on and there is a little bit of a transition here. But the reality is that pork prices have come down, that will incentivate demand. But you also need to understand that, in the -- during the ASF, people get to eat more poultry as well. And we have seen that demand growth. We think that when we have a better supply and cheaper supply of soybeans, things will come back a little bit more to normal. When we check with our customers over there, fundamentally, nothing has changed. And if you look at the -- as I said the middle class in China and you look at the indicators of that, which is the consumption of the big four protein, they are all higher than prepandemic levels. So the consumer is there, the animals are there to be fed. And I think that the rest is just a matter of tactical approaches, whether we had the big run-up in hog prices in China, then the government intervened to try to control that. Now they are lower. They said more wheat. I think that's going to shift to include more soybean in the portfolio -- in the inclusion. So, we think that at the end of the day, there may be many monthly gyrations, but over time, protein consumption continues to go up and they will import more soybeans to actually satisfy that demand. So, we feel very confident about the future of the demand in China.
Vikram Luthar: Thanks. We do seriously have reached the queues. We have small issues throughout the areas and they have to supplement it with meals at some point. So, thank you, everybody for sharing.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Luthar for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Vikram Luthar: Thank you. Slide 14 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As Juan has already mentioned in the Q&A, we'd also like to announce that we will be hosting a Global Investor Day in the fourth quarter of this year, during which we will be talking more about the next phase of our growth. More particulars, including the specific date and format will be forthcoming. As always please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 15:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the ADM First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. De la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Victoria. This morning, I am pleased to share with you results that demonstrate an outstanding start to 2021, building on our momentum from a record 2020. We reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.39, more than double the year ago period. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.2 billion, 86% higher than the first quarter of 2020 and our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year adjusted OP growth. Our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 9%, 375 basis points higher than our 2021 annual WACC and significantly higher than the 7.6% in the year ago period. And our trailing fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $4.2 billion, 19% higher than the prior year period. I am proud of our team, and they continue to deliver sustained strong growth, powered by their continued advancement of the strategic transformation of our business, outstanding execution and excellent risk management and commitment to serving the evolving needs of our customers in new and innovative ways. I'd like to take a moment now to highlight some of the trends, developments and accomplishments from the first quarter. Turn to slide four, please. First, we are encouraged by many of the demand indicators we are seeing. From a geographic perspective, China was one of the first countries to emerge from COVID-related restrictions, and we are continuing to see significant export demand driven by its economic recovery.
Ray Young: Yes. Thanks, Juan. Good morning, everyone. Slide eight, please. The Ag Services and Oilseeds team delivered an outstanding quarter with operating profit of $777 million, representing a record for a first quarter. Ag Services results were substantially higher year-over-year. Results were driven by a record Q1 for our North American origination team, which executed extremely well to capitalize on strong Chinese demand. As expected, results in South America were significantly lower versus the prior year period. Farmer selling was lower versus the extremely aggressive pace in the year ago quarter. Lower margins, including the impacts from the slightly delayed harvest and higher freight costs also affected South American results. Results for the quarter were affected by about $75 million in negative timing related to ocean freight position. Those impacts will reverse as contracts execute in the coming quarters. Crushing delivered its best quarter ever, as the business leverage its global footprint and diversified capabilities to capture strong execution margins in both soybean and softseed crushing, driven by robust vegetable oil demand and tight soybean stocks. Net timing impacts for the quarter in crush were minimal.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Slide 12, please. I'm proud of the team for our great start to 2021. And I'm even more proud of the strategic work we have done to transform our company and enable our growing success. We began in 2011 by committing to specific strategic goals and financial metrics focused on what we call the three Cs, capital discipline, cost reduction and cash generation. We launched new initiatives like our $1 billion challenge with prioritized operational excellence, and we focused on returns our primary financial metric. We call that getting fit for the journey. Once we were fit, we launched the next part of our strategy, focusing on three core pillars to enhance returns, deliver more predictable growth and strengthen our ability to control our results. During this time, our team has done a great job, optimizing business performance, realigning our portfolio and building a global leader in nutrition, driving efficiencies through our operational excellence initiatives and expanding through organic growth investments, M&A and the broadening of our customer base and product offerings. Now we're moving into the next phase of our strategic transformation by sharpening our focus on two strategic pillars, productivity and innovation. Our productivity efforts will take many actions that were part of our optimized and drive focuses and boost them to the next level. The productivity pillar will include; advancing the roles of our Centers of Excellence or COEs in procurement, supply chain and operations to deliver additional efficiencies across the enterprise, the continued rollout of our One ADM business transformation program and implementation of improved standardized business processes, and increasing our use of technology, analytics and automation at our production facilities in our offices and with our customers. Our innovation activities will help us accelerate growth and profitability, not just for the near term, but importantly, for the long-term. We will expand and invest in improving the customer experience, including leveraging our producer relationships and enhancing our use of state-of-the-art digital technology to help our customers grow. Sustainability-driven innovation, which encompasses the full range of our products, solutions, capabilities and commitments to serve our customers' needs, and growth initiatives, including organic growth to support additional capacity and meet growing demand, opportunistic M&A and increased leveraging of our very successful venture capital portfolio. We'll support both pillars with investments in technology, which include expanding our digital capabilities and investing further in product research and development. And of course, all of our efforts will continue to be strengthened by our ongoing commitment to revenues. As I look at our long-term plans and this evolution of our strategy, I'm very excited about the value creation opportunities ahead of us. Our teams are continuing to perform at the high level and doing a great job serving our customers. The demand outlook for our products is strong, driven by the pre and during global trends of food security, health and well-being and sustainability. And we are delivering on our potential and our promise. That is why we are even more optimistic in our 2021 outlook today than we were three months ago, with expectations for significantly higher full year operating profit and EPS versus our record 2020. And as we look beyond 2021, we expect that our sharpened focus on productivity and innovation, combined with continuing demand expansion driven by the fundamental needs and evolving demands of our global customers and the multi-year COVID recovery will deliver sustained growth in earnings in the years to come. With that, Chris, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  The first question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just want to touch base. You kind of - your comment was - which was actually really interesting, that you expect growth, sustainable growth for years to come. So with that, just a couple of points. One is, do you look at 2021 or 2020 as the base year from which you can grow? And then second, what are the key demand drivers that you see beyond 2021 that will continue to propel you? Or is it more internal actions that would create the growth?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ken. Listen, as I was referring in my remarks, we see the future with a lot of optimism. I mean, we think that fundamentally, we have, as you know, a strong agenda of both now productivity and innovation where there are things that we can control, that we drive under our control. And we've been executing a similar plan. So now you're going to see it strengthen. And it has a more longer horizon reach, if you will, that's where we like about this sharpening. But all this is in the - as supported by these three strong trends that we see in food security, health and well-being and sustainability. So let me give you a little bit of flavor there. We continue to see strong demand. You see food security, of course, as the global population grows. Protein demand continues to grow around the world as people increase their standards of living. And as countries come back from the pandemic on this demand that was, to a certain degree suppressed, we see that in China, we see that in the US. And we believe that given the uneven vaccine recovery of vaccine rollout, this will take several years. So that's in an environment, Ken, as you know, a very tight supply, demand balances. So we expect an environment of good profits for the following years. Then when we look at health and well-being, that's propelling our Nutrition division and many of our other offerings in which we continue to see strong growth even exacerbated, if you will with pandemics or other events. And we continue to see more demand for products made based on plans that what we call biosolutions or products that actually replace industrial products made from resources that are not renewable. We have a long list of interested parties in doing more of that and we continue to develop solutions for that. So again, when we see the trends, when we see the strong demand environment in a tight supply, demand environment, plus the agenda of productivity and innovation, we feel very strong about our ability to deliver earnings growth from where we are today.
Ken Zaslow: So in 2020 or 2021, would you say, is your year from which we could start thinking about growth?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think that we - 2021, we're going to grow significantly versus 2020. So in 2021, we are establishing this sharpening again. So if you will, maybe we can reset to that level to 2021 and we start it from here. We have a rolling five year plan, as you know, Ken that we constantly update. And we constantly make it more robust, so we can deliver earnings growth year-over-year.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. 
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. So, I guess, my first question, really just trying to think about the market environment a little bit, and obviously, a lot of crop currents happening at the moment. Specifically, I want to think about on the oilseed franchise and the expansion of renewable diesel. And as we think about, one, you can sort of see it already in the soybean oil market and what that's doing to crush margins. But as we think about the second half of the year into next year as some of the bigger capacities start to come on, how do we think about the earnings leverage, both in your crushing franchise, but also in the edible oils business with the refining that we - a business that never really got that much attention and grown much for a number of years given the move away from Transfast , but would seem to be kind of very strategic for a bunch of refiners who don't have pre-treatment over the next couple of years? And then I got a capital allocation question afterwards.
Juan Luciano: Adam, listen, we said it before, we feel very strongly about the future of our Oilseeds business. It's a business that was built traditionally in one leg, if you will, from the mill supporting all these, and we were always waiting for the oil story. The oil story, I mean, you can see that right now playing up, oil values that reach record levels, softseed margins that been the best in the last eight years, if you will. So they are supporting very good soy crush margins and great softseed margins. We invested in this many years ago, remember, with all the switch capacity, we have about give or take, 15% of our total crush capacity that can be switched from soybeans to softseed. So that's an advantage for us. And now all of a sudden, we are having this new demand that is coming because of all the sustainability trends that we discussed before with this in the form of renewable green diesel. So it just comes to strengthen our belief into this business that is very strategic for us. And to be honest, very proud of the way the business is executing. These are not easy markets to navigate with a lot of volatility, with very big values, and they are having touch wood and impeccable run. And they've done very well, given their sophistication and knowledge of - and to be honest, also the visibility that being a full value chain supplier and a global supplier gives us. So continue to work very close with our food and fuel customers and staying close to them to make sure we can read what's coming down the pipe. But again, Adam, very, very encouraged by all these developments and very happy for our strategic Oilseed business.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's really helpful, Juan. And my second question is really on the balance sheet. Maybe this is more for Ray. And I'm just trying to think about kind of cash capital deployment from here. Obviously, you have to be very sensitive to the increase in commodity prices and the impact that has on readily marketable inventories. But I mean impressively, your credit capacity has actually gone up on a year-on-year basis, despite the rising in RMI. And so I'm just trying to think about what would it take to see cash return to shareholders or more aggressive or offensive M&A moving forward? It seems like there's a lot of underlying cash generation in the business, and it doesn't seem like we've got a clear kind of target of where it's going at the moment.
Ray Young: Well, first of all, the balance sheet is what I consider one of the greatest assets of ADM. And while inventories have actually increased 50% compared to March of last year, we still have significant available credit capacity to undertake actions, right? And so I think the first priority is continue to fund the working capital needs. It's not a surprise. Commodity prices continue to go up right now. And so therefore, we will use our balance sheet to kind of fund additional working capital requirements. And - but secondly, we have flexibility to do whatever we need to do from a strategic perspective. As you know, in prior periods, during higher commodity prices, there are distressed assets in the marketplace. And so to the extent that there are distressed assets that make sense for us to acquire in order to consolidate, we'll look at those. That's one of the big advantages of our ADM balance sheet. So - but we all know that eventually commodity prices will come down, and that will free up additional capital on the balance sheet. And then we can look at additional incremental returns on capital to our shareholders at that point in time. But again, the dividend, we've increased the dividend. That's an important element of return on capital to our shareholders. But I'm convinced that our balance sheet because we all know prices go through cycles, there will be a release of working capital at some juncture that will again free up significant capacity for us to take additional return of capital actions.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Thats a really helpful color. Ill pass it on. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Simonitsch of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tom Simonitsch: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Tom.
Ray Young: Hey, Tom.
Tom Simonitsch: Could you give us some more color around your - how you're managing your crush assets this year compared to any other? To what extent are you locking in crush capacity for the next few quarters? And on the oil side, how are you approaching negotiations with potential renewable diesel customers versus your more traditional food customers?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So I can say we have a reasonable visibility on the Q2 for Oilseeds as we have a book build. And we stay a little bit more open for the Q3 and Q4. That's probably to the extent that I will disclose. In terms of food versus oil customers, listen, we're staying close to both. Of course, we provide - we have long-term relationships with our food customers that - we've been working with them through all these and educating them on this new demand that is coming. And we are forging new relationships with customers from renewable diesel that of course, the big issue for that industry is feedstock availability. So we're having a lot of discussions that range from the tactical to the strategic discussions with some of them as they decide on their future investments. So that's what I will describe the relationship.
Tom Simonitsch: Thank you. And then just a question on Nutrition, I think you mentioned a shift in demand for texturants. Can you provide some more color there?
Juan Luciano: Yes. We've seen some softness in some of those segments. But I would say this is a little bit of a transition time in - Nutrition goes to so many applications, and depending on the geography, foodservices in some parts are coming back and in some other parts, that's still delayed. So, I would say, in general, I'm very pleased actually. Nutrition surpassed my own expectations this quarter by growing profitability by around 9% and revenue 5%. It was - the demand recovery from COVID and the impact of that in different markets is very uneven around the world, as the world is getting access to vaccination at different rates. So we are seeing that. So, as I said, this was a quarter of, remember, investment in Nutrition. So we were expecting results similar to last year. We end up delivering results that are 9% better than last year, so very happy with this. We had some specific pockets of softness, maybe some chewing gum kind of softness, some softness in some places in Animal Nutrition. But overall, very strong flavors, beverages, supplements, fibers, probiotics, specialty proteins. So, the main trends remain there.
Tom Simonitsch: Thank you for that. And maybe just one more question for me. If you wouldn't mind, could you share your house view of US planted acres of corn versus beans?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say, in our view, given the early planting the start that we have in the US, I think we have corn about 17%, on soybeans and about 8% at the moment. We believe that there is probably upside to the USDA numbers. So we believe that by the next time USDA will report acres, we're probably going to find maybe five more million acres, combined between soy and corn, kind of evenly split, if you will, give or take between the two.
Tom Simonitsch: Excellent. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from Luke Washer of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Luke Washer: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Juan Luciano: Hi, Luke.
Ray Young: Hey, Luke.
Luke Washer: So I wanted to touch on, soybean oil a little bit. I know you've talked a little bit about renewable diesel trend. But have you seen soybean oil demand ramp this quarter relative to your expectations perhaps at the beginning of this quarter? And is this largely driven by renewable diesel demand? Or are you also seeing increased demand for edible oils? And is there any distraction is happening with the prices where they are?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, we continue to see strong demand. I think that as some restaurants and in some places are reopening, we started to see food services coming back a little bit. To be honest, we saw that across the company, not only in soybean oil, I would say March orders were significantly better than January and February. And I think we see that continuing in April. So again, a - recovery, but we can see that. I would say, of course, green diesel customers are starting to show in demand. So we see that increase demand. So in general, we see a strong demand. In terms of disruption of demand, we haven't seen that to any degree. Probably the only example I can pinpoint is Brazil with biodiesel that reduced from B13 to B10. That's probably the only thing you can say. Things have become expensive, at least. And Brazil, as I may -- as I've mentioned, in my onset remarks, Brazil is having a very difficult time with COVID. So I think that the overall economy is suffering. And I think the government is trying to alleviate some - to alleviate a little bit the pressure on inflation there. So - but that's probably the only example I can pinpoint to at this point of demand disruption.
Luke Washer: Great. Thanks, Juan. And then maybe one more on Nutrition, can you talk about what's driving your confidence in the 15% CAGR that you expect this year? What are the ways that you're driving operating profit margins higher? Is this simply growing in higher-margin businesses? Or are you doing cross-selling or any other actions you're taking? Maybe just some of the puts and takes for this year.
Juan Luciano: Yes, absolutely. Listen, remember the 15% came from - we put together the five year plan. And when we see us achieving our target of $1 billion OP, basically by 2024, give or take, in order to get there, we need to grow 15%. So we were planning to start this year. And this year, it's not an exception to that. We plan 15%. When we started the year, we were planning to start the year, as I said, kind of flattish versus - and the business continue to show strength. How that strength comes part is revenue growth. Part of my confidence is given  by the pipeline. We have a strong pipeline. We are very - the team is very disciplined and religious in looking at the pipeline and looking at customer-by-customer and the projects. And that pipeline continues to grow, and our win rate continues to grow. So those are very positive indicators that your value proposition is very appreciated by our customers. Certainly, another thing that we do is that the team manage the product mix very well. And that allows us to increase profitability even in excess of the revenue growth that we see. And you know, there are different parts, while, for example, for flavors and for plant based proteins and certainly for probiotics is much more a revenue growth story. For parts like Animal Nutrition, it's more like a margin recovery story. And so we have different ways to manage this portfolio that we call nutrition, but it's a very complex portfolio. But that complexity also brings a lot of growth opportunities. And that's why it give us a confidence that it's a very balanced business from an opportunity perspective, supported by a very strong pipeline.
Luke Washer: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you and congratulations. I have a question about the crush margins in the quarter. I mean, such an outstanding result. And I think you've mentioned that risk management or just execution played a role. If you look at spot margins during the quarter, just looking at board prices, they weren't nearly this good. But I've heard that you and others have been delivering results much better than that. So I guess, my question is, can you explain why it's so different from what we see in the spot markets? And is this sustainable into 2Q? Or are there some unusual aspects of first quarter that we should know about?
Juan Luciano: Yes. No, listen, it was a very clean quarter. There's nothing that you should know about other than cash crush margins remain very healthy. We have a strong product demand from both meal and specialty oil. And these margins remain considerably stronger than what board crush indicates, particularly in North America and Europe. If you look at board crush in North America or Europe per month is about $25 per ton, and then we see margins on a cash basis of around $40 per ton. So there is a significant difference there. I would say, we see - as I said before, we have reasonable visibility into Q2 given the book of business we have. So we shouldn't see any surprises there, and we are expecting another good quarter of crush over there. So I mentioned before, we have our switch capacity. Softseed margins have been good. They moderated a little bit since Q1, but they continue to be very good. So oil values continue to be strong. And demand for our customers in mill in North America, our customers are enjoying good margins at this point in time. So they are trying to produce as much as they can. So we see strong demand from both lakes of the crush. So we feel good about it at the moment.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens. Your line is open. 
Ben Bienvenu: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to focus on  with two questions on the Carbohydrate Solutions business, which was really, really solid in the quarter, and focusing first on those Starches and Sweeteners business. To the extent you can, can you disaggregate the contribution from your ethanol production out of your wet mills versus the kind of core Starches and Sweeteners business. And on that Starches and Sweeteners business, were net corn cost a tailwind for you guys? I know you favorably hedged your gross corn costs in 4Q. So I'm wondering kind of what the relationship between that hedged corn versus the strong co-product values delivered as it relates to your realized net corn costs?
Ray Young: Yes, Ben. So let me improve  reverse order. So net corn cost was a tailwind for us. I mean, clearly, as we pointed out in the last earnings call, we actually procured a lot of our requirements at a very attractive price last year. And hence, we benefit from basically a very good procurement. And hence, net corn was a tailwind for us, despite the fact that when you look at the board, corn costs are higher right now. With respect to the question on disaggregating Starches and Sweeteners from ethanol, my only comment is one of the big improvements in Starches and Sweeteners in the quarter compared to last quarter, last year's first quarter was the fact that we didn't have the corn oil mark-to-market impact. If you recall last year, we had about a $50 million negative impact due to the corn oil divergence from soybean oil. We didn't have it this year. So that was clearly a tailwind in terms of our results. From a volume perspective, when you look at the Starches and Sweetener business right now, we're still - we're certainly looking, I'm looking at corn - high fructose corn syrup. And corn syrup, we're still down versus last year. So we are suffering from the impact of the pandemic and because the foodservice sector is not fully recovered, we indicated that we're starting to see elements of recovery in the month of March. But from a volume perspective, in the first quarter, total Sweetener volumes are still down versus last year, right? So therefore, that's kind of like a headwind. But we expect that to progressively recover as we move through the year. So I guess, overall, I mean, we've been actually pretty pleased in terms of the performance. Given this particular headwind we had in the first quarter, we were very pleased in terms of how we manage the business, favorable net corn procurement, favorable risk management. And frankly, even with the cold weather impacts that we had in the first quarter, we were able to keep on delivering to our customers, which is very, very important.
Ben Bienvenu: Very good. Okay. Great. My second question is on DCP  and your decision to restart your dry mills. We're seeing improving driving demand, gasoline demand off of kind of low this year and last year. I'm curious, though, we've seen production in the weekly EIA numbers come out that have been a little bit lagging, I think, what might be expected when thinking about your facilities coming back online. Can you help us think about your outlook for as much visibility as you have as it relates to ethanol S&D  And when you think about the velocity of restarting your mills, what is your focus there? Are you worried about that disrupting the S&D and ethanol? To the extent you can give us any color on?
Juan Luciano:  And they have grown in the first three months of the year. They import proteins, thats up like 20% and they continue to have very strong forecast for the importation of grains to feed animals. So that's what we're seeing. Of course, corn prices have been expensive in China. And so, China has been taking as much as wheat as they can from Europe to try to make a little bit of substitution. But they also don't have infinite wheat reserves. And during this year, we think that both coal reserves and wheat reserve needs to be replenished at one point in time. We don't think that that's happening now. Nobody is replenishing inventories in the face of an inverse. But we think that, that may happen later in the year.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. And one, if I could just ask you a follow-up about your comments on sort of bio-based products that you made during your prepared remarks, were you just referring to sort of the initiative  the existing initiatives around FDME and cardboard and fiber and acrylic acid? Or are there new things that you're looking at? Or going back to some of the old stuff like PHA? Or just - what did you want to tell us about that, anything incremental?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think that there is a portfolio of things. Some of the ones you mentioned, we are not going back to PHA. But there are some more in areas like, construction or pharma or personal care. We continue to find customers that have application development capabilities, but they want to change their input. And instead of being natural gas on oil, they want it plant-based. And for that, listen, we have - we stand on a great source of sugar that is the car solution business. We have fermentation technologies. And we have a good cost position here in the US, and as we have the capability, the critical mass. So I think that we are an attractive partner that everybody that is brainstorming or looking for a solution to match their sustainability targets is having discussions with our team. So there are some things that we cannot unveil right now, but we may unveil it over the course of the year.
Ben Bienvenu: Thanks very much.
Juan Luciano: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yes. Good morning. I just wanted to talk a little bit about South America. Maybe we could start with Brazil and just you know, things like there is been some weather issues with the safrinha crop. And just trying to understand, how you see kind of your volumes and business shaping out in South America over the next couple of quarters? And if net-net, at this point, do we - are we cheering for a bigger South American crop or a smaller South American crop with respect to your overall global footprint?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Michael. Yes. South America, the weather in South America, of course, delayed a little bit the growth. And certainly, it's hurting a little bit the safrinha. We still expect - traditionally, April and May are dry weather months in Brazil. So that's not great for this. And that's what putting a little bit of the premium in - the weather premium on corn. So we expect that crop to be a little bit smaller. And Brazil exports about 35% of their corn production. So that is an impact in the market. What are we rooting for? We are rooting for larger crops. We like to move crops. So the soy crop is expected to be a good one, maybe 135 million, 136 million tons, so that's in check. And I think what Brazil is doing at the moment is maybe getting a little bit of corn from Argentina. Certainly, it's getting wheat to try to replace some of the corn in feeding. Because adjusted, as I said before, the B13 bio-diesel to B10. So it's a year in which Brazil needs to navigate with - on very tight stocks. And so it's going to be a difficult year and a year of heavy management for the Brazilian, the crush and the grain side of this.
Michael Piken: Great. And then as a follow-up, just thinking ahead to 2022, with the projected growth in renewable biodiesel combined with a very - or a tightening corn market. I mean, how do you sort of see the acreage playing out in the US for 2022 between corn and soybeans to meet this demand? And I guess from your perspective, I know you guys have some swing capacity, but just, it seems like there's other crushing capacity up in Canada. Softseed, three of their competitors have announced expansions. How do you see kind of the margin environment working out if we need to plant more corn next year? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think that, of course, the farmer react to pricing. And although - this may be too late to shift a lot of acres to corn, given how late we are already. I think, first of all, they will try to plant as much as possible next year as well, given prices will continue to be elevated. I think, listen, as it gets tied the market, that's an advantage of our value chain. Our procurement, our long value chain, the fact that we have such a good coverage of everywhere, in a tight market, that's where our footprint shines and we get the competitive advantage, if you will. So we like to have more crops. But in periods in which crops are going to be tied, we have a good system to make sure we get our hands into the crops. And because of sometimes basis go up. But to be honest, given the strong demand and the good profitability of our customers, I think we will be able to price those in. So I think that we are looking constructively about in terms of margins for the future.
Michael Piken: And your thoughts on the acreage shift?
Juan Luciano: It's too early to tell. And there are too many factors. I mean, we are still trying to plant, we haven't planted like 10% of our crop, it's difficult to speculate about the 2022 crop here.
Michael Piken: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Your line is open.
Ben Theurer: Hi. Good morning, Juan, Ray and thanks for taking my question.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Theurer: Congrats on the results.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Ben Theurer: Two quick ones. So first of all, you gave a little bit of guidance into the different segments, but could you elaborate first on the Ag Service piece within ASO, how you think about that turning into 2Q and particularly in light what we're seeing in your appendix on the cumulative crush deferred timing gains? Because I remember last call, you said the vast majority of the close to $300 million to likely reverse within the first half. And we haven't seen much in 1Q. So how do we think - shall we think about those timing gains? And how shall we think about the underlying business within Ag Service in particular over the second quarter?
Ray Young: Yes. For Ag Services, seasonally, Q2 will be lower than Q1, right? I mean that's what happens. I mean North America, we had a very strong Q1 in terms of North American exports. Again, partly as Juan indicated, a delayed South American harvest. It allowed the export window in North America to really benefit. And then we just had significant demand pull, which resulted in very strong elevation margins in the first quarter. So second quarter for Ag Services, it will revert back to more of a normal level here. The demand environment is still good, but it's not going to be as stellar as what we saw in the first quarter. On your question on timing differences, remember, this is a question, right? I mentioned in my prepared remarks that there's about $75 million related to global trade and ocean freight that will reverse over the course of the year. In the appendix, the timing effects referred to in the appendix are related to crush. And just a reminder, in the first quarter, we didn't see much of a reversal in the first quarter, despite the fact that we had at the end of 2020, about $295 million in timing effects. And the reason being is that while we're seeing some reversals occurring, we're also building up new timing effects, because as you know, cash crush remains extremely strong. So some of the new contracts we're putting on, we're actually creating new timing effects. And so I just want to just kind of caution people that in this type of environment, even though there's about like $265 million of timing effects yet to unwind because of new timing effects that will likely occur over the course of the year, we may not see the full unwind occur this year. So that's just my only caution I want to provide listeners to the call on these timing effects. Thank you.
Ben Theurer: Okay. And then just, Ray, not pushing much here, but how do you think about the actual on a year-over-year basis, not on a sequential basis just compared to second quarter of last year because there was obviously a lot of things going on and some structure and some of the plans, just try to understand how we should put the second quarter of 21 into context with the second quarter of 20?
Ray Young: Yes. So in my prepared remarks, I did say that we're likely going to have lower Ag Services results this year, second quarter compared to last year, right. So - don't forget, remember, last year, we were benefiting a lot from South America, a farmer selling, right, and that was extremely strong last year first quarter, but particularly second quarter. So we're not going to see that impact this year, so that's going to be the primary driver as to why Ag Services. This year Q2 will be lower than last year's Q2.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much. I'll leave it here. Thanks. Congrats again.
Ray Young: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Larson of Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open.
Eric Larson: Yes. Thank you and congratulations, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Hi, Eric.
Ray Young: Hi, Eric.
Eric Larson: I'll make it really quick I have a couple questions that - one's a real near term question of kind of exports over the next couple quarters, the USDA is way behind I think in what they're going - what they're giving China credit for corn exports through the year, something like 6 million or 7 million metric tons, and yet we're seeing the cash markets, futures are strong, but the cash markets are nothing short of astonishing. So are we trying to fill some of those on-price, maybe, China contracts from US farmers, are they just holding back. I guess how tight really is the US corn market? We know the oil markets are really tight. Canada's importing rapeseed from the Ukraine, so we know that the North American oilseed markets are tight, but how tight is the US corn market right now given cash prices?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Eric listen, we think as I said before that the US continues to be competitive in the second quarter for corn exports, so we're going to see some of those exports. As Ray was saying before, Ag Services probably innovation margin will not be the same because we won't have the same program of soybean on top of that. China continues to be buying everything they can, they are buying corn, but they are buying wheat as I said before, from several places and we have certain weather sports in the world. Canada and France are too cold and too dry, that has put some pressure on wheat with all this demand. Australia's infrastructure is trying to recover from a cyclone, so the exploitability of wheat there is also a little bit limited for loading that has created some pressure. So, for the moment corn continues to be competitive, the US exporting corn, but pretty soon it will become landed in China a little bit more expensive than wheat and then - but then we're getting tighter because of the bad weather. So we are looking at all those dynamics. So it's very difficult to answer this tough question specifically, but that's what I will think that all day is looking at all those dynamics and making sure we alter our product flows to fit the best origin.
Eric Larson: Okay, yes. Okay, thank you. Yes, well, Chad is playing every bushel of barley and sorghum and I think they're around the world everywhere, but. So the final question is a longer term question that I'm really - somewhat concerned about, we've seen the Biden administration now talk about a 30% Conservation Plan, meaning they want to put 30% of USA, of all US land, all 30% of all water into conservation programs. At the same time increase the CRP program. Does that mean that we're in a land grab, I know we're in early stages, just as I said  buy land, do we encourage people to put it aside. Does it take more farmland out of production now at a time when we really actually need the production. How do you - what are initial reads of the Biden's recently announced conservation plans?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, I think the administration has shown from the beginning that of course, fighting climate change was going to be one of their priorities, which we support. And we have a strong sustainability program. I think that we need to start working on - and it's important to work very closely with the farmers to try to listen to - the farmer understands the responsibility. We have at the moment maybe 25% of acres doing precision agriculture, which I think will increase yield without needing more land. And I think that there will be a discussion with the administration and it will be a pressure between environmental long-term goals and short term feeding needs of the world. The world needs the US capacity as they need the Brazilian capacity, so these prices show that we need those acres. So I think that this cannot be automatic, is something that we will have to work out balancing all the stakeholders, people that need the food or with the long term needs for conserving the planet.
Eric Larson: All right. Thank you, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: And that was our final question for today. I will now return the call to Ms. de la Huerga for final remarks.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Chris. Slide 13 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. Before we close, I wanted to note that, I will be transitioning to a new position as President of our Sweet Foods and Dairy products group in ADM Human Nutrition business. I will be transitioning my investor relations role to Vikram Luthar, who will also continue to be the CFO for our Nutrition Business. I'd like to thank our analysts and shareholders for all their insight and support over the past three years. And as always, please feel free to follow-up with me, if you have any questions. Have a good day. And thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the ADM fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Victoria De La Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. De La Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria De La Huerga: Thank you Shelby. Good morning and welcome to ADMs fourth quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of todays webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the companys Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect managements current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events.  On todays webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano will provide an overview of the quarter and the year and highlight some of our accomplishments from 2020. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young will review financial highlights and corporate results, as well as the drivers of our performance, then Juan will make some final comments, after which they will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you Victoria.  This morning we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.21, up 49% year-over-year if we exclude the prior year impact of the retroactive biodiesel tax credit. Adjusted segment operating profit was $1.15 billion, 12% higher than the fourth quarter of 2019. For the full year, we delivered record adjusted EPS of $3.59; $3.4 billion in adjusted segment operating profit, 12% higher than 2019; four straight quarters of year-over-year segment operating profit growth, and trailing four-quarter adjusted ROIC of 7.7%, almost 200 basis points above our weighted cost of capital. We are maintaining our strong balance sheet and generating strong cash flows.  The team managed a wide variety of risks superbly and we achieved our strategic initiatives, exceeding our $500 million to $600 million guidance and driving our ability to deliver a steady, sustainable earnings growth. Id like to thank our team for this tremendous performance and highlight for you some of our many achievements in 2020. In our optimized pillar, around the globe amid lockdowns, rapidly shifting demand patterns and extreme weather events, our colleagues fulfilled our purpose by adapting and innovating to keep our work environment safe from COVID-19, maintaining our operations to support the global food value chain, and delivering for our customers to provide nutrition around the world. Beyond that, for the year, our ag services and oilseeds team delivered more than $300 million in capital reduction initiatives, and we are focusing on new ways to enhance the return structure of that business from digital technologies like our Grainbridge joint venture to differentiated products and services that add share value for growers, customers, and ADM. In our drive pillar, our new organizational structures and business processes, like our centers of excellence and our 1ADM business transformation project are helping drive better decision making and operational excellence. We continued our work to support our planet and its natural resources. We achieved our 15x20 environmental goals ahead of schedule and launched Strive 35, an even more ambitious plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, energy, water, and waste by 2035, and were partnering with farmers in their efforts toward better outcomes, supported by the 6.5 million acres we have in sustainable farming programs over recent years. In our growth pillar, our nutrition team exceeded our Neovia synergy targets and delivered them ahead of schedule. We expanded our plant-based protein capabilities, including the launch of our PlantPlus Foods joint venture, and amid an incredibly dynamic demand environment, we utilized new, innovative technologies and continued launching new products to ensure were meeting our customers needs.  Our carbohydrate solutions colleagues moved quickly to meet changing customer needs for retail flour, industrial starches for cardboards, and USP-grade alcohol for hand sanitizers, and the ADM team showed its innovative spirit by partnering and supporting companies that are making food out of air, spider silk out of corn, and animal feed out of insects. Finally, Im proud to say we surpassed by about 10% our stretch goal of $1.3 billion in readiness run rate benefits by the end of the year. Readiness is driving our strategic initiatives, enabling us to be more efficient and powering our growth. Perhaps most importantly, today we can say that readiness is truly embedded in our culture. Its how we work. Thanks to these impressive achievements, Im pleased to announce a quarterly dividend increase of 2.8% to $0.37 per quarter. This dividend will be our 357th consecutive quarterly payment, an uninterrupted record of 89 years.  Its been a remarkable year with achievements and results that truly demonstrate the strategic work weve been doing over the years to optimize, drive, and grow. Even more important is how were building for the future. Weve created and are now strengthening the strategic foundation to deliver steady, sustained earnings growth for years to come.  Ill be talking about that shortly, but first let me turn the call over to Ray to take us through our business performance. Ray?
Ray Young: Yes, thanks Juan, and good morning everyone. Please turn to Slide No. 4. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.21, down from the $1.42 in the prior year quarter. As a reminder, the fourth quarter of last year was positively impacted by the recognition of about $0.61 per share for the retroactive biodiesel tax credits. Absent this, earnings would have grown by about 49%. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 7.7%, almost 200 basis points higher than our 2020 annual WACC, and our trailing four-quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $3.7 billion.  The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2020 was approximately 8% compared to a benefit of 1% in the prior year. The calendar year 2020 effective tax rate was approximately 5%, down from the approximately 13% in 2019. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the calendar year was due primarily to changes in the geographic mix of earnings and the impact of U.S. tax credits, mainly the railroad tax credits, which have an offsetting expense in the cost of products sold. Absent the effect of EPS-adjusting items, the effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 11%, and for the calendar year 2020, it was approximately 9%. Looking ahead, were expecting full year 2021 effective tax rate to be in the range of 14% to 16%.  We generated about $3.1 billion of cash from operations before working capital for the year, significantly higher than 2019. Return of capital for the year was $942 million, including more than $800 million from dividends.  We finished the quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 32%, up from the 29% a year ago due to higher working capital needs due to rising commodity prices. Capital spending for the year was about $820 million, in line with our guidance and well below our depreciation and amortization rate of about $1 billion dollars. For 2021, we expect capital spending to be in a range of $900 million to $1 billion. Slide 5, please. Other business results were substantially lower than the prior year quarter. ADM investor services earnings were impacted by drastically lower short-term interest rates. Captive insurance results were negatively impacted by $15 million more in net intra-company settlements compared to the prior year quarter. For 2021, we expect other business results to be in line with 2020. In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $278 million were higher year-over-year due primarily to increased variable performance-related compensation expense accruals, increased IT and project-related expenses, and centralization of certain costs, including from Neovia. Other charges decreased due to lower railroad maintenance expenses partially offset by the absence of prior year investment gains. For 2021, corporate unallocated should be overall similar to 2020. Net interest expense for the quarter was lower than last year due to lower short term interest rates and liability management actions taken in 2020. For 2021, we expect net interest expense for the calendar year to be similar to or slightly lower than 2020. Slide 6, please. The ag services and oilseeds team capped off an outstanding year with record adjusting operating profit in the fourth quarter. Ag services results were significantly higher year over year. In North America, the team executed extremely well, capitalizing on strong global demand particularly from China to deliver higher export volumes and margins. South American origination was lower year over year after significantly accelerated farmer selling in the first half of 2020.  Global trade continued to do a great job, contributing to higher results by utilizing its global reach and managing risk well to meet customer demand. Approximately $80 million of prior timing effects reversed in the quarter, as expected.  Crushing also delivered substantially higher results versus the prior year period. The business did a great job to capture higher margins in a continued environment of tight soybean supply and strong global demand for both meal and vegetable oils. There was approximately $125 million in net negative timing in the quarter driven by basis impacts and improved soft seed margins.  Refined products and other results were higher year over year absent the recognition of the retroactive biodiesel tax credit in the fourth quarter of last year, with good results driven primarily by solid South American margins. Wilmars strong performance drove our equity earnings higher versus the prior year despite our slightly lower ownership stake.  For the full year, ag service and oilseeds delivered exceptional results of $2.1 billion, 9% higher than 2019. The team achieved multiple records, including all-time high global crush volumes. In addition, were proud of the team that brought our reserve export facility back online safely and ahead of schedule despite dealing with multiple severe weather events this year. Looking ahead, we expect the first quarter of 2021 results for ag service and oilseeds to be significantly higher than the prior year first quarter, driven by extremely strong North America export demand and continued healthy crush margins. Slide 7, please. The carbohydrate solutions team again delivered substantially a higher year-over-year result despite the impacts of lockdowns in key market segments. The starches and sweeteners sub-segment achieved significantly higher results driven by lower net corn costs and intra-company insurance settlements. Earnings were partially offset by low results from corn oil and wet mill ethanol margins. Damaged corn processor results were also better versus the prior year, though they continue to reflect the challenging ethanol industry environment. The team delivered higher year-over-year margins as they met increased demand for USP-grade alcohol, partially offset by fixed costs from the two temporarily idled dry mills.  Considering the impact of lockdowns in both driving miles and the food service sectors, were extremely proud of our carbohydrate solutions team for delivering full year results of $717 million, 11% higher than 2019. The team achieved record high operating profits from starches in the year. They acted decisively by temporarily idling production at our two VCP dry mill plants, helping address industry supply and demand balances, and the wheat milling business modernization and optimization plan, including a new state of the art mill in Mendota, Illinois, helped power a significant improvement over full year 2019 for that business.  Looking ahead, we expect carbohydrate solutions results in the first quarter to be significantly higher than last years first quarter, which was negatively impacted by corn oil mark to market impacts, but below the fourth quarter 2020 levels due to the challenged industry ethanol margins.  Slide 8, please. The nutrition team delivered 24% year-over-year growth in the quarter. In human nutrition, flavors delivered a strong quarter driven by good sales and product mix in North America and EMEAI. Continued strength in plant proteins drove higher results in specialty ingredients. Health and wellness delivered higher sales in probiotics and natural health and nutrition. Prior year results included revenue and income related to the launch of the strategic Spiber relationship. Human nutrition results for the quarter also included an intra-company insurance settlement.  Animal nutrition results were significantly higher year over year, driven by strong performances in Asia and EMEAI and improvements in amino acid results, partially offset by currency effects in Latin America. Were continuing to make improvements in our amino acid business, including our announcement last month that were discontinuing dry lysine production and transitioning to our liquid and encapsulated products in the first half of this year.  For the full year, nutrition results were $574 million, 37% higher than 2019. The nutrition team grew revenue 5% on a constant currency basis and continued to expand EBITDA margins. We exceeded our Neovia synergy targets and delivered them ahead of schedule. We are truly seeing the benefits of our investments in nutrition. Looking ahead, we expect nutrition to solidly grow operating profits in 2021 calendar year, but the first quarter should be similar to the prior year period due to timing of certain expenses over the year, including investments in projects to drive organic growth.  With that, let me turn it over to Juan to conclude. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you Ray. Slide 9, please.  Id like to congratulate the team once more on delivering great results in 2020. Im proud of what we achieved and Im excited to see our work empowering us to reach even greater heights.  In 2020, ag services and oilseeds capitalized on its unparalleled and flexible global footprint to meet strong demand. In 2021, we expect ag services and oilseeds strong execution, diverse and flexible crush capabilities, including an extensive soft seed footprint and important strategic work to continue to drive results. In addition, we expect the global demand environment for ag services and oilseeds to remain strong.  China should continue to be a significant buyer. We see continued strong global growth in meal demand and we expect increased demand for vegetable oil due to recovering cooking oils for food service and growth in demand for biofuels, including renewable green diesel. That is why we are confident in another outstanding performance from ag services and oilseeds in 2021. Carbohydrate solutions is showing how we have embedded great execution into our operational structure and culture. The team is doing a great job strengthening their business by optimizing their plans and product mix, and their ability to adjust production in 2020 to quickly meet changes in demand showed how those strategic efforts are paying off. Now they are well positioned to use those same tools as the effect of lockdowns on the food service and transportation fuel sectors dissipates throughout 2021. We expect solid profit growth for the year for carbohydrate solutions. Nutrition continued to harvest investments, leading consumer growth trend areas and partnering with customers to bring innovative new products and solutions to market in 2020. Based on our current organic growth plans, we expect the nutrition team to deliver solid revenue expansion and enter the period of an average of 15% per annum operating profit growth consistent with our strategic plan.  Across ADM, we are fulfilling our purpose and building on a foundation for steady, sustainable earnings growth. We are growing and leading in key trend areas, including food security, health and wellness, and sustainability. Our continued advancements of readiness is benefiting the entire enterprise and were making investments in exciting growth innovation platforms, which well be talking more about in the future.  In 2021, we will remain focused on the drivers under our control, having incremental returns as we focus on organic growth, advancing operational excellence initiatives to maximize returns from every business and every asset, and continuing to generate benefits from readiness. With the strong execution of these strategic initiatives and improving market conditions as the year progresses, we expect to build on a record 2020 with strong growth in segment operating profit and another record year of EPS in 2021. With that, Shelby, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question is from Michael Piken of Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: Yes, good morning. Congratulations on the good quarter. Just wanted to dig a little bit more into your thoughts on how U.S. crushing is going to play out throughout the year. I understand 1Q is going to be really strong, but are you worried about tightness and availability of soybeans as we move into the spring and summer, and how are you sort of positioning your crushing business in case the market gets a little bit tighter?
Juan Luciano: Yes Michael, thank you for the question. Good morning. Listen, we expect 2021 to be a very, very strong year for oilseeds and ag services, maybe with a different mix of earnings that we have in this year. If you think about 2021, were starting with tailwinds from 2020, so were starting from a different position, and were starting the year with improved global crush margins in Q1 versus Q1 last year. We see a year in which we flex a little bit more our capabilities. We see a strong, still soybean crush but an exceptional crop and recovery after many years of softness in the soft seed crush, and Id remind you that we have about 25% of our capacity in soft seed, and we have about 15% of our capacity that is shifting, so thats a competitive advantage for ADM.  We see a strong demand for meal, and we see also the vegetable story playing out with good global demand and prices that are today about 20% higher than at the same time last year, and not only coming from food demand but also from fuels, a new renewable green diesel capacity is having an impact in green oil demand and margins, and think that that could be something about half a billion pounds per year this year of extra demand, so all in all we see tight balances and we see a strong margin environment for the rest of the year.
Michael Piken: Great. Then just as a follow-up, in your slide deck you talked about on Slide 13 having $295 million of cumulative crush deferred timing gains, is that all showing up in oilseed crush or is that across the whole portfolio, and if you could give us any sort of help in terms of the cadence of when we might see that realized - is it going to be primarily in 1Q or more evenly spread throughout the first half? Thanks.
Ray Young : Yes Michael, its Ray here. This is in the crush part of the ag services and oilseeds. As you pointed out, we increased by $125 million in the quarter, so now we have a balance of about $295 million in timing effects. We expect that roughly half will get reversed in the first quarter based upon the book that we have right now, and then the other half will be reversed over the second and third quarters and actually well see how prices move, but this is our current expectations in terms of how we expect this to play out over the course of 21.
Michael Piken: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone. 
Ray Young: Morning Adam.
Adam Samuelson: I guess my first question was going to be around the carbohydrate solutions business. I know you talked about seeing a pathway for growth there, and understanding especially in the first half of the year theres some pretty easy comps in terms of capacity utilization and weak volumes on the HFCS side, but help us think through some of the different pieces there. Ethanol in the first half of this year looks to be in a bit of a tougher spot, obviously corn prices have moved up pretty notably. Just trying to think about some of the different moving pieces and help us how we get to growth in that business in 2021.
Ray Young: Yes, sure Adam. Let me start here.  Its useful to refer to also how they manage 2020, right, because 2020, when you think about businesses that have been most negatively impacted by COVID-19, the carb sol segment was the one most negatively impacted, yet in 2020 they grew earnings. What they did was they really managed product mix extremely well - you know, driving starches, driving industrial alcohol. They managed the ethanol production well and frankly had a positive impact on industry margins through the idling actions it took. But what a lot of people forget is we have an international business thats growing, right so were expanding capacity over in Europe, and the European operations almost doubled in profitability in 2020 compared to 2019, a big contributor there. In the North America milling operations, their footprint optimization is really paying off with 20% growth in profitability in 20 versus 19, so when you think about 2021, this playbook continues. Number one, we do expect stabilizations in the North American starches and sweetener business as the beginnings of recovery in demand for certain products occur with the dissipation of lockdowns. Secondly, theyre continuing to drive great product portfolio mix, so particularly in the area of liquid dextrose and maltodextrin and citric acid. Those are actually, from a product mix perspective, very beneficial. Thirdly, continued international growth, so when you think about where sugar prices are around the world right now, our European operations, whereby weve added capacity, continues to drive growth, theyre going to be another contributor. Then lastly, we expect continued growth in terms of our milling operations, and very pleased in terms of how their optimization plan is really playing out. Now getting back to some of the comments on the year-over-year comparison, we start off the year with weaker margins in ethanol, but if you recall in last year, margins actually hit a low of negative $0.45 in March. We dont see that, so when you think about year-over-year comparisons, were going to start off on a challenged basis but we do expect the industry supply-demand balances in the ethanol industry get better balance as we move through the year, for several reasons. Number one, China actually has been buying U.S. ethanol. Thats something that they have not been doing over the past couple of years, and we believe that theyve already made commitments already in the first half of the year for U.S. ethanol equal to the previous all-time high for the calendar year, roughly 200 million gallons. Well have to see where China ends up in the calendar year in terms of imports of U.S. ethanol.  Secondly, there has been announced reconfiguration of ethanol capacity by various competitors in the industry as they kind of focus their production away from transportation fuel ethanol towards other products, so thats going to have an impact in industry supply and demand. Thirdly, the industry itself, there is about 10% to 15% of capacity that remains idled, and from our perspective were going to remain very disciplined in terms of when we actually re-start the dry mills because well want to see sustainable margins before we re-start, and hopefully sometime in the first half were going to see that. Then lastly, how the small refinery exemptions will play out over the first part of the year as the Supreme Court rules on it will have an impact, frankly, in terms of domestic demand for ethanol. If you take a look at RINs pricing right now, there is an expectation in the U.S. that domestic ethanol demand is going to be strong over the course of this calendar year, given just a recovery in terms of driving miles as we go through the year and then, secondly, how the expectations in terms of how the SREs will play out. Overall, Adam, we feel good about how we start the year in terms of the carb solutions businesses, but we do see particularly in the area of ethanol, we see green shoots of recovery in 2021 for this business here.
Adam Samuelson: Thats a lot of really helpful color, Ray. If I could just squeeze in a second one, just on the balance sheet, just given the move up in commodity prices, the increased cost of inventory, how do we think about the tolerance for more offensive capital deployment in terms of buybacks or M&A over the course of 21? How much dry powder do you think you have as we sit here today?
Ray Young: Well, we finished the year actually from a leverage perspective on a debt to EBITDA ratio in reasonable position because, as you know, inventory financing from a rating agency perspective, you get RMI credit, so with the movement in higher commodity prices which moved working capital higher, clearly were financing it. One of the things very different than the last crisis back in 2008 is that weve really diversified our working capital lines, and so I feel good about our ability to finance a higher working capital level. But from a leverage perspective with the RMI credits, our leverage--our balance sheet remains strong, and so we believe weve got fire power in order to continue to look at opportunistic M&A and opportunistic share buybacks over the course of the year.
Adam Samuelson: All right, I really appreciate all that color. Ill pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: Thanks, and good morning everyone. Ray, Juan, just wanted to ask you both about the inverse that we see in the corn and soy markets and how youre going to manage that in the ag services business this year, and what challenges or opportunities does that present for you?
Juan Luciano: Yes, thank you Vince. Listen, the inverse certainly is indicating to farmers and everybody that to bring the product to the market, so we see a little bit of this talking - of course, nobody wants to run that inverse through--cold inventory through the inverse. What we are seeing is that that inverse is bringing is that--is bringing clear assistance for exports for North America and South America, and we think that thats an advantage for the ag services business in which it brings better margins normally for export season. Youre going to see a little bit what happened last year, you know, that Brazil sold everything, run out of material, then the tide shifted immediately for the U.S. The U.S. is starting from an extended window of exports because of Brazil started a little bit late the planting, so we are starting with good margins, we are starting with good exports for the first quarter. For the first quarter, Vince, we expect U.S. record volumes for Q1 and then we expect a very strong season at the end of the year with another strong Q4. Were very, very optimistic about it.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, thats very helpful. If I could just follow up on freight rates, they really have run up. Is that something that you benefit from, because presumably you have long term contracts that those freight rates have to get pushed into the market pricing, and you just maybe get the benefit on the revenue line but dont experience the cost, or is there a different dynamic there?
Juan Luciano: No, I think you are correct in your assessment. You also have to understand the value of the full value chain that we run in ADM. When I describe, for example, record exports, that means also record loads for ARTCO, so we get a secondary stream of profits from there for the full value chain. We have stevedoring, we have the barges, and we have the export terminals, so the whole--when you have that kind of volume, the whole value chain gets enhanced margins all through the chain.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, very good. I appreciate the comments. Ill pass it along.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens. 
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thanks. Good morning everybody. 
Ray Young: Morning Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I wanted to ask your outlook for the year for 2021, you made a note in your press release and in your comments that you expect improved market conditions. I suspect in light of the detailed comments that you gave, youre referring to the carbohydrate solutions group particularly, but Id be curious what youre expecting on the ag services and oilseeds. Is 2020 a number that you think is probable to be eclipsed for EBIT based on the market view that you have right now, or how should we be thinking about that setup?
Juan Luciano: Yes Ben, when I think about the three businesses for 2021 and when we think about a strong 2021, the ag services and oilseeds business will be a very, very strong year, as I said before, maybe with a different mix of earnings with maybe were not going to get to the same levels in RPO business or maybe South American oils, but were going to have a better canola and soft seed margins in general for the business. We still expect exports from ag services to be very strong.  We had an exceptionally strong year for global trade in 2020, which I think were going to have a strong year, we dont know exactly were going to get to the same level. We plan another outstanding year for ag services and oilseeds in 2021. Carb solutions, I think that thats the business, as Ray explained it before, that has been the biggest impact by COVID-19, and we think that last year, it was a very tough year in which the team did an outstanding job of growing earnings 11% in that environment. We think that conditions for this year, especially when you think about the pent-up demand, the improvements in conditions with more prevalent vaccination in the second half and all that, and with some exports to China in ethanol, we expect there are many elements there to build a more constructive scenario in 2021 than in 2020. The nutrition business will continue to grow. We are investing in that business and its a business that has a strong organic growth program, and we see in that range, as I mentioned before, that when we look at the strategic plan for nutrition as we grow nutrition to the billion-dollar OP during our plan, well look for 15% CAGR to get there, and thats what were expecting for this year.  Thats how I think about 2021.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thats great. If I could, as it relates to 1Q in particular for carbohydrate solutions, you noted you expect results to be significantly higher than 1Q20 but lower than 4Q20. Thats a pretty big range. Is there any more granularity you could provide there? Should we be thinking about something north of $100 million based on the current market view, or is that too high? Maybe just any more specificity, if youre willing to give it, on that segment in particular in 1Q, and then Ill leave it there. Thank you.
Ray Young: Yes, a lot of it is going to be a function of where ethanol moves over the course of the year. We expect it to be over $100 million. We expect it to be over $100 million, but where we land, a lot of it will be where ethanol moves over the next couple months here. But again, if you recall last year, we had about $65 million of negative corn oil market to market that wont get repeated, so thats going to be a benefit in our first quarter results this year.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thank you both, and best of luck in this year.
Ray Young: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Congratulations on a great year. I wanted to know if you have any color for us on the impact of rising corn costs. Theres some comparison, I guess benefits compared to last year where corn oil was out of sync, but is rising corn costs going to be a problem for carbohydrate solutions at any point, and maybe you could talk more specifically about high fructose corn syrup negotiations and were you able to increase your prices to offset the higher corn costs. Thanks.
Ray Young: Yes Rob, its Ray here. A couple things to note. First of all, the team did an outstanding job on risk management, so without disclosing everything that they do, its fair to say that we had a lot of our requirements for 2021 hedged before the significant run-up in terms of corn costs. I think that the team did some great work in terms of anticipating how S&Ds would actually work over the course of 2021. With respect to contracts, just a reminder not every contract gets negotiated in the contract cycle. We have multi-year contracts, and so a certain amount of contracts got negotiated and the outcome of the negotiations is the fact that we expect to be able to maintain our margins as we go through 2021 relative to 2020, through a combination of contract negotiations as well as the efforts that were doing in terms of managing the mix and also managing our costs there. The other comment in terms of rising corn costs, and also given really a strong demand environment for feed, is youve seen cold product values go up. Thats a benefit for our businesses as well, so I think in the fourth quarter we made the comment that part of the strong results is that we had very favorable net corn costs. We expect that the team is also going to be able to manage through 21 with good net corn cost as well, so I think the team--and the carb sol team, theyve done an outstanding job on the risk management side in managing through the higher corn cost environment here.
Juan Luciano: Rob, if I may add, I think something that gives us confidence, because of course the team is pretty good at doing this, is that in very tight markets, the fundamentals become more important because markets move more based on fundamentals, and there the information we have, the visibility we have in the network becomes much more important to make decisions than in other times, when maybe materials are a little bit longer and softer. Then, there are more variables that come into play.
Robert Moskow: Maybe you cant this much detail, but in the contracts that you were negotiating, were you able to negotiate prices higher in reaction to higher corn, or was it not like that?
Ray Young: I think, Rob, lets keep it to the fact that weve been able to manage in total the portfolio, the contracts and being able to maintain the margins year over year. Thats the level of disclosure I think we want to make at this point. Thank you.
Robert Moskow: Got it, okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Zaslow of BMO.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone. I have two questions. First, the capex spending is going up. What are you incrementally spending on and what do you think the returns are, and when will you actually get the returns associated with that and how do we think about the incremental products there? Thats my first question.
Ray Young: Ken, a couple things on the increased capex. One, I mentioned that we are in the midst of a business transformation program, so 2021 will be one of our peak years into a project, the One ADM project, so we do have some capitalized--some incremental capitalized costs associated with the program thats part of our capex budget. Secondly, with the pandemic in 2020, some projects got moved over, got pushed from 2020 into 2021. Some of them are growth projects, some of them are cost reduction projects, some of them are non-discretionary expenditure projects, so theres a series of projects that we did push from 2020 to 21 just due to the pandemic and our ability to execute.  Then thirdly, we do have growth projects. We mentioned organic growth, our focus in that area, so we do have organic growth projects going on in the course of 2021. Those are the three buckets as to why the number is increasing from the number that we finished up in 20 from 21.  Again, the range, $900 million to $1 billion is a large range. We havent approved some of these projects, were just putting it in terms of a placeholder, but part of our discipline is we will be evaluating the timing, the returns, and determining do we actually spend it in the course of 21 or not. As you know, in terms of growth projects, our hurdle rates are double-digit percentages, right? Our hurdle rates are double-digit percentages in order to approve these projects.
Juan Luciano: And Id remind you, Ken, that first of all, we are also becoming a larger company, so there are projects now that our organic growth is coming from the new Neovia acquisition, the animal nutrition. We are expanding our bioactives production in Valencia, Spain, so we are becoming a larger company. Id also remind you that we have a program to divest to reduce capital investment, and we achieved $300 million in that side of the ledger, so well continue with the same capital discipline done before. You can be assured of that.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Then my second question, really more of a clarification, you said in 2021 EPS and operating profit would be higher year over year, or could be significantly higher - I forgot the exact word, but does that include or exclude the $295 million? Ill leave it there.
Ray Young: Youre referring to the $295 million of timing effects, Ken?
Ken Zaslow: Yes, are you going to be able to grow numbers outside that $295 million, or is that $295 million included in what you think is going to be a year-over-year--
Ray Young: Its all included there. Its all included in the number there, Ken - all included. 
Ken Zaslow: Would you be able to grow even without that, or is that part of the--I guess Im just trying to figure out, when you say significant growth, is that beyond the $295 million or is that including? If you didnt have the $295 million, would you still be able to grow? Ill leave it there.
Ray Young: Theres a lot of puts and takes there, Ken, right, so I think its fair to say that our pre-tax numbers are going to grow significantly and there is going to be a little--you take a little bit off with the higher tax rate. I think thats probably the more important factor, is our higher tax rate will skim off a little bit of the pre-tax improvement that were going to drive in 21 versus 20.
Ken Zaslow: Okay, great. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Simonitsch of JP Morgan.
Tom Simonitsch: Hi, good morning everyone.
Juan Luciano: Morning Tom.
Tom Simonitsch: Just following up on U.S. export strength, how much U.S. corn do you expect China to import beyond this marketing year?
Juan Luciano: Yes Tom - sorry, I was trying to get my mask off. Were expecting China to take about 25 million tons of corn, so you know the situation there in China - we think that inventories are much--reserves are much lower than what the market is reporting there. You can see that in the prices that weve seen. China didnt have a great crop, so we expect significant imports for both oilseeds and corn.
Tom Simonitsch: Do you think that 25 million tons is sustainable beyond this marketing year?
Juan Luciano: Yes, we think so, we think so. Of course, not all comes from the U.S., it comes from different sources, but it is. China is trying other things as well - you know, they are reducing a little bit their wheat stocks, they have imported a lot of wheat from Australia as well. Remember that all this is driven by the recovery from ASF - they are trying to rebuild the curve, but also by the professionalization of the feeding that has included much more of all these grains into Russia. We think that we will continue to see multi-year increases in Chinas appetite for all these commodities.
Tom Simonitsch: Okay, thank you. Maybe you could break down your nutrition outlook for 2021 - you mentioned the 15% segment profit growth. How does that compare for human versus animal nutrition?
Juan Luciano: Yes, they have different dynamics. Human nutrition is much more related to specific innovation projects that are driven by customers in our pipeline, and we feel very strongly about that. Our pipeline continues to grow and our win rates continue to grow. Animal nutrition has been a little bit more affected by COVID in the sense that there are some parts of it, like aquaculture, where fish and shrimp are much more consumed in restaurants than at home, while on the other hand pet, with people spending more time at home, companion animals have become a little bit better. I would say there are puts and takes there, and its difficult to judge ahead of time. I think the important thing about the nutrition business is when you take a look at whats happening, is that thats a business that is investing in growth but also has been able to grow returns and to grow margins within the year in both divisions, both in animal and in human nutrition. I think were going to continue to see that with, as I said, the different paths to growth with animal nutrition more in building organic growth for some of the projects, especially in Asia and in parts of Latin America, and then in human nutrition with more specific customer innovation projects in North America and Europe. 
Tom Simonitsch: Thats very helpful, thank you. Ill pass it on.
Juan Luciano: Thank you Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Larson of Global Securities. 
Eric Larson: Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone, and congratulations on a really good year. 
Ray Young: Thank you Eric.
Eric Larson: Juan, I just want to dive a little--I just want to add a little bit--my first question is on nutrition, just add a little bit more clarity to that. Last year, you had talked about harvesting more of your investments. You built a lot of plants in South America, in Asia for your nutrition business. I still expect that harvesting that investment is still a big part of your earnings story and your margin story. Can you talk a little bit about where you are in your harvesting of margins for nutrition, and Im sure it differs between human and animal, but can you help us with that a little bit?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I would say the harvesting continues. These plants that we built are relatively new plants, whether its pea protein or specialty proteins in Campo Grande, so were going to have harvesting for many years down the road, hopefully. I would say that 2021 is a year of heavier investment, if you will, again another round of investment. Some of those things are capabilities, whether its customer insights and marketing, whether its new digital connections to customers, new models to innovate virtually, and even a lot of organic growth. We have--we kind of went light in organic growth projects in animal nutrition during 2020 because we were working on the synergies and, to be honest, because the COVID environment didnt allow for a lot of project work. Now, we are going into more of that, so youre going to see 2021 being a little bit heavier investment in that, in capabilities and plant. Some of these, you dont see because this is building the foundations. We are a science based nutrition company, but you see for example in the quarter, we got two awards. We got the FIE Award for Innovation in Pea Protein, and we got the BIG Innovation Award for BPL1, one of our probiotics. We continue to invest in science, in customer insights and in organic growth in this business as we harvest, and the harvesting you see in how our ROIC continues to grow in that business and you see the success of our value proposition in how the EBITDA margins continue to grow in our business.  We are very happy, but Eric, we are at the early stages of building the best nutrition company out there. We are probably halfway through that build. 
Eric Larson: Okay, great. Thanks for the color there. Juan, the question that I have, and youve talked a lot about demand around the world, which is even surprisingly strong despite the grain pricing environment that we have, which is pretty high, and were still seeing good exports. But when you look at the U.S. crop upcoming planting season this year, you look at whats going on in South America, which is clearly the world needed 140 million metric tons of soybeans out of Brazil and theyre not going to get that, and were seeing wheat in Russia, can you--it seems to me when you just put all the numbers together on a global basis, we are not going to rebuild these global supplies in a single year. It might take a couple years of good weather and all of that to sustain demand. Can you kind of encapsulate how ADM is looking at the next two years regarding demand and supply of global grains?
Juan Luciano: Yes, we see an environment of real demand, real effective demand happening out there, and to be honest, our customers dont have a lot of inventory because everybody has been talking of going hand to mouth with this inverse, so we see truly strong demand and tight balance sheets. As you said, corn and oilseeds, I think theyre going to touch [indiscernible] balance sheet. Wheat is a little bit stronger, but the Black Sea has not had a great wheat season, although Australia has a wheat growing season, so we see this is going to take 18 to 24 months for these supply-demand balances to be rebuilt. We see these conditions persisting for the next couple of years, even with farmers, imagine like you, trying to plant more, because I think that these prices will bring more acres into production. But we need those extra acres right now.
Eric Larson: Yes, so not only plant more acres but well also try to maximize our yields, so its the combination of both, so.
Juan Luciano: Right.
Eric Larson: Thank you, gentlemen, Ill pass it on.
Juan Luciano: Thank you Eric.
Operator: Your final question is from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Ben Theurer: Good morning Juan, Ray, and congrats on the results. Just wanted to follow up on the capex related to the different businesses. Clearly youve been putting a lot of emphasis on the growth and the prospects within nutrition, and youve just said this will be another year in the need of investments in order to get to that 15% CAGR youve been talking about. If we think about the capex in general, that $900 million to maybe a billion dollars, which is clearly up from what we saw in the last two years, could you give us a little bit of an understanding how you allocate or how you plan to allocate within that capex to the different segments, and in particular to the nutrition business, just to understand how much capital youre adding to that business?
Juan Luciano: Yes, something that you have to understand, and Im going to speak at a high level here, but the nutrition has a different OP to capital sensitivity than the other businesses. These projects are--sometimes you have big projects like Campo Grande for specialty proteins, but the rest of the projects, if you think that the commodity business has maybe a multiplier of you need five units of capex to get one unit of OP, sometimes in nutrition you get a one-on-one. I think the issue is that because its a smaller business, sometimes this investment, this effort has a higher impact in the P&L because they need to carry as they grow and as they build the smaller business. But I would say the nutrition is not a heavy capital intensive business, so when you hear me speaking about animal nutrition organic growth projects, those are small projects. They are not in the hundreds of millions of dollars type of projects, so I would say we continue to emphasize them but its not a heavy burden on the capital. Thats why were growing so fast and we still are not forecasting north of a billion dollars, even when were doing One ADM and all that. I think its very affordable growth from a capital perspective. 
Ray Young: Theres a couple, Ben. Theres a couple large projects in the carb solutions business that were finishing up in 2021, so the Bulgaria expansion, were finishing up, were finishing up the building of the feed health in Clinton, so theres a couple of chunky investments that were just finishing up over the course of 21.
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect Juan and Ray, thanks. Then one final one - just netting it out, youve been talking about the ethanol imports over to China, but how is that netting out versus Brazil and what youre seeing there? Is that--is this just a tit for take, south to north, or how is the balance currently on that export business to China?
Juan Luciano: I think--listen, exports to China, weve been talking a lot about that. We expect this year will be a record high, so they are taking because, you know, corn is expensive in China. You also need to remember in this equation, sugar prices are at an all-time high, so in Brazil you make a choice, so its different than the U.S., in Brazil you make a choice how much you make of sugar and ethanol, and of course sugar prices are a big temptation this year. We expect higher exports and maybe we expect a little bit of less pressure from Brazil in that sense. 
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. Ill leave it here. Thanks.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue at this time. Ms. De La Huerga, do you have any closing remarks?
Victoria De La Huerga: Yes, thank you for joining us today. Slide 10 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the ADM Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. de la Huerga, you may begin. 
Victoria Huerga: Thank you, Amy. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com.
 For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC report. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events.
 On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and important actions we are taking to meet our strategic goals. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results as well as the drivers of our performance and our outlook. Vince Macciocchi, Senior Vice President and President of our Nutrition segment, will give an update on our nutrition business and its future growth. Then Juan will make some final comments, after which they will take your questions.
 Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan. 
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Victoria. Last night, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.89, up from $0.77 in the prior year quarter. Adjusted segment operating profit was $849 million, up 11% year-over-year, and our trailing fourth quarter adjusted ROIC was 8.3%.
 Our strategic initiatives have continued to enable our teams around the world to demonstrate their expertise and skills. And I'm proud of how our colleagues are supporting customers and driving strong results. The team has done a great job handling the daily and sometimes hourly challenges that have come our way in 2020. That resiliency allows us to deliver outstanding results today while we simultaneously continue our strategic work to make our company better and advance our growth and transformation.
 Let me share with you some of our accomplishments. In our optimize pillar, our Ag Services and Oilseeds team continued its work to enhance returns, delivering another $100 million in invested capital reductions in the third quarter. Since 2017, Ag Services and Oilseeds has improved its capital position by exiting from no longer strategic assets, including 71 grain origination locations, 6 oilseed facilities, 14 Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts locations and 7 ocean-going vessels.
 We've also seen first-hand how our improvement initiatives have helped drive business continuity. In addition to the pandemic, in recent months, we've seen multiple hurricanes in the U.S. Gulf under the rage of storm that swept across the Midwest. Despite those events, thanks to our teams and our operational excellence, we have continued to serve our customers and fulfill our purpose without significant interruption.
 In our drive pillar, we are continuing to accelerate our 1ADM business transformation, expanding the deployment of our procurement, contract labor and sales and marketing modules, which are helping us drive efficiencies and growth and will provide us with a trove of data to support enhanced analytics and decision-making.
 Our Decatur corn complex ongoing strong performance from grind to gluten and germ meal to workplace safety continues to demonstrate the benefits of our centralized operations organization. Our supply chain center of excellence is delivering as well. Using our enhanced processes and tools as well as integrated planning between commercial, supply chain and operations, we've recently piloted changes at the nutrition facility that are on track to unlock a 20-plus percent increase in production capacity at that location and have already resulted in enhancements in customer service without additional capital spending. We'll be rolling these kinds of improvements out to other locations.
 In our expand pillar, we are continuing to harvest our investments. For example, year-to-date, our Algar Agro acquisition has tripled its year-over-year operating profit. In a very short time, Algar has grown to be an important component of the South American business. We've successfully expanded production of high-quality USP grade alcohol in Peoria and Clinton to meet high demand for hand sanitizer. We announced the construction of a new state-of-the-art production facility in Spain that will dramatically expand our ability to meet growing demand for probiotics and other consumer products to support health and wellness.
 We also signed a long-term agreement with Japanese startup Spiber Inc. This project taps into our innovative spirit and capabilities creating value from across our supply chain from the corn we buy to the dextrose we make, to the science and manufacturing technology we have invested in. And it meets a critical need in the marketplace for both consumer and industrial products that come from sustainable sources.
 Our transformation and growth and our confidence in the future will not be possible without readiness. By the end of the third quarter, our team identified and executed on readiness initiatives that unlocked almost $1.2 billion in run rate benefits. And now I'm pleased to announce that we are on track to achieve $1.3 billion by the end of the year.
 Readiness encompasses and supports our entire company. It drives the strategic imperatives that help us fulfill our purpose, such as sustainability. We are advancing our sustainability efforts on many fronts, such as our Strive 35 goals to improve our performance on greenhouse gases, energy, water and waste.
 Readiness creates growth enablers. For example, we're continuing to elevate our commercial excellence with innovative tools like our consumer insight programs and virtual customer technologies. And of course, readiness is one of the key elements powering the growth algorithm we laid out at the beginning of the year. Because of its success, along with tremendous progress in our harvest and improved initiatives, we now expect to meet or exceed the high end of our $500 million to $600 million goal for targeted improvement in 2020.
 So before I turn to Ray, I'd like to say that it's our pleasure to welcome Vince today on this call. In 2014, we started a new journey with the acquisition of WILD Flavors and the launch of a full-service nutrition business, offering customers a broad array of products and services. I could not be more proud of the growth we have seen since then.
 Nutrition has delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of 20-plus percent year-over-year OP growth. Revenue is up 5.7% on a currency-adjusted basis for the first 9 months of the year. And in the years since we acquired WILD, we are nearly tripled OP in the flavors business. As we've been getting more and more questions about that business and its growth potential, we decided that it was the perfect time to update and explain the business further.
 But before we get to Vince though, I'll turn it over to Ray to take us through our business performance. Ray? 
Ray Young: Thanks, Juan. And please turn to Slide #4. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.89, up from the $0.77 in the prior year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $849 million, up 11%. And our trailing 4-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 8.3%, 255 basis points higher than our 2020 annual WACC. Our trailing 4-quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $3.7 billion.
 Our cash flows are strong as we generate about $2.3 billion of cash from operations before working capital for the first 9 months of the year. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was a benefit of approximately 13% compared to an expense of 19% in the prior year. Our Q3 tax rate was impacted by our debt retirement actions as well as the sale of our Wilmar shares and higher year-over-year Wilmar earnings and U.S. tax credits. Absent the effect of EPS adjusting items, our effective tax rate was approximately 11%. We expect our adjusted tax rate for Q4 to be similar to this adjusted Q3 effective tax rate.
 As we announced at various points during Q3, we've taken several actions over the last few months to both utilize and enhance our strong balance sheet. These actions were not about cash flow or liquidity as we had cash and available credit capacity at the end of the quarter of almost $10 billion. They were about creating balance sheet optionality for future transactions while maintaining a strong credit rating profile.
 We monetized a portion of our Wilmar investment through a block sale of Wilmar stock and issuance of bonds exchangeable for Wilmar shares at a future date. As we have indicated, we view our significant remaining Wilmar stake as strategic, and we do not have any intentions to sell additional shares.
 Leveraging our strong cash position, we also rebalanced our mix between long and short-term debt, economically retiring higher coupon debt through positive NPV transactions and reducing interest payments in the future.
 Combined, these actions allow us the flexibility to make strategic investments, further bolt-on acquisitions or buy back shares when it makes sense to do so, all while continuing to make progress in deleveraging our balance sheet and maintaining our single A credit ratings. These actions were also a significant driver of our tax rate.
 Return of capital for the first 9 months was $724 million, including around $115 million in opportunistic share repurchases, the vast majority of which were executed earlier this year. We finished the quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 27%, down from the 30% a year ago.
 Capital spending for the first 9 months was about $560 million. We expect capital spending for the year to be around $800 million that we previously indicated and well below our depreciation and amortization rate of about $1 billion.
 Slide 5, please. Other business results were lower than the prior year quarter, driven by lower ADM investor services earnings and captive insurance underwriting losses, including a $17 million settlement impact for the high water claim with Ag Services and Oilseeds.
 In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $196 million were higher year-over-year, due primarily to variable performance-related incentive compensation accruals, which were low in the prior year. Corporate results this quarter also included $396 million related to the early debt retirement charges that I referred to earlier, which is an EPS adjustment item. Net interest expense for the quarter was similar to the prior year period.
 Looking forward, we expect unallocated corporate expenses to be in line with our initial $800 million guidance for calendar year and Q4 net interest expense to be slightly lower than Q3. We also expect a loss of about $50 million in other business in Q4 due to anticipated intercompany insurance claim settlements.
 Please turn to Slide 6. Ag Services and Oilseeds results were higher than the third quarter of 2019. In Ag Services, we saw extremely good execution around the globe. The North American team did well to capitalize on strong industry export margins and volumes, and the global trade team had another strong quarter as they continued their focus on serving customers. Ag Services also benefit from a $54 million settlement related to the 2019 U.S. high water insurance claims, which is partially offset by an expense in captive insurance.
 The crushing team also did a great job executing in a solid demand environment. Both Ag Services and Crushing saw expanding margins during the quarter resulting in around $155 million in total negative timing effects, which led to lower results. Those timing impacts are expected to reverse in the coming quarters. Refined Products and Other was significantly higher year-over-year, driven by improved biodiesel margins around the globe. Equity earnings from Wilmar were substantially higher versus the prior year period.
 Looking ahead, we expect to see strong North American exports in global crush margins in the fourth quarter, combined to contribute to a very strong Ag Services and Oilseeds performance, with results significantly higher than the third quarter of this year, though lower than Q4 of 2019, which included a $270 million benefit for 2 years of the retroactive biodiesel tax credit.
 Slide 7, please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were significantly higher year-over-year. The Starches and Sweeteners subsegment was substantially higher driven by strong risk management and improved net corn costs as well as a balanced ethanol industry supply and demand environment. Reduced food service demand affected sweetener and flower volumes but we're seeing good demand recovery for starches in North America. The Vantage corn processors team did a good job executing on the wet mill fuel ethanol distribution and capitalizing on higher year-over-year industry margins while managing the fixed costs from the 2 temporarily idle dry mills. Increased volumes and margins on USP grade industrial alcohol to support the hand sanitizer market also contributed to higher year-over-year profits.
 Looking ahead, we expect the fourth quarter for Carbohydrate Solutions to be close to Q3 of this year and substantially higher than the fourth quarter of 2019, driven by improved year-over-year fuel ethanol margins and higher industrial-grade sales. While Sweetener and Flower volumes will still be impacted by weaker food service demand, we expect the year-over-year percentage decline to be smaller than it was in Q3.
 On Slide 8, Nutrition delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of 20-plus percent year-over-year profit growth. Human nutrition results were substantially higher versus the prior year quarter, with strength across the entire pantry, including flavors, plant-based proteins and probiotics. Animal Nutrition was also higher year-over-year, driven by continued delivery of Neovia synergies, strengthened livestock and year-over-year improvement in amino acids, partially offset by softer aquaculture feed demand as well as negative foreign currency impacts. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect nutrition to deliver another quarter of 20-plus percent year-over-year OP growth with a typically seasonally weaker Q4 in Human Nutrition, offset by seasonally stronger Animal Nutrition.
 I'd now like to transition to Vince Macciocchi, President of our Nutrition business, for an update and overview of the business. Vince, congratulations to you and your team for not just a great quarter but for consistent delivery of strong growth. 
Vincent Macciocchi: Thank you, Ray. Slide 9, please. I'm proud of the team who have delivered in so many ways. When I reflect upon the growth we've made and the journey we are still taking, I keep coming back to our purpose, to unlock the power of nature, to enrich the quality of life. I think it's remarkable how these few words sum up not just what we do but why our work is so important.
 The global population is growing, and consumer behavior is shifting in ways we couldn't have predicted only 10 or 15 years ago. The scale of the change and the opportunity for ADM is enormous. Global sales of specialty ingredients across both human and animal nutrition are as much as $85 billion and growing at a rate of 5% to 7% per year. These specialty ingredients, which represent the majority of the nutrition portfolio aside from fee, go into the full array of consumer nutrition products for humans and animals, many of which are projected to grow significantly in the coming years.
 For example, the global market for functional beverages could be as large as $190 billion in 2024. The global dietary supplement market could be worth more than $77 billion in that same time frame. Global retail sales of alternative proteins are already a $25 billion market today, with a projected growth rate of 14% per year. Global retail sales of pet food are projected to grow at 4% per year, reaching $120 billion by 2024.
 These aren't just numbers. They're indicators of significant long-term trends in how people choose food, drink and other products, driven by a global population that cares deeply about health and sustainability. And based upon the portfolio, footprint, capabilities and talent we've built, no other company is positioned to meet these needs and lead in these industries like ADM.
 Please turn to Slide 10. It's been 6 years since we started on this journey. In that time, we built or expanded more than 16 facilities, from our pea protein complex in the U.S. through our network of premix plants in China. We've enhanced our science and technology capabilities, invested in market research and consumer insights and built new interactive ways to engage with customers from our more than 50 global customer innovation centers to daily virtual innovation and tasting sessions. We've made platform acquisitions, and we've added bolt-ons. All in all, we have invested just over $6 billion to build our global leadership position in nutrition.
 These investments are delivering results. Since 2014, we've increased our annual revenue by $3 billion. And by the end of this year, we'll have grown operating profits by more than $300 million over those 6 years, more than double.
 Slide 11, please. Our Human Nutrition business can offer customers ingredients, flavor systems or turnkey product development solutions, supporting them every step of the way to take their ideas from concept to prototype to market in record time. In Animal Nutrition, only 1.5 years after we completed our Neovia acquisition, we can look back on a successful integration in which we exceeded our synergy goals and built a global business that offers a full portfolio of on-trend items, from pet treats to enzymes to ingredients for aquaculture to meet evolving customer needs.
 In our Health and Wellness business, which is part of our Human Nutrition subsegment, our scientists are expanding the universe of pro-, pre- and postbiotics and other functional products to meet growing demand, from stand-alone supplements to ingredients that help enhance our array of human and animal solutions.
 Taken together, our extremely broad portfolio of ingredients and solutions can add value for customers across both human and animal nutrition. For instance, taste and color are just as important for animal nutrition customers today, as they are for food and beverage customers. Functional ingredients matter in both human and animal nutrition and so on across our entire pantry.
 Then we add the rest of ADM's capabilities. In plant-based protein, for example, we have the unique advantage of ADM's broad and integrated value chain, from sourcing and transporting the soybeans and peas to transforming them into high-protein ingredients at our own facilities, to adding the colors, flavors, oils and other key elements to create just the right taste, appearance, juiciness and sizzle for delicious finished plant-based products.
 Please turn to Slide 12. We're proud to have come this far in 6 short years, but our eye is on the future. We are confident in continuing our growth story. It starts with the global category trends I outlined earlier. It continues with our extensive and ongoing research into consumer behavior and needs.
 Earlier this week, we released our latest view of the top consumer trends of 2021 based upon research that includes our proprietary outside voice consumer insights program. Our findings show that the events of the past year are accelerating and deepening fundamental market shifts, including consumers taking a more proactive approach to nourishing body and mind, the microbiome as the gateway to wellness, continued growing demand for plant-based foods, sustainability as a key driver of purchasing decisions and transparency as a building block of consumer trust.
 The last piece of the equation is how our team brings it all together for our customers, combining unmatched customer support and service with our vast value chain to deliver ingredients, systems and solution that align perfectly with market trends and needs. These are the reasons we expect to continue to lead the industry outpacing the market and operating profit growth, and we remain confident in reaching $1 billion in OP in the medium-term future.
 With that, I'll turn it back to Juan. 
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vince. And congratulations to you and the entire ADM team for another outstanding quarter.
 Slide 13, please. Across the enterprise, we are continuing to advance our work to enrich the quality of life and meet key needs for consumers around the globe. At the time of heightened concerns around food security, ADM's vast global value chain is helping ensure that countries and families can continue to put nutritious, delicious foods on the table. As consumers focus more and more on proactive approaches to health, we're expanding the frontier in groundbreaking functional ingredients and supplements for people with conditions like migraine and atopic dermatitis, and we're paving the way to a new world of precision nutrition personalized for every individual. And as sustainability becomes a key driver of consumer decisions and business success, we're playing a leading role in the transition to a low-carbon economy for our industry.
 We are committed to our purpose, and our team is continuing to deliver for our customers, our shareholders and all could depend on us. And that is why we are confident in a strong finish to 2020 and a positive momentum continuing through 2021.
 With that, Amy, please open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Seaport Global. 
Eric Larson: Congratulations on a really good quarter. My first question is really for Vince. Vince, thank you for that review of your operation. And I'm going back to Slide 11 and going to your complete pantry of ingredients and solutions from nature. So we've seen some pretty massive consolidation in this industry now the last several years with IFF making some very large acquisitions at extraordinary multiples.
 Can you give us just a little flavor for, if you look at the various categories where you've got your pantry, what your shares are in those areas, roughly? I know it's highly fragmented. Where additional opportunity might be available for you -- outside of your normal organic growth, I mean would there be some opportunities to strengthen your portfolio across those various sectors? And where do you think your biggest strengths are? And maybe where you could use some strengthening in those areas? 
Vincent Macciocchi: Thank you, Eric. I think if you think about our business -- and maybe I'll start kind of where you finished in terms of some of our greatest strengths. I think our greater strengths are obviously the breadth and depth of the pantry coupled with our technical capabilities and providing solutions backed by science. I think you also marry that with the global consumer trends when you think about the focus on the microbiome, focus on plant-based foods, sustainability and good for you, and you think about clean label moving to clear label.
 Our portfolio is really well positioned when you think about our flavors business and the focus on natural and our continued growth in the mature market and as we expand our footprint into the emerging markets.
 Specialty ingredients, obviously, we have a dominant share as a key protein -- plant-based protein provider. And we're providing soy, pea and wheat from a plant-based protein perspective and really capitalizing on that global consumer trend.
 If you look at our Health and Wellness business, we have a fantastic portfolio, really focused on probiotics and postbiotics as well as fiber as well as vitamins as well as specialty oil, so a really complete portfolio across Health and Wellness.
 And then obviously in Animal Nutrition, we completed the acquisition of Neovia in 2019. Obviously, we've over-delivered against the synergy targets, but it's a global, robust business. It's really focused on, obviously, complete feed additives and ingredients, aquaculture, pet. So really moving that portfolio to realize synergies, grow organically and capitalize on our global footprint.
 So where is our opportunity? There's certainly opportunity to further expand in the flavors business into emerging markets. We're always looking at technology in our portfolio and geography, in the plant-based business and specialty ingredients. It's really making sure we're providing outside of the Americas and looking to enhance our footprint there.
 In Health and Wellness, it's really capitalizing on the microbiome and expanding our capability. Juan mentioned in his remarks that we're expanding our facility in Valencia, Spain. That will give us significant capacity increase to capitalize on our growing demand.
 And then on animal, I think our story is really one where we finish the integration, we grow organically, we margin up that portfolio, and we continue to combine all pieces of our portfolio and provide solutions backed by science. 
Eric Larson: Okay. Great. And my follow-up question is really kind of -- is for Juan, and this is more of a general question. Juan, I think most of the people on this call are aware of the nice recovery in the global ag markets, et cetera. I think the question that we all have, and we've seen various fits and starts and stops and stall from the last several years. Can you address how you look at the sustainability of the recovery in these -- basically in the ag markets globally, aside from just the current strength that we're seeing? Clearly, it's sustainable in the early part of next year. But beyond that, do you -- can you give us your perspective on sustainability for the next let's say, 1 or 2 years or even more? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Eric, thank you. I think -- listen, I think I'm very proud, first of all, of course, of the way the team has been executed. And I think we have a track record of consistent execution on that so that -- from that perspective. Second, I think the important thing to reflect upon is that we have built the business over these few years, aligned to secular trends on food security, on health and wellness and on sustainability. And we see those trends being with us for the duration that I can see going forward.
 So when we look at our planning horizon, we feel very good about that, about achieving our 10% ROIC, and we're achieving our goals in earnings and reduction on invested capital. When we look at the -- even the issues that we're seeing today with the pandemic, the pandemic has basically increased or emphasized some of the trends that we have been already developing over time with the consumers. And you see governments more concerned about food security now and the ability to keep supplying food for the world. And I think that we are a key element in that. And our footprint and our ability to connect the areas of surplus with areas of deficit in the world is valued and is recognized and I think that, that will continue going forward.
 I think that everything that we're doing in terms of positioning our portfolio for healthier trends. We see the reaction on that. We see the reaction in plant-based proteins. We see the reaction in probiotics, but we see the reaction also on the snacking in functional foods. And all that is very strong in the ADM portfolio. And we continue to see the pool from biomaterials, from materials based on plant that actually replaces other fossil fuel type of build materials that have more push. So we see it in the scale and the reach that we have for food security. We see it in the specialization that we see in nutrition, and we see it in the demand for sustainability.
 So as far as we can tell, again, we are finishing the year very strong with the Q4 that we are very excited about, and we are entering Q1 with a strong momentum. So we certainly see 2021 with a lot of optimism. I think conditions are there for us to have good times, and we don't see at this point in time what is the thing that will change that. Demand is strong. I think if anything, China has come rolling back from the pandemic. Their recovery has surprised everybody. At the same time that the economy recovers, they are recovering from ASF, which they are rebuilding their herds. At the time when, candidly, Brazil has sold -- because we were part of that, has sold all the pipeline of beans in which Argentina doesn't have an incentive to sell. And for the very first time in a long time, the world needs the U.S. supply for both soybeans and corn.
 So we are looking at it from several angles, to be honest, and we see it fine. We see also, even in the crush margins that is a crush supported by both legs now. Traditionally, it has been more on the mill side, but we have a very big oil story developing around the world and it has all these conditions. Whether it's biodiesel or renewable green diesel or just the recovery of food service, we have been pulling oil demand.
 So again, at this point in time, we see the future with a lot of optimism and a lot of confidence in our team's ability to execute on that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Kallo with Baird. 
Ben Kallo: So just you touched on ASF, but could you talk a little bit more about that and when we expect that to be a tailwind? Then my second question is just on the Wilmar and the liquidity from that. Where should we expect, I think, the investment to go and maybe a rank order there? And then third, we get -- we're hearing more and more all over the place about renewable diesel. Can you talk to us about your exposure to that trend as a tailwind? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Ben. So the first one, ASF. As we said, I think ASF, we've been following this story for several quarters. And I think that overall, it has developed as we predicted. So initially, with the big gap in protein in China that was supplemented by imports of proteins, and we saw that in the strength of crush margins. Now China has been able to control that. Now China is rebuilding their herd. Remember that herd was -- about half of the herd was decimated. So there is a big effort to rebuild that. As they rebuild the herd, they are going into more professional animal production. That has increased the rations. So -- that has increased soy meal, but that has increased corn. That's why you see so much pull from China from imported corn. At the same time, we have seen the poultry industry coming up in China to supplement a little bit the lack of pork protein that they have in China.
 So we've seen all that. We think that there's still probably a couple of years ahead of us for China to recover the herd plenty. And of course, you heard their statement about trying to go for self-sufficiency. So I think they're going to build that. So we're going to see continued strength in crush margins. And we feel that, that's driving demand.
 Again, as I said before, the professionalization of the animal husbandry has brought more soybean meal and corn into the ration, and we will continue to see better feeding and better nutrition in that sense. So again, nothing surprising maybe to what we expected.
 And remember that in the previous quarter, we talked about our positive view of crush margins over the second half of the year. And that's the way we predicted, that's the way we played, and that's the way it is working out. So -- and China is behind a lot of that.
 Your second question was on Wilmar and our allocation of capital. Listen, Wilmar, we are very proud of the Wilmar ownership and relationship that we have had for many years. It's a very strategic partner for us, which gave us last night, another gift with great results. The team continues to execute. And again, it's a little bit related to what I'm saying. China has come in rolling back from the pandemic and the recovery and Wilmar is a big part of that.
 We made a reallocation of capital decision. Again, we're going to hold to our 20% share there. We are very comfortable and committed to that for the long term. This was just a matter of we wanted to strengthen our balance sheet after the acquisitions, you heard Vince, between WILD Flavors and Neovia. We need to get back to that. I mean we are comfortable into that. And we want to get back to support Vince with the bolt-ons that he needs and some organic investments. We are increasing the capacity as we announced in Biopolis by fivefold, where things are growing there. And I'm sure Vince has a long list of bolt-ons that he wants to execute, another organic growth as we grow geographically some of the successes that we have in North America and Europe.
 So that basically is nothing behind that other than that. And we continue to support R&D. You talked about a lot -- you heard Vince talking a lot about science-based functional products and science-based nutrition. And that's important, and that takes money. So it's money that we gladly invest in that because we are seeing the returns on that. Not everybody has business in their segment that grow 5 consecutive quarters or more than 20% per quarter in terms of operating profit. So we are very proud with that.
 And your third question was about renewable green diesel? 
Ben Kallo: Yes. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. And listen, we participate that as a supplier of feedstock. You see the tightening that this has generated because, of course, there has been stable volumes and very healthy margins of biodiesel that we've been supplying. And also, we've seen the tightness that, that generated as food service has recovered in the oil part of the consumption.
 So I think that we follow that with interest. It's another leg that adds to the strength of crush margins. So in the short term, it's a very positive tailwind. We have to see how that industry evolves. There are many factors in this industry. There are many announcements that they are all positive. That will put some pressure in feedstocks, of course. And we're going to see how that announced, how many states or countries adopt these, how many of these investments are actually come through into real plans and then how many other feedstocks are allowed here to come.
 Today, the environment of feedstock is a little bit of a rarefied environment because we have less of restaurants creating cooked oil and then we have a little bit of less production of -- in the ethanol side. So -- but we have potential to bring canola into these that we are -- it's a good carbon index also.
 So there are a lot of dynamics. But I think short term, we are participating just as a supplier of soybean oil and that we are profiting from that in the crush margins that we are seeing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Theurer with Barclays Bank. 
Benjamin Theurer: Yes. Congrats on the results. I tried to get you back on schedule, ask only one question, and that one is for Vince. So when you nicely showed how you've basically increased the nutrition business since the bigger acquisition some 6 years ago, and if we look at it on a trailing basis, we're basically at about $550 million in operating profit, call it, somewhere halfway through of where you want to get. But we've clearly seen a significant acceleration in the last 2, 3 years.
 So how should we think about your path to the $1 billion going forward? Is this going to be a 6-year time to get there? Is it going to be accelerated just because of the flexibility? And as Juan just said, he's going to give you a little bit more capital and opportunities as you have a long list for bolt-on M&A. So how should we think about the growth performance M&A versus organic? And when do you think that medium-term target can be achieved? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Maybe if I start, and I'll let Vince complete that with some more granularity. But when we look at our strategic plan, and we plan in 5-year increments, so the last one we did in 2019, so 2019 to 2024, we see our $1 billion OP that Vince described being achieved in that planning cycle. So let's say, by 2024, if you want to say it that way.
 In order to get there from here, you can see the nutrition approximately needs to grow around 15% per year compounded to get to that number. So that number is excluded any major M&A. That number is in the current strategy, which is organic growth and bolt on. So about the ratio that you're seeing right now going.
 So maybe then I pass it to Vince to provide more granularity on where that growth comes from. 
Vincent Macciocchi: Thank you, Juan, and thank you, Ben. I think it's important if you just take a pause and see where we're at. If you look on a year-to-date basis through 3 quarters, we're at $448 million, whereas we did $419 million all of last year. So to Juan's point, it's a good growth story and a good growth trajectory from an organic basis. And what we've done is we've really taken the approach of let's grow organically. Let's expand our customer base. We've made significant investments in our key account management program and our approach to the customers and really expanding that base on a worldwide basis.
 As I mentioned in my remarks that we've invested over $6 billion in this business. So yes, we've done platform deals that we've integrated and then grown organically, and we've done a series of bolt-ons. But additionally, we've invested in our own facilities. We built a greenfield pea production facility in Enderlin. We built a soy protein complex in Campo Grande in Brazil. We've done acquisitions in the citrus space, the vanilla space, the food-based space, the bioactive space. And so obviously, we're harvesting those investments right now and continuing to take those businesses and grow those businesses and add them to our portfolio of capabilities. So I think that's what gives us some optimism. And we look at our win rate in the marketplace as well. And we look at our pipeline of opportunities.
 Again, when you take these capabilities and the size of the pantry which we depicted earlier, and you marry those with the technical capabilities we have on a worldwide basis from a science and technology perspective and a creation, design and development perspective, that translates to a very high win rate against customer opportunities that actually launched in the marketplace.
 Therefore, we have an organic growth road map as Juan identified within the time horizon of the strategic plan that will get us to that $1 billion aspiration. And again, we'll continue to search, as Juan indicated earlier, for smart bolt-ons and perhaps platform deals if and when they make sense. 
Juan Luciano: And then we're going to keep pushing Vince to get there faster. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow: Juan, the environment looks great. I totally agree. I'm trying to think of things that might derail that situation. One investor asked me about Argentina and the possibility of devaluation. And would that be a catalyst for farmers selling, crushers crushing and leading to a glut in the market that might cause crush margins to fall? Can you comment on that possibility? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Well, so I'm not going to be on record predicting a devaluation in Argentina, Rob, since I would like to go back one day, but let's put it this way. The world is tight today. There is a big demand, as I said, from China. And even if -- let's run your scenario in which Argentina devalue and there is an incentive for the farmer to sell. Then may be only like 5 million tons that they're going to throw into the market. To be honest, the market needs that, and the market will absorb that very quickly and move on.
 So I don't see that as a big source of derailment. I don't know what the source of derailment could be. But I don't worry that much about that. I think, again, the market is tight enough today. Brazil's crop is a couple of weeks late. So there is a La Nia effect that we still need to see what's going to do to yields. And although I think that Brazil, we have a big crop, I don't think we're going to have 140 million tons crop given the start and the conditions that there are.
 So I think that at this point in time, I worry more about where the beans and where the mill is going to come from later on than actually if Argentina will flood the market. We don't see that as an opportunity. If you hear -- I mean if you -- unfortunately, I don't have the opportunity to be back in Brazil or Argentina at this stage. But as I talked to Brazil, Brazil is an environment of -- in an environment of food inflation and imports right now, where they're bringing imports from Paraguay, from Uruguay for beans.
 So I think you see the need, and we see it with a customer base that is very uncovered, to be honest. So these are people that are buying hand to mouth for strong demand. And it's our role to supply that and to cover that. But as I said, we worry a little bit more about making sure that the flow from the farmers continue so we have the material to continue to execute and to feed the world. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. 
Pooran Sharma: This is Pooran filling in for Ben. I just wanted to ask you how you're thinking about your dry mills. Does it seem like it makes more sense to just keep them offline until post-COVID? What do you think is best for that business? And can you talk about any growth you have or could see in USP grade alcohol? 
Ray Young: Yes, it's Ray here. Well, first of all, we've done a very good job managing the stranded costs of our 2 temporarily idle dry mills. And I think also with some additional idlings that have occurred in the industry. I think the industry has done a very good job in terms of balancing supply and demand in the ethanol industry. And that's part of the reason why when you look at inventories right now, EIA count on stocks are below 20 million barrels. And that's contributed towards, frankly, a reasonable ethanol margin environment that we've seen. And that's contributed, frankly speaking towards good results that we've seen both in our Starches and Sweeteners segment, which has the wet mills, and then also for VCP, which has the industrial-grade alcohol of our Peoria facility.
 So we believe that as we kind of enter the winter season, which you know seasonally driving miles come down during the winter, and so therefore, from an ADM perspective, we believe we're probably going to keep these dry mills temporarily idled as we go through the low season of gasoline demand and hence ethanol demand. That's the responsible thing to do.
 Then -- but when we look forward into the new year, as I indicated in the last call, we're going to look at the data, right? And so we're going to look at the data with respect to how the U.S. economy is recovering. We're going to look at the data in terms of how driving miles are going to seasonally recover as well. We're going to look at the data in terms of the industry utilization rates for ethanol because some of these ethanol mills that we've seen idled, they're going to be permanently idled. Some of them -- a lot of them have indicated that they're going to remain permanently idled as opposed to temporarily idled. And then importantly, we're going to be looking on very -- the Tenth Circuit Court ruling on special refinery exemptions and whether the Supreme Court is going to hear the case or not.
 So there's a lot of variables that you're going to be looking at. In addition, you may have heard that China is also starting to look at potential imports of ethanol from United States into the country. I think there's been 1 boat that has gone to China. But they are making a lot of inquiries about U.S. ethanol. And so all of these variables are going to be very important factors in terms of our assessment in terms of when we actually restart these dry mills. Based upon any or all these variables becoming favorable, we could see that with the -- let's say, the spring season when normally the industry starts building up inventories of ethanol for the summer driving season, we could see that as we get into spring, that we may restart the dry mills again.
 But again, this will be a data-driven decision. We recognize the importance that we play in order to make sure we have good supply/demand balances in our industry. But again, looking at the variables, as we see it right now, we could -- we clearly see the path towards some sort of restart in the first half of next year. 
Pooran Sharma: Got it. And then also, could you just maybe provide a little bit more color on the prospects for USP grade alcohol? 
Ray Young: It's been a good news story, right? I mean we started the year with 1 plant, our Peoria plant, 85 million gallons a year. Demand shot through the roof for industrial-grade alcohol. And so we actually combination ran the plant hard plus we've expanded the capacity of that plant. So we'll be up to 100 million gallons very shortly. And then secondly, we also made some investments into another facility, Clinton, and we're going to actually expand production of industrial-grade alcohol in that facility as well. So by the end of this year, our run rate in terms of industrial ethanol production would have increased by over 50%.
 In addition, the quality of the ethanol that we produce is very, very high. I mean you've probably read many stories about hand sanitizers in whereby the quality of the alcohol within the hand sanitizers is poor. And frankly, a lot of them have been pulled out of the market. The customers are looking for a high-quality industrial alcohol. And that's what ADM is able to deliver. That's the reason why we've expanded capacity in order to meet the demands of these customers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. 
Kenneth Zaslow: As you see the oil seed markets developing, is there any thoughts that there may be some additional capacity being built anywhere that would be alarming? Or any thought that you would think that would come about? And what are your plans? Is it more of a debottlenecking procedures? Or would you think that there would be some thought that you might find some capacity expansion opportunities? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ken. At this point in time, again, it's a very positive environment from a margin and demand perspective. So I think that we're all looking through readiness and everything, how to expand capacity with as little capital as possible, of course, to debottleneck every facility. We are very prudent in thinking about new staff that cannot be integrated. I think we're very proud of the integration of our facilities that help a lot the integration with grain, the integration with refineries.
 So at this point in time, going to the earlier part of your question, we don't see any major announcement that worries us. I think that in reality, the industry needs some of that extra capacity that we heard about it. And I think that we continue to have our plan. As I said, we put together our 5-year plan from '19 to '24. That includes some expansions to maintain our position there. But this is a very disciplined market in which we follow demand and we follow what our customers and the final consumers are doing. So we are looking at that, and we have flexibility.
 I don't think this is an industry that goes like other industries that maybe build a lot of capacity, and then it takes many years for them to build, to grow into that capacity. This is an industry that tend to grow in manageable chunks. And I think that we've been a player into that, and we know how to do it. So I don't worry that much about that, not at this point in time, Ken. 
Kenneth Zaslow: I know the question was asked, but I'm going to ask you a little differently because not that I didn't like the answer, I'm just trying to figure out a little bit more quantification. How can you frame the opportunity that's associated with renewable diesel to your margin structure or to your earnings potential? How incremental is this? Is this a noticeable difference? Is this a -- hey, it's kind of like a cherry on an ice cream Sunday? Or is it kind of the ice cream? How do you think about it? 
Juan Luciano: So I think -- listen, I think the numbers if -- let's say that even if you take 70% of the announced capacity happened to be through, it's a significant number. It's not -- so we're going to be a player there. Of course, we're going to be a player in -- for a while there. We have very good facilities in biodiesel that are integrated with our refineries, with our crushing plants. So in that sense, they are more secure than others in the fight for soybean oil, if you will.
 But I think as we said it -- as I said it at the onset, I think that we need to see how this develop because this is the fight for decarbonization of the economy, if you will. And there are many things coming into play for the long-term perspective, whether it's electric vehicles and other solutions. Remember, we were not discussing renewable green diesel a year ago. And there may be another solution coming back, another thing coming back later. So I think that we are all being prudent, not because we see any long-term bad, but also because we realize there are many people and many technologies looking at how to decarbonize the economy and transportation and all that.
 So I think it's a positive. I think we're going to participate in that. I think that if everything that is announced or, as I said, 70% comes, I think it's going to be significant and meaningful. But I think at least for the next few years down the road, this is going to bring tightness to the oil market, which is going to increase associate margins, and we have seen that happening and will increase -- and will keep crush margins robust as they are today.
 So -- but reading much further than that, forecasting in this energy area is prone to mislead people because technology is coming very rapidly into the area. And technology tends to have this breakthrough impact, if you will, as renewable green diesel is having it right now, but we need to see the duration of all that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. 
Steven Haynes: This is actually Steve Haynes on for Vincent. The operating environment clearly firmed up nicely for you guys. I wanted to just come back to kind of some of the self-help things you have going on. And if you got kind of $500 million to $600 million of controllable benefit this year, do you have any kind of target as we look into 2021, so what a like-for-like number could look like? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say we probably will provide more granularity on -- we are going through our own planning season. So we're going to provide more granularity at the Q4 call on 2021 targets. But I think that if you've been following us, you see that there is a certain cadence to what we bring to the table. And these programs are not a one-off, when we are engaging things like readiness, which is a key component of that or harvesting or improve. We're working on our portfolio. Hopefully, we're going to have less improved going forward and more harvesting.
 But -- so the mix of that is going to change somehow. Some things don't repeat themselves. For example, thankfully, like the storms that we have in 2019 didn't reproduce in the same damage in 2020. So some of those things may come up and down. But there are some solid trends. You can see in readiness, those programs are very robust. So we're going to build the algorithm on the things that we can control. And we're probably going to come again with more granularity in the next earnings call.
 But as I said, I think you -- I think investors have gotten used to our cadence on that. And we tend to have a very robust portfolio of things that we can control. And so it's not going to be a shocking array of possibilities. You're going to see possibilities around harvesting, around some improvements and around readiness. And the numbers may fluctuate here and there, but that's the gist of it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: So maybe the first question is just coming back to the balance sheet and capital deployment. And Ray, I think you were -- we have the Wilmar proceeds. You did the kind of debt, kind of optimization actions or -- last quarter. Can you help us think about kind of the -- your very heavy moving into that commentary on balance sheet optionality. Can you talk about kind of what you think the dry powder is from an M&A perspective right now and how that pipeline would look? And what we should be thinking about if there's any immaterial M&A that would kind of just help us frame kind of how -- what -- how big are we thinking about? 
Ray Young: Yes. Just to again remind people, when we did the Wilmar equity block transaction, secondary offering, we were creating effectively balance sheet flexibility by improving the capital base of our company. So it was not a liquidity move. We had ample liquidity. It's basically helping to further deleverage the balance sheet. And so -- I mean, as we indicated, our intent -- after funding the Neovia acquisition earlier this year, our intent was to basically get our balance sheet back into the low 2s, when you think about metrics, get down to the low 2s by the end of the year. And so these actions are designed to help us get to the low 2s. And I feel good that with the actions that we've done, we're going to get there towards the low 2s.
 And so that creates balance sheet flexibility on our part. And as we indicated, that gives us the flexibility to pursue bolt-on acquisitions. And as you know, Vince always has a list of opportunities that he's looking at. And our responsibility is to make sure that we have the balance sheet in order to kind of support it when these opportunities materialize. And then also share repurchases, I mean, to the extent that the equity markets make a correction in the future, due to whatever reasons, macroeconomic issues. And we have the balance sheet also to pursue opportunistic share repurchases when we think that there is a significant value gap relative to our intrinsic value.
 So we're doing this. We've done that. We pursued some debt repurchases as well, debt tenders. And just to remind you, earlier this year, we issued some long bonds when the credit markets were extremely volatile. I mean, at that juncture, we did not know what was going to happen in the short-term credit markets. We didn't know how the central banks were going to behave. Well, what's turned out is that central banks have come in to support the markets. And so with the balance sheet that we had, the liquidity position that we had, we decided to opportunistically go on tender bonds and actually execute some that make-whole on some of the bonds outstanding. And so we actually -- we purchased about $1.2 billion worth of debt in the quarter with positive NPV transactions. And so with the credit profile that we have, our debt cost that we had, this was a tremendous transaction from an NPV perspective, delivering good value for our shareholders here, right?
 So I think we've got the balance sheet into the shape that we would like. We got $10 billion in liquidity. So we can weather any type of additional global slowdown that maybe a second wave of COVID-19 could bring to this company. We have no issues in terms of being able to weather any of the risks associated with the second wave and the impacts there. And we have the dry powder right now for Vince to go pursue the bolt-ons that we've talked about in the past. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Tom Simonitsch with JPMorgan. 
Thomas Simonitsch: So maybe one last question on the $1 billion nutrition operating profit, and apologies if I missed this, but what range of revenues do you need to meet that target? And in the near term, when do you expect the top line in nutrition to return to growth? 
Vincent Macciocchi: Thanks, Tom. Well, the top line in nutrition is growing. When you look across the broader nutrition business on a year-to-date basis, where we've grown at approximately 6% FX adjusted. So we have a very aggressive growth plan from a revenue perspective. And obviously, there are some puts and takes. There's been some headwinds related to COVID affecting some of our sectors as well as some FX issues. But at the same token, we've realized significant revenue growth in certain areas of our portfolio. When you look at the Flavors business, primarily in North America and Asia Pacific, we look at our Specialty Ingredients business, primarily in North America, South America, in the growth of plant-based meat alternatives. We look in Health & Wellness. Obviously, very important growth across that space, really in terms of the bioactives, our specialty oils, our fiber portfolio. So with our fixation on customers, we're growing top line revenues. It's one of the key tenets of our organic growth opportunities in our plan. And then look at animal nutrition. So obviously, there's some things that have affected aquaculture and some other FX things there related to the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso. But at the same token on a year-to-date basis, we're up 7.5% FX adjusted. So we do have a very aggressive plan to drive the revenue. We're focused on revenue.
 I mentioned pipeline earlier. That's a key barometer to how we measure our opportunity for future success and to drive revenue growth. So it's a heavy emphasis. And obviously, at the same time, while we're growing revenue and we're growing our businesses across the portfolio, if you look at our margin performance, it's increased as well. So we're focused on price, we're focused on profitability, and we're focusing on margining up all of our businesses across the portfolio. 
Thomas Simonitsch: And do you have a revenue level in mind getting to that $1 billion operating profit? 
Vincent Macciocchi: Yes. I think there's a couple of things. I mean when I spoke at the outset, when you talk about growth in the overall market of 5% to 7% per year, we certainly need to be in that range or outpacing that range. And obviously, we continue to marry with our operating profit performance. As Juan outlined, we're approximately -- to continue on our current trajectory, 15% per year gets us to that within the time horizon of this plan. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Victoria de la Huerga for closing remarks. 
Victoria Huerga: Thank you for joining us today. Slide 14 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions.
 Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. On behalf of ADM, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the ADM Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for ADM. Ms. de la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Amy. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and important actions we're taking to meet our strategic goal. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results, as well as the drivers of our performance and our outlook. Then Juan will make some final comments after which they will take your question. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Victoria. Last night, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.85 cents, up from $0.60 in the prior year quarter. Adjusted segment operating profit was $804 million and our trailing four-quarter adjusted ROIC was 8.1%. I continue to be proud of how our team is performing under challenging and dynamic circumstances. We are fulfilling our purpose by providing high quality nutrition around the globe, and we are doing it while remaining true to our values, protecting the health and safety of our colleagues, fostering a positive, inclusive culture, both within and outside of ADM and safeguarding our environment. Around the globe, ADM colleagues have continued serving our customers and supporting the global food supply chain with no notable disruptions to our operations. Our results are a testament to their dedication, as well as the resilience of our business model and the transformation we have made in our company. Through good times and challenging times, we have kept a strong and steady focus on our strategy. We are not done, but we can be proud of where we are today. Let me share with you some of our accomplishments from the quarter. In our optimize pillar, our Ag Services & Oilseeds team continued their work to enhance the return structure of the business, identifying and executing on almost $50 million in capital reduction initiatives, including the ongoing optimization of our global origination footprint and the decision to exit two Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts businesses. We took further steps to optimize our North American milling operations with announced closure and sale of our Los Angeles flour mill and the sale of office space in Kansas City. And finally, as we previously announced, we made the difficult but important decision to temporarily idle our VCP dry mills in Cedar Rapids and Columbus, which have helped to right size industry ethanol stocks. In our drive pillar, we continued to advance our 1ADM business transformation with the launch of several new technologies, including applications to more efficiently manage spend and cash flow for our non-commodity purchases and contract labor services. We'll be continuing to deploy new 1ADM technologies in the second half of this year. And we expanded our ambitious efforts to make our operations more efficient and environmentally friendly, adding to our previously announced greenhouse gas and energy reduction goals with new commitments to reduce water intensity by a further 10% and achieve a 90% landfill diversion rate by 2035. In our expand pillar, our global destination marketing model continues to grow in export volumes and new markets as ADM extended its product offerings in Asia, Latin America and Europe. We announced that we're introducing high quality USP grade ethanol production in Clinton to complement production at our Peoria facility as we continue to meet customer demand for hand sanitizer. And we announced another expansion of our leadership position in the fast growing plant-based protein market with the creation of PlantPlus Foods, a joint venture with Marfrig that will offer a variety of plant-based food products for customers and consumers across North and South America. Readiness continues to deliver excellence in execution, and its value has never been more clear than over the past few months. Readiness initiative like consolidation of businesses, centralization of activities, and simplification and improvements of processes have significantly enhanced our resilience and agility, helping us continue to serve customers and keep our operations running through fast-changing environments. We are never done improving, and our team has continued to identify and deliver on readiness initiatives. At the end of the second quarter, readiness has allowed us to unlock a total of just over $1 billion in run rate benefits on annual basis since the program began. And based on our strong progress, we're on track to exceed our $1.2 billion goal by the end of 2020. Now, Ray will take us through our business performance before I come back to offer some final comments  before we answer questions. Ray, please.
Ray Young: Thanks, Juan. Please turn to slide number 4. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.85, up from the $0.60 in the prior-year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $804 million, up 18%. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 8.1%, 235 basis points higher than our 2020 annual WACC of 5.75%. And our trailing four-quarter adjusted EBITDA was about $3.6 billion. The effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2020 was approximately 14%, very similar to 13% in the prior year and in line with guidance we provided last quarter. For the third and fourth quarters, we continue to expect an effective tax rate in the range of 13% to 15%. We generated $1.6 billion of cash from operations before working capital for the first half of the year, higher than 2019. Return of capital in the first half was $517 million, including a little over $100 million in opportunistic share repurchases in the first quarter to help offset dilution. We finished the quarter with net debt to total capital of about 29%. This is down from 31% a year ago. We had cash and available credit capacity at the end of the quarter of almost $11 billion, a very solid amount of liquidity. Capital spending for the first six months was about $360 million. We continue to expect capital spending for the year to be around $800 million, below our depreciation and amortization rate of about $1 billion. Slide 5 please. Other businesses were also higher versus the second quarter of 2019, driven by improvements in underwriting results from our captive insurance operations. In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $194 million were higher year-over-year due to a larger delta in variable performance-related compensation expense accruals and transfer of costs from business segments into corporate as we centralize certain activities into our centers of excellences. Other charges declined due to improved foreign currency hedging results on intercompany funding and improved investment performance. Corporate results also included debt extinguishment expenses of $14 million related to an early retirement of a bond. Net interest expense for the quarter decreased due to lower average foreign costs related primarily to liability management actions taken in late 2019. Looking forward, we expect unallocated corporate expenses to be in line with our initial $800 million guidance for the calendar year and net interest expense to end similar to or slightly lower than the 2019 amount of about $350 million. Other business results in the second half of the year are expected to be significantly lower than the first half and likely negative based on expected insurance claims settlements and lower interest income in ADM investor services. Please turn to slide 6. Ag Services & Oilseeds delivered higher results versus the second quarter of 2019. Ag Services results were substantially better year-over-year. Strong execution by the team in South America helped deliver record quarterly origination and export volumes in a significantly improved margin environment, driven by a weaker Brazilian real and strong farmer selling. Global trade delivered best second quarter ever, continuing to demonstrate the importance of our strategic efforts to create value throughout the global supply chain. Destination marketing was a significant contributor as countries look to secure stable supplies of food amid the pandemic. Lower inferior grain margins impacted results in North America. Crushing results were lower year-over-year. The team delivered strong global crush volumes overall, and did a great job capitalizing on solid South American meal demand and weaker Brazilian real, along with a lack of Argentinian imports into EMEAI. In North America, margins were impacted by the pandemic's effects on our customers. Net timing impacts to the quarter were not significant as board crush gains were offset by basis losses and our cash flow hedge program deferred additional positive timing impacts. Refined products and other results were higher year-over-year, driven by improved biodiesel volumes and margins in North and South America, as well as strong volumes in margins in refined and packaged oils in South America. Demand was lower for biodiesel in EMEAI and for edible oils  for food service in both EMEAI and North America. Wilmar results were lower year-over-year. Wilmar's core earnings were strong, but reported earnings were impacted by mark-to-market losses on their investment portfolio in their first quarter. Fundamental global demand trends continue to emphasize the underlying strength and resilience of this industry and our business model. Looking ahead, we expect the pace of Brazilian farmer selling to slow significantly following the aggressive selling in the first half of the year. North American origination should strengthen throughout the second half as we move into the US harvest, and export demand is supported by China's import needs. Global crush margins are likely to remain pressured in the near term, but we expect tight soybean supplies in South America to lead to an improving margin environment as we move through the second half of the year. RPO should continue with solid performance. All told, we currently believe the third quarter will be sequentially lower than the second quarter of this year, followed by a much stronger fourth quarter. Slide 7 please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were similar to the year-ago quarter. Starches and sweetener results were lower year-over-year. COVID-19 related impacts on foodservice demand in North America pressured sweetener volumes. Mark-to-market losses on corn oil contracts indexed to soybean oil also impacted results, similar to what we saw in the first quarter. These impacts were partially offset by lower net raw material costs and positive risk management results. We also continue to benefit from the improvements we made in our Decatur corn complex and the continued turnaround in EMEAI. Wheat milling had another strong quarter as increased levels of home baking in store sales helped drive solid retail demand and footprint optimization initiatives, which reduced costs, continued to drive results. Vantage corn processor results were higher than the second quarter of 2019, driven by favorable risk management results on inventory positions and strong demand for high quality USP grade ethanol used for the hand sanitizer market. While average industry ethanol margins were down versus the prior year, prices and margins improved throughout the quarter as lower production including the two dry mills that we idled and some recovery in driving miles led to falling industry ethanol stocks. Looking ahead, we expect the third quarter results for Carbohydrate Solutions to be similar to the second quarter assuming sweetener demand continues to recover, demand in wheat milling remains solid and average industry ethanol margins over the quarter remain in positive territory. On slide 8, our Nutrition business continued to deliver significant growth, with 35% year-over-year profit improvement for the quarter. Over the first half of the year, adjusted profit for Nutrition is up more than 50%. And despite some COVID-19 impacts, revenue is up about 8% on a constant currency basis, with growth spread across the entire broad portfolio. Human nutrition results were substantially higher in the second quarter of 2020 versus the second quarter of 2019. Flavors continued to deliver solid results as favorable sales mix and margin expansion in North America was offset by some softness in EMEAI. In specialty ingredients, our team's strong execution and operational excellence, including at our soy protein facility in Campo Grande and our pea protein plant in Enderlin enable us to continue to meet rising consumer demand for plant-based proteins and edible beans, driving substantial year-over-year growth. Health and wellness delivered higher performance on strong sales for probiotics, improved volumes and margins in fiber, and additional fermentation income. Animal nutrition results were again higher year-over-year. Despite impacts from COVID-19 on demand in some regions, continued execution on Neovia synergies, robust demand for pet food and treats, and improvement in amino acids drove our ongoing profit growth. The investments we've made in Nutrition and our unique value proposition have positioned us well to support our customers as they continue to innovate and adapt in the current environment. We are winning new business and our pipeline today is strong and growing. We've also equipped our teams with new digital tools and technologies to continue product development work in a virtual environment, ensuring that products advance even in the current dynamic climate. Looking ahead, Nutrition should be around 20% higher in the back half of the year, compared to the second half of 2019, with similar rates of growth in profits in third and fourth quarters. We expect strength in flavors, plant-based proteins, and probiotics continue to drive human nutrition and Neovia synergies and improvements in amino acids to support animal nutrition results. Now, please turn to slide 9. And I'll turn it over back to Juan. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. From our work to optimize our footprint and improve our capital position to our new technologies and improved processes to our growth efforts to become a world leader in nutrition and expand margin opportunities across the value chain, the team has done excellent work executing the strategy. And as we continue on this journey, we are increasingly seeing growing benefits flow to our bottom line. That does not mean that we are immune to external conditions. This has been an unpredictable year and we're only at the halfway point. Our team has done a great job moving quickly and adapting to the challenges of COVID-19, and we are continuing to monitor and analyze purchasing and consuming habits to ensure we can continue to anticipate and meet our customers' needs. We're seeing consumers still largely relying on retail and e-commerce to feed their families and demand is spanning a wide spectrum from comfort foods to healthy choices. In-home eating and baking has dramatically increased the demand for both flour and baked goods. Healthy eating has significantly accelerated the purchase and consumption of alternative proteins. And a focus on nourishment and wellness is pushing microbiome solutions to the mainstream. We're meeting this wide variety of customer needs and will continue to do so as many of these trends advance in the future. For the second half of this year, we'll remain focused on optimizing business performance, advancing readiness and harvesting the benefits of strategic growth initiative investments, especially in our Nutrition segment. We are continuing to pull the levers under our control across the enterprise, with our team currently exceeding our mid-year targets by achieving more than two thirds of our $500 million to $600 million in targeted operating profit improvements for 2020. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our positioning, our capabilities and our strategy and we are excited about the second half of the year and delivering strong earnings and returns in 2020 and beyond. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: So, I guess, first, just thinking about how you kind of frame some of the second half outlook for the different businesses, is it fair to say that the biggest wildcard are pace of US exports and what that does both on the origination and crush side and just underlying kind of food ingredient demand? I'm trying to think about kind of the range of outcomes as we think about for business momentum into the second half of the year.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Adam. Listen, as we think about the second half of the year, we expect in general businesses to perform better than in the first half. So, that's overall results. When we think about the different businesses, with the aggressive selling in the first half of the year of the Brazilian farmer, we think that the US having a big crop like we're going to have going into harvest will be the most competitive source and China still needs to import a lot in the fourth quarter. So, we feel good about that. We feel good also about destination marketing. Don't forget that. From an Ag Services perspective results, basically, the results of the global trade were equally contributing as the results of origination in South America for the results this quarter. And although South America will shift to North America in terms of grain results, we see destination marketing and the global trade effort to continue to contribute in the second half. We see probably  so far, if we look at all the way to July, we see that the worst of the demand destruction due to COVID was behind us. We saw that in April and then we saw improvement in May, June, July. It will probably be uneven and would start and stop for the rest of the year, but we think that the worst is behind us. So, I would say that that's how we characterize. And then, Nutrition continues to grow strong. There are many opportunities for Nutrition and we had a very strong beginning of the year. The second half of the year is seasonally a little bit softer for Nutrition. But that's the way the demand pattern goes every year. But we feel very strongly about the second half of the year at this point.
Adam Samuelson: All right. That's very helpful color. And then, if I can just ask a second question on capital allocation, just help us think about, with kind of the balance sheet where it is and what seems to be a pretty strong position, what it would take or what you would want to see before you took a more offensive posture on whether it's capital returned to shareholders or maybe there's opportunities in the M&A market that might be emerging?
Juan Luciano: Sure, yes. Listen, as we have said it all along and at the beginning of the year, our priority remains to deliver our balance sheet to the low 2s and protecting our single-A rating is very important to us. And we have aggressive plans in the businesses to  you heard me in the accomplishments of the second quarter  to monetize assets. And to the extent that we continue with that and monetize assets, we will think about increasing our share repurchases. But I think the priority is delevering. But we've been doing very well in this divestiture and we continue to look for our large company and what are the things that we can monetize, so we can apply to that. With regards to M&A, we have a very disciplined process of doing bolt-ons and organic growth. And you see how we pace ourselves. We did WILD in 2014 and we did Neovia in early 2019. And I think that that allows us to recover the ROIC impact. If you think about ROIC at the end of 2018, it was 8.3%. We acquired Neovia and now we're back to that range, 8.1%. So, I think that that allows us to go and buy what we need to buy, continue to grow Nutrition jointly with all the harvesting that we do in Nutrition with the organic growth with Campo Grande and Enderlin and all that. So, I think we have that model and we like it and I think you're going to see that we continue to deliver what we said we were going to do, and it's a very predictable pattern in that trend.
Adam Samuelson: All right, great. I really appreciate the color. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Heather, your line is open.
Heather Jones: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Heather.
Heather Jones: Hi. So, just the details question first. Could you explain to us the results from Vantage Corn was very impressive. Was there a lower cost of market and inventory adjustment or something? Could you help us understand what drove that performance besides the industrial alcohol sales?
Ray Young: Yes, Heather. It's Ray here. Yeah, for Vantage Corn Processor, remember, for VCP, not only are they producing the ethanol from the dry mills, but they're also the distributor of the ethanol that comes out of the wet mills. So, over the course of the quarter, we actually  as we indicate, we had a very, very good risk management on our inventory positions. Now, we knew coming into the quarter that the fact that we're going to cut back on ethanol production, shut down or idle the two dry mills, we had a pretty good sense of margins should improve throughout the quarter. So, the inventories that VCP had, as we went through the quarter, which includes the wet mill ethanol, we basically more or less left that unhedged, whereas we actually did hedge the corn position at a very, very low cost. And so, we benefit from stable risk management in terms of both the input side, meaning the raw corn, and the output side, which is the ethanol within the distribution system. And so, therefore, we had very, very good risk management results based on our inventory decision. So, that was an important driver. But don't underestimate the industrial ethanol business. We actually increased the capacity of our Peoria plant. It was like 85 million gallons entering the year and we were able to debottleneck many aspects of the plant and actually get that thing closer to 100 million gallons on an annual run rate basis. And we ran the plant full well over the quarter. And as you would appreciate, industrial ethanol margins improved also throughout the quarter. So, VCP also benefited from a very stable environment in terms of the aspects of the industrial ethanol business. And then lastly, again, as we indicated, we idled the plant. We did a pretty good job in terms of reducing the amount of stranded costs associated with those dry mills. And that also contributed towards our overall results. So, overall, it was actually, from our perspective, a good quarter for VCP in terms of how we manage the situation.
Heather Jones: Yeah, sounds like it. Thank you. My second question is, I was hoping you could elaborate on your outlook for crush margins. So, in the US, you're clearly pretty soft right now and you noted that, over the near term, they'd be soft, but then you articulated a more constructive outlook further out. I was wondering if you could flesh out for us what you're seeing on the demand and supply side that gives you confidence that we should improve as we move into Q4 and 2021.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Thank you, Heather. As you said, they are soft at the moment in North America, but improving. And we're going to see that improvement over the end of  through the quarter. Basically, we're going to have  we started to see a little bit better farmer selling. And I think as we get to the harvest, we're going to have less pressure on that side. And we're seeing from the demand side that the customers  our customers for soybean meal are coming back. And then, we're seeing also a little bit more pressure on the oil side. So, the oil story is getting a little bit better. So, in general, from crush margins, we saw good crush margins in Europe with the absence of Argentinian meals  of more aggressive Argentine meal. We saw good crush margins in China. And now, we're seeing improving crush margins in the US for the rest of the year. So, so we feel very good about that business. And we can debate numbers here or there about growth rates, but in general, we see growth going forward. And that's what we're hearing from our customers.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you so much.
Juan Luciano: You're welcome, Heather.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Ken, your line is now open.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow: Can you talk about the elevation margins and what you're seeing there? And how meaningful will that be for ADM and how are you executing on that?
Juan Luciano: Sure. Yes. So, the US export market is setting up for very good times on very solid global demand and competitive prices. And, of course, with a tight supply demand, as I referred before, in South America. So, we do expect large programs for corn, soybeans, as well as wheat and soybean meal for Q4. So, I would say short term in Q2, Q3, it's about $0.10, $0.15. And forward, we're seeing numbers more in the $0.30 range or even slightly better. So, again, we have big volume expectations. And we're looking, Ken, at the full value chain. So, elevation margins and also transportation margin. So, we're seeing the whole thing. So, we care about the full range of margins. So, we feel we feel stronger margins are coming ahead of us for the Q4. And, to be honest, every evidence out there is pointing to that direction as we go around the world and we talk to our teams. So, we feel confident about that.
Kenneth Zaslow: And then, just switching to Nutrition for a second, so two parts to this. One is, obviously, your growth rate has been very strong. How long into the future will that last? Is this a good run rate for a little bit of years? And then, you also mentioned that you're winning new business. Can you quantify or give parameters to how much that is? Is it just typical winning a little business here and there? Or are we talking about larger than a breadbox, but not quite game changing? How do I think about those two things? And I'll leave it there. And I appreciate it.
Juan Luciano: Sure, Ken. Listen, the thing you need to remember is that Nutrition is still in early stages. So, we were building this business and we've been doing it for four or five years versus other businesses that we've been running for 100 years. So, even as good the resources we're getting, we're not even close to fulfill our potential. And we continue to see that in the pipeline. The pipeline continues to be very strong. And again, we measure the value of the pipeline to see the impact of 2021 sales, 2022 sales. And as I said, that continues to grow. But we also look at the win rates to see how we're doing today. And the win rates continue to increase. I can't disclose exactly the win rates because that's confidential information and it's very valuable to us. I think the important thing of Nutrition that sometimes is underestimated is the breadth of our product offer. And when we're talking here, we're talking, Ken, about  we're bringing fibers to a lot of products, whether our beverages or yogurts or cereals. We are bringing probiotics to a lot of products. We have specialty proteins. So, I think  of course, we have flavors going into a myriad of applications. So, I think the versatility that this product gives us  again, even if you go to specialty proteins, we have soy based, we have pea-based. And when you combine all these things into systems, it gives us incredible possibilities and customers are reacting very well to that value proposition. I have to give credit to the team in this difficult circumstance that you could have thought that maybe innovation could have been impacted because of the remoteness of our operations. And our team pivoted very quickly into establishing virtual tasting rooms, virtual innovation and prototyping sessions. And that has been very successful and has been able to keep the growth rate of our pipeline. So, I don't know how long can we predict the 20% rate. But at this point in time, we continue to see it into the immediate future. So, we don't see any slowdown of that. And as I was explaining to Adam before, we're going to continue to do our bolt-ons M&A, and we've been getting better at this. We integrated and we absorbed Neovia and the results and the operations much faster than we did obviously with WILD because this is the second time and we have perfected the system. And I think we're going to be able to keep this pace a little bit more accelerated into the future. So, the possibilities of this business are enormous, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow: I really appreciate it. Thank you and be safe.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Vincent, your line is now open.
Steven Haynes: Hey. This is Steve Haynes on for Vincent. Just wanted to come back to the Carb Solutions. The second quarter result was quite a bit better than what you had guided and I appreciate the commentary around risk management. But you also mentioned a number of other buckets. So, can you kind of just bucket out the rest of the beat, so we can get an idea for kind of what drove that delta?
Ray Young: You're referring to Carb Solutions in general for the quarter?
Steven Haynes: Yeah.
Ray Young: Yeah. You look at starches and sweeteners, the other big sub segment here. We had good results. Naturally, for this segment, as Juan talked about earlier, the trough in terms of demand for sweeteners probably was the second quarter. It was probably in April/May timeframe. And so, therefore, we did experience reductions in volumes on the basis of corn sweeteners during that period. But what was interesting is when you look at starch and sweeteners, there were clearly strengths there as well. Number one, for example, wheat milling. Demand for flour continued to be strong in the second quarter. In fact, when we look at our global wheat milling results, our profits in the second quarter were up 50% versus the prior year. So, that was a big contributor towards the starch and sweetener results. Secondly, I did outline in my remarks that we did have mark-to-market losses on our corn oil contracts, just like we had in the first quarter. The fact I didn't highlight a number indicates that the number was actually much smaller than what we had in the first quarter. But we were also able to offset that impact with good risk management from the wet mills there as well. On a net basis, that was really a neutral impact. And then thirdly, it is important to also highlight in starches and sweeteners, the turnaround efforts, the improve efforts that we launched last year in the Decatur corn complex in the European business. They're truly paying off this year and also in the second quarter. So, they're all positive deltas that help neutralize some of the negative effects that we saw in terms of starches and sweetener volumes in the second quarter. And then, I already talked about VCP, which, again, stable risk management on inventory position. So, overall, I would have to say that, yes, it was actually a very strong quarter for starches and sweeteners in the second quarter compared to even what our initial expectations were as we entered into the quarter. But I have to give the team a lot of credit in terms of the efforts that they executed in order to help deliver the results here.
Steven Haynes: Okay. Thanks, Ray.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Simonitsch of J.P. Morgan. Tom, your line is open.
Thomas Simonitsch: Thanks. Good morning.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Tom.
Thomas Simonitsch: So, you noted in your press release some COVID-19 impacts on your animal nutrition business. Can you elaborate on that please?
Juan Luciano: Sure, yes. I think when you see these consumer shifts, of course, Aqua is consumed a lot in the Western Hemisphere in dining out, and so we see a little bit of impact on that  negative impact, I mean. Of course, when some of the large animals feed, we saw a little bit of softness there in North America and Mexico when some of the meatpacking plants have to slow down. But we see positive benefits in pet food and pet treats. Very positive as well. And I think that, in general, there have been countries where we are strong, that their demand has continued strong, like Brazil has continued, Vietnam has continued. And then, we also saw lysine prices and lysine performance actually came back in the quarter. So, those are kind of the puts and takes of COVID impacting us in animal nutrition.
Thomas Simonitsch: Okay, thanks. And you noted immaterial market impacts in Q2, which was a bit of a surprise to me at least, particularly on soy crush. So, can you elaborate on your hedging strategy and clarify any deferred gains you're carrying into the back half?
Ray Young: Yes, Tom. Recall, the objective of our hedging program is really to manage margin risks on our products and to dampen volatility of earnings and cash flow. And we'll call any impact when it's greater than $50 million. That's what we've done in the past. So, we entered the second quarter with about $80 million of favorable timing effects that would be recognized in the future. And then, as you see in the supplementary data, we exit second quarter with about $95 million of favorable timing effect. So, on net, we had actually $15 million of unfavorable timing effects in the second quarter. Now, with board crush falling dramatically in the second quarter, we naturally did have hedge gains on crush. Now, some were deferred due to our cash flow hedge program, which we put in place several years ago, right? And so, although for these gains, they are basically under our cash flow hedge accounting, you don't have to mark-to-market. They're just simply deferred in the future and we'll recognize that. But we did also recognize some timing effects related to basis movements on oil, meal and beans, right? So, therefore, the favorable effect on board crush was offset by some of the unfavorable timing effects on basis movements. And as a result, we had a slight negative impact of $15 million. And again, we didn't call it out in our prepared remarks, but you can actually see that in the data there. The other thing to just note also, we also had some bunker fuel hedges and we call that out in the first quarter, right? Some unfavorable effects on bunker fuel hedges that should reverse out in the second quarter. And we did. We did have some favorable reversals. But, again, nothing significant in terms of size, and that's the reason why we didn't call it out. But in general, I'd have to say, our cash flow hedge program is actually something that helps smooth out some of the fluctuations that we have on our hedging. And then, there's also some other impacts that actually impact the net amount. But again, I think the key is that we saw about $95 million of favorable timing effects that will reverse out over the future quarters.
Thomas Simonitsch: That's very helpful. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Ben, your line is open.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to revisit the Vantage segment. I know in April when you guys decided the closure of two dry mills, you talked about kind of a four-month timeline. Recognizing you might not want to telegraph too much the timing of the reopening, what are you looking for from a market perspective as you think about reopening, either sticking to that timeframe or oscillating around the original timeline that you laid out?
Ray Young: Yeah, we did indicate that when we temporarily idled the two facilities. We said that we'll probably keep it down for about four months, which will, frankly, bring us to the end of the third quarter. I think the data that we're going to look at includes things such as industry ethanol levels, and it's actually very encouraging what we've seen recently where EIA data on ethanol and industry stocks, inventory level, they've come down from the peak of 27 million barrels down to about 20 million barrels right now. So, that's actually very, very encouraging. And you have seen ethanol margins respond accordingly with that particular reduction in terms of inventory. The other key variable is just the recovery of driving miles. And you're actually starting to see that. We were down as much as 40% during the trough of the shelter-in-place in terms of gasoline demand. We're starting to see some level of recovery. We're probably down as an industry about 15% right now. And so, I think that some of the key data that we're going to look at is how that recovery continues, how the inventory levels get maintained as we go through the next several months and how the margin environment evolves, and that will guide us also in terms of the appropriate timing to kind of restart both dry mills here. So, it is a dynamic  it's a dynamic situation, but we're going to be very data driven as we look towards the strategy here.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay, thanks for that. Following up on just the questions around hedging, how exposed are you to the cash market? How much of 3Q have you hedged? And have you hedged any of your 4Q crush commitments?
Ray Young: Normally, in terms of crush, we normally kind of hedge the fourth quarter significantly, not 100%. But, normally, we're hedged, I think, 50%, 75%. Normally. We're always opportunistic, by the way too. We'll look at the levels and we'll determine when we layer in the levels. And then, as you go out into the future quarters, there's less. But we also do have hedges already in 2021 based upon the stable levels that we saw earlier in the year.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Michael, your line is now open.
Michael Piken: Yeah, hi. I just wanted to get an update a little bit in terms of how you sort of see the US-China trade situation playing out. Do you think that China is going to be able to meet all the phase one commitments and then just sort of any update you have on ASF over in China and how quickly they're rebuilding and what that means for meal demand over there?
Juan Luciano: Yeah, Mike. Listen, I think you heard me saying before. I think that China is taking all the actions that reflect their intention to comply with this. Despite their rhetoric, we continue to focus on the facts. The facts are that they have imported more from the US, if you look at corn or if you look at soybeans so far, versus last year. And the reality, there is also a supply/demand reality here. Brazil is out of beans. The Argentine farmer is not going to sell their beans. So, the US is going to be having a big harvest. And I think China, if you think about, they're going to import 95 million tons, 96 million tons and they have imported already 70 million tons, give or take, from South America. So, they need to import about 25 million tons, 26 million tons, of which they have already committed half of that. So, half of this is still to be done, which I think is going to be done from the US in the Q4. So, we feel good about that. And as I answered before to Ken in elevation margins, I think there's going to be corn, it's going to be soybean meal, it's going to be soy, and it's going to be wheat. So, it's going to be a good program for the US in terms of volumes. In terms of ASF, I think that ASF has been evolving as we predicted early on, in which that created a 10 million tons gap of protein in China. China has covered some of that with imports and we've seen those imports up around the world. We enjoy that, especially from Brazil this second quarter. And I think we've seen that growing into the US as well. We also saw the professionalization of animal processing in China. And with that, we've seen the increase of soybean meals in the rations and more efficient rations. So, will it be lineal? Probably like COVID, this will not be lineal. There are going to be ups and downs. There are going to a surge here or there that's going to be squashed. But I think that, overall, we've seen the worst. And I think that we're going to see probably full recovery by some time later 2022 or something like that, but it's going to be an in crescendo from here.
Michael Piken: Great. And then, now last of is just on the destination marketing increases here that you guys talked about. When can we start to see that accrue to the P&L and what does the margin profile look like on destination marketing compared to the North American operations? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Destination marketing has been impacting us already. As I said, when I said global trade had a record second quarter, that's what's driving a lot of that. This is a strategy we put three, four, five years ago. And to be honest, it's been emphasized now with people around the world more concerned about the stability of the supply chains and the ability to move product around, which we've been able to move. But having product locally has been very valuable for a lot of customers around the world. So, we made acquisitions in Egypt, in Israel. We opened some offices and we continue to expand the number of countries in Asia, in Europe and in South America that we are covering with that. So, at the beginning, we saw an expansion in volumes. We doubled the volumes. Now, volumes are growing a little bit more geographically, not in the same place, I would say. It's more by geographic expansion. And margins continue to increase. So, we feel good about it. And it's a big contributor and it was already a big contributor of our services for the first half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katter with Baird. David, your line is now open.
David Katter: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Juan Luciano: Good morning.
David Katter: Quickly wanted to clarify or get an update on your strategic review for ethanol. Where in the process are we and kind of how has COVID impacted that and what options are being considered?
Ray Young: The review is continuing. We have interested parties in the assets. Naturally, in the COVID-19 environment when the dry mills are shut down, the credit markets are basically shut down, we've taken a little bit of a pause. But, clearly, we expect the process to recommence as we kind of move through the back part of the year, as the markets start recovering back to more of a normality.
David Katter: Got it. And then, one more I just kind of want to hear your thoughts on. The readiness initiative, it's on track to beat its goal, I think you mentioned. But how does the focus shift? Or how does your mentality change once you achieve that $1.2 billion goal? Kind of what's the next step for ADM's readiness?
Juan Luciano: Yes, this is a large company and a growing company. So, as we continue to look for opportunities or buckets of opportunity, we continue to find more. So, everything that we do, David, is run into readiness, which is a way to execute better all our initiative. So, I think that the first stage, if you will, was more on efficiencies. We are shifting a little bit more to growth and innovation and to make sure that our growth and innovation has the same capabilities and power to execute the deficiency it has. But I will say, from a numbers perspective, we feel very good about the $200 million to $300 million of net impact that we get every year. And we don't see any reason for that not to be in the forecast for next year, maybe even a little bit better. So, we feel good about that. I will say if you look at  if I take the opportunity of your question to speak a little bit about the algorithm and how we're thinking for next year, the harvesting part, there's still more in front of us and we continue to see impact of that and probably growing. Maybe hopefully improve will be less so because we are improving those businesses and we don't have that many more businesses to improve maybe. And readiness continue to enlarge the scope. So, the impact of revenues should continue to grow over time.
David Katter: That's excellent. Thank you, guys.
Ray Young: Thank you.
Ray Young: Amy, any more questions? Amy?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Theurer of Barclays. Ben, your line is now open.
Benjamin Theurer: Thank you very much. Good morning, Juan, Ray. Hope you're both well.
Juan Luciano: Good morning.
Ray Young: Thank you, Ben.
Benjamin Theurer: Good stuff. Just one quick one and a follow-up. So, within the Carbohydrate Solutions segment, you've also had mentioned that wheat had a very strong performance and I think you said on the call something like it was up 50%. I know it's small, but just out of curiosity, what are you seeing in the month of July and into the rest of 3Q and maybe a little ahead into 4Q on the wheat part within the Carbohydrate Solution business?
Ray Young: The demand for flour continues to be strong. Probably, first quarter, we saw a little bit of a surge because of pantry loading. But the demand effects continue to be solid for wheat, and hence our mills are actually running very, very hard. Now, the other big contributor, don't forget, is just the optimization initiatives that we had in our wheat processing plants. So, we actually shut down some inefficient mills and opened up new mills. The timing cannot be more perfect for that, right? Because the demand is there for our products. And now, we actually produce the flour from very efficient operations. And that has been actually an important contributor towards our overall improvement in terms of results for wheat milling. So, we're actually very, very pleased in terms of how this strategy has unfolded here.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, perfect. And then, a little more medium, long term. Clearly  and you maybe talked a lot about Brazilian farmer selling was very strong and I think you had in the presentation the status [ph], where they stand. So, what are you seeing on the ground? What's your expectation into the second season in Brazil and then maybe into next year? What are you seeing on the ground in terms of intention to plant just because of what they've been selling so strong right now? Do you see any significant uptick in volume in Brazil that could become a competitor for us in a more relevant way maybe looking into 2021?
Juan Luciano: Yeah. I think, Ben, we will continue to see Brazil adding a little bit of area. And I expect to have a large crop next year in Brazil weather permitting. So, I think that we will continue to see that and we have a strong origination team and crush team in Brazil. And I think we're going to continue to profit from that. I think there is a place for US and for Brazil. So, I think it's just the  I would say the short-term dynamics depends in South America a lot of what happened with currency. And you see the stark contrast between an Argentine farmer that see no benefit in parting ways with the crop, with the Brazilian farmer that due to the weak real was an aggressive seller even of the new crop. So, I think those dynamics will happen, but I think, over time, Brazil will try to continue to increase production.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. And congratulations on the results.
Juan Luciano: Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Hello, Amy?
Ray Young: Hello, Amy?
Juan Luciano: Any questions?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Anderson with Stifel. Vincent, your line is open.
Vincent Anderson: Thanks for sliding me in. Good morning and nice quarter. I did just want to clarify a little bit more on the positive mix shift in Nutrition. You called out growth in flavors and probiotics. Are those generally going to be higher margin contributors? And then, also on plant proteins, was that also representative of positive to mix or was it more of that margins in the protein business were improving as you fill the Campo Grande facility?
Juan Luciano: Yeah. A little bit of both. Certainly, Enderlin and Campo Grande are both new facilities. So, they are both getting better every quarter on what did they do. The EBITDA percentage of sales, as you know that I follow that, in the business continued to evolve favorably. If you look at the previous-year quarter was 11.3%. And this quarter was 15.1%. So, of course, our team is very agile, lean, to bring in new products and the new products bring new opportunities for margin up the business. So, we have those benefits. Probiotics are, of course  microbiome was a trend that was incipient, if you will, and COVID has put it right into the mainstream as people think about more health and wellness and immunity concerns. So, I would say probiotics that are science based, like ours, are being added as supplements to many, many products. And those products are highly technical. As I said, they require clinical trials and things like that. So, of course, they command higher margins. So, we feel very good about those products. And flavors, listen, flavors are incredibly important. All these things have to be taken by people and they have to taste good. So, the combination of our scientists creating these flavors and masking maybe different nodes that maybe people don't appreciate is critical to this. And that's one of the reasons we acquired WILD Flavors at that point in time because of those capabilities. When you combine those capabilities with the fact that all our flavors or 95% plus of our flavors are natural, that makes this the preferred solution for most of our customers and certainly for the consumers. So, we feel very good about that.
Vincent Anderson: All right. Thanks. To keep everybody on schedule, I'll just leave it there. Nice job again. Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vince.
Ray Young: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Seaport Global. Eric, your line is open.
Eric Larson: Yeah. Thanks for sneaking me in. Congratulations on a great quarter, guys.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Eric. Welcome back.
Eric Larson: Well, thank you. It's good to be back. It's a pleasure. So, just one really kind of technical question. It comes to the  and then I have a broader question. But the technical question is, we've got elevation margins right now in the Gulf ports that I haven't seen in quite some time. And just put China aside for a minute, there's good demand  there are a lot of other places outside of China. Obviously, the US dollar is helping a little bit. If you think that COVID-19 has maybe put some scare into some other countries, maybe they've loaded some inventory to make sure that they've got enough grain supplies for their people, et cetera, and some of that demand might taper off or are they actually using the products that they're shipping? I'm curious on the demand factor outside of China.
Juan Luciano: Yeah, I would say probably at the beginning of the year, we saw a little bit more of that, Eric. I think now is through demand that is coming through. I think that even through all the peak of the crisis, we've been able to manage every port. We've been able to keep our operations running, the protocols that we have with the crews of the vessels and the different ports have worked well. So, I would say probably early on, maybe March, April, maybe people thought a little bit more about hoarding product. I don't think that's true anymore. I think now we're seeing through demand. What is happening with that demand is looking like strong demand and strong volumes for the US. So, potentially, we could have record profits in Q4 when you look at the volumes plus the attractive prices because we're going to have a big harvest in the US. We're talking about large volumes for North America and we're talking about large crop and maybe even an early corn crop. So, we feel very good about that progress. And that's what you heard me saying before. In general, we look at the second half. And I look at my businesses and I think my businesses are going to perform better in the second half than in the first half. So, overall, the profit coming from the businesses should be stronger in the second half than in the first half.
Eric Larson: Yeah. We're going to have an outstanding harvest this year. And it's going to make us very competitive globally. I would agree with that. So, the other question here that I have  I have two small questions. One, we're starting to see estimates for Brazilian  for next year, for Brazilian soybean production  starting to see estimates north of 130 million metric tons. We're seeing  continue to see global production expansion across all of the major production countries. And my real question is here, obviously, the world is growing as well. Are we going to have enough demand over the next, let's say, three to five years to sell all this product? Or are some countries going to have to cede some share, export share, as this production continues to grow pretty rapidly? It's a longer-term question, but does demand and production match?
Juan Luciano: I do believe so. When we look at the  we've been adding like 2 billion people every 30 years here in the world. And when you see how China is recovering  remember that this virus hit us from the east, coming West. So, we've seen how China is recovering, how Europe is recovering. Of course, still the Americas are in the middle of the pandemic, but we need all that. I think my concerns are not, are we going to find enough demand for that volume. I think we still  on the biggest issue for China and a lot of countries is food security, Eric. And when I go around the world and talk to mandatories and all that, the biggest concern is that, are we going to see  do you have enough investment in infrastructure? Do you have the ports ready to bring all those products? So, we are not hearing a lot of issues with demand.
Eric Larson: Okay. And then  the one last question, and I'm sorry to ask so many  obviously, Nutrition is just doing exceptionally well and you've had a lot of investment in there and it's actually performing the way you have said it's going to. Not to pin you to any kind of a guidance number, Juan, in the past, you have shared what you thought nutrition could be as a contributor to the overall company over the long run. Could you give us an update on your thoughts on that? Because that's truly a new delta for the company.
Juan Luciano: Yeah. Statistically, Eric, I always have  we always have two norths, if you will. One is, we want to get to the 10% ROIC. And the second is, we saw the opportunity to bring growth into the company with extending our value chain into Nutrition. And we always say  you heard me saying, we think that that's a business that could get easily to 25%, 30% of our profits, and it continues to move into that. And to be honest, its moving probably has accelerated into that number, so we might revisit that number. So, we don't have a specific number. But all I wanted to express at that point in time is it will be a meaningful contributor because we saw the opportunity, we saw the potential for that business. And now, I think that everybody else is realizing. At the beginning, we were in an investment phase. So, to a certain degree, some of that performance was masked. But now, we're looking at what we're doing in  look at WFSI. WFSI grew 27%. Of course, animal nutrition grew much more than that. And when we look at all the microbiome potential there, that's an incredible accelerator that is still very small. So, I think I answered before to Ken. You have to remember, this is at the beginnings of what we can uncover in terms of profitability. We are just delivering while we are building the business, but there is much more that will come from Nutrition. And I think that if our track record serves us giving you confidence, trust us, much more is coming from Nutrition.
Eric Larson: Thank you very much. Have a good day.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session I will now turn the call back over to Victoria de la Huerga for closing remarks.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you for joining us today. Slide 10 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the ADM First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. De la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Jack. Good morning and welcome to ADMs first quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com.  For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and CEO, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview ADMs actions and operations in the current situation, our plans for the future and our view of market conditions. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results, as well as the drivers of our performance. Juan will then share some closing comments. Afterwards they'll take your question. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Victoria. Thank you to everyone who is joining us. I hope everyone listening is staying safe and healthy. These are obviously extraordinary times, so I would like to take a little time today to share with you my thoughts on three important topics. First, how ADM is working to protect our teams and how were continuing to provide nutrition to the world. Second, how we are thinking about our strategy and long-term plans in this unique times. And third, some views of the near and medium term demand environment and market conditions. Let me start by offering my thanks to our global team and partners. Across more than 800 facilities and thousands of transportation assets around the globe, ADM colleagues in the first quarter not only maintained our operations, but in some areas set production records. These men and women are supporting the global food supply chain and because of them millions, even billions of people who don't know ADM can eat every day. We are grateful for that commitment. Thousands of other colleagues have been enabled by our IT team to work remotely and are showing their flexibility and ingenuity to keep the rest of our business running smoothly. Just a month ago, we were having discussions about whether we would be able to have this earnings call on our normal quarterly schedule, or whether we should delay a week or more. Thanks to our global business services, IT and financial teams, we closed our Q1 books and we are ready to have this call with you today. Take this across 38,000 colleagues and you can see why, as of today, AVM is continuing to fulfill our purpose by providing nutrition around the globe without any significant operational interruptions due to COVID-19 outbreaks. I am honored and grateful to be part of this great team. And I hope all of our ADM colleagues who are listening on this call are proud of their achievements as well. Our leadership team is doing everything we can to support our colleagues. Circumstances changed fast, so every morning since early February, our cross functional leadership team has met to review the global situation, evaluate new risks, and make timely decisions to protect our teams and our business. We put in place strict guidelines to protect our employees and contractors from enacting travel restrictions early in the year, to a critical focus on enabling social distances in our production facilities, to ongoing remote work. When colleagues do develop symptoms, we have protocols designed to protect them and others who might have come in contact with them, as well as support continuity of operations. This includes paid leave for all colleagues during required quarantine periods where necessary to support them and their families. So far, only a relatively small number of ADM colleagues have tested positive. Tragically, we did suffer our first COVID-related fatality two weeks ago. Our thoughts are with everyone who has been personally impacted by this disease. Our ADM colleague emergency fund is available for team members who are facing economic hardship due to the crisis. And through ADM Cares we have committed funds and other resources to support others in communities around the world who are serving on the front lines in the fight against COVID-19. We also made some early decisions in order to strengthen ADMs position during what was sure to be a challenging operational and economic environment. For example, our balance sheet has historically been a source of strength for ADM. And in March, we further enhanced our cash position and reduced our exposure to short term credit market risks by issuing $1.5 billion in term debt. We are taking other actions, including reducing capital spending to reflect practical limitations in these environments  in this environment, while still completing projects necessary to maintain our facilities in same hot productive order and advanced critical strategic projects. Our team is delivering. Our first quarter adjusted earnings per share was $0.64. Adjusted segment operating profit was $643 million. And our trailing fourth quarter adjusted ROIC was 7.6%. Our performance is a testament to our team's ability to fulfill our critical role in the global food supply chain and deliver results to our shareholders, despite incredibly challenging circumstances. Please turn to Slide 4. As you can see even amid these global challenges, we're also continuing our work to ensure ADM remains strong and vital in the years to come. We are not slowing down in our commitment to delivering our strategy, nor in our focus on the business drivers under our control and our actions to improve the company. I am proud that even as our team was keeping our operations running under difficult circumstances, they also made great progress advancing the strategic imperatives we've defined this year, with accomplishments like improving capital efficiency in Ag Services & Oilseeds, advancing our center of expertise structure with the new global supply chain organization and delivering on our Neovia synergies more than two years ahead of our target. And we continue to advance readiness, which since the program began, has unlocked $920 million in run-rate benefits on an annual basis. All told, thanks to our team's great work we have achieved about 30% of our $500 million to $600 million in targeted improvements for 2020 and we continue to feel good about reaching our goal by the end of the year. We are also ensuring we live up to our critical role as steel were not just of our company, but of the natural resources that are vital to our business and our future. In 2011, we announced our 15x20 plan in which we committed to per unit improvements in energy use, greenhouse gas emissions, water waste to landfill by 2020. We met each of those goals ahead of schedule and this year we were proud to unveil even more ambitious commitments to reduce our absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 25% and our energy intensity by 15% in the next 15 years. Finally, I would like to talk a little bit about our world view of the markets and our future. With major western economies shut down. We are encouraged by the actions many nations are taking to contain the spread of COVID-19 and enabled an eventual recovery. How that recovery unfolds where and at what pace is something we'll be monitoring very carefully. And while precise predictions of these points are difficult, there are a few ways we can categorize some of the market impacts we're seeing. We saw short term acceleration in demand for certain products, such a flower, or stapled packaged goods that we provide flavors and ingredients for as consumers loaded their pantries in advance to stay-at-home orders. Many of these products have reached or will reach saturation point and we expect demand to normalize. Then there are products that have been impacted as a direct result of the various national and local stay-at-home orders. For ADM, that includes refined oils, or food service, as well as biofuels like ethanol and biodiesel. As you know, we've made the difficult decision last week to idle two of our dry mills amid continued low gasoline demand. We would expect to see some of these demand build back in as economies reopen, though there will be a significant variability depending on when and how those re-openings occur. Were also seeing volatility in margin environments for certain commodity products, as markets constantly reevaluate global supply and demand balances due to a variety of factors. One key element were following closely here is the Phase 1 trade agreement with China. We've seen good buying of U.S. agricultural products by China so far this year, which could bode well for future purchases in the back half of the year. Equally as importantly, our global footprint gives us continued confidence in our ability to support global trade flows of food and agricultural products. Then there are the changing behaviors which might have longer term impacts. For example, in the food market we are seeing a back-to-basics approach, desire for comfort foods, snacks and staple goods, while consumers are staying home. We're seeing consumers increasing their purchases online, which impacts the demand for industrial starches used to make cardboard. And we are seeing an increase in interest in products that support health and wellness. There are many unknowns. What we do know, however, is that the transformation that ADM has undertaken over the last several years is now helping ensure that we're well equipped to pivot to whatever our customers require and whatever the world needs. We built up our product portfolio, our footprint, our innovation and our agility. And we are planning for the future. For example, we thought about the potential for changes in how we all interact with each other, our team launched virtual innovation sessions with customers in order to ensure we can continue to meet their needs. We aren't immune from some of the negative effects of the pandemic and its economic fallout. But we're confident in the ability of our great team to continue to provide nutrition around the globe. Now Ray will take us through our business performance before I come back to offer some final comments, before we go to Q&A. Ray, please.
Ray Young: Thanks, Juan. Good day everyone. Please turn to Slide 5. I like to start by echoing Jyans thanks to our ADM colleagues around the globe. We are fortunate to have this team and very grateful for their dedication. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.64, up from the $0.46 in the prior year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $643 million. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC was 7.6%, higher than our 2020 WACC of 5.75%. In our trailing four-quarter average adjusted EBITDA was about $3.5 billion. The effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2020 was approximately a positive 4% compared to an expense of 26% in the prior year. The favorable current quarter rate was due primarily to the impact of U.S. tax credits signed into law in December including railway maintenance tax credits. The tax credits primarily benefit our business partners and are substantially passed on to them through the prices of goods and services we negotiate to support their respective businesses. That maintenance expense is reflected in the cost of goods sold line of our GAAP statements and then the other charges line in the management statements. Looking ahead, were now expecting effective tax rate to be in the range of 13% to 15% before any discrete tax items. We generated about $800 million of cash from operations before working capital for the year, higher than 2019. Return of capital for the full year was about $315 million including about $110 million in opportunistic share repurchases that will offset dilution for the year. We finished the quarter with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 29%, down from the 32% a year ago. Capital spending for the quarter was about $200 million. As Juan said in view of a more challenging environment to execute capital projects, for example, due to social distancing consideration, we're reducing our capital spending plans. We expect spending for the year to be closer to $800 million, down from our initial guidance. We'll continue to advance projects and invest in maintenance necessary to run our operations safely and effectively, of course, but some discretionary projects will be put on hold. Next slide please. Over the past several years, we have been diversifying our sources of funding particularly working capital funding so as not to be relying on any one source. These new sources of funding include Euro CP facilities, U.S. and International receivable securitization facilities, and the structured trade financing facilities. In March, we added to this diversification by putting in place a U.S. inventory financing facility. As it became apparent that the COVID-19 situation could disrupt capital markets, we put in place additional global credit facilities as well as issued $1.5 billion of term debt in order to minimize rollover risk of our commercial paper program. The term debt was rated solid single A. In addition, we have been approved for the Federal Reserves commercial paper funding facility, which would serve as an additional backstop to our U.S. commercial paper facility. As a result, at the end of March we had cash and marketable securities of $4.7 billion and available untapped global credit facilities of $5.9 billion. The $4.7 billion of cash is much higher than the normal $1 billion that we would normally carry. As a precaution due to dislocations in the short-term credit markets we saw in the month of March. In future quarter ends, you should expect us to carry significantly lower cash balances as we now have the other liquidity facilities in place. We also had $5.6 billion of readily marketable inventories, which if needed we could sell very quickly and turn into cash. When taken together, we feel confident that we will be able to comfortably weather any prolonged downside economic scenarios and continue funding all of our financial and capital spending obligations including dividends in the foreseeable future. Please turn to Slide 7. Other business results were slightly down year-over-year. Futures commission loss provisions were partially offset by improvements in captive insurance operations. In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $189 million were slightly higher year-over-year principally due to the continued investments in IT and business transformation. Other charges increased due to the railroad maintenance expenses that I referred to earlier that we funded on behalf of U.S. short line railroads and which had an offsetting credit and tax expense, partially offset by improved foreign hedging results on intercompany funding. Net interest expense for the quarter was lower than last year, benefiting from lower average borrowing costs from liability management actions taken in late 2019. Effective January 1st, we decided to discontinue LIFO inventory valuation method accounting. And the corporate results include a LIFO credit of $91 million or $0.12 per share due to the reversal of the LIFO reserve balance. Please turn to slide 8. The Ag Services and Oilseeds team did a great job to deliver strong results. Ag Services results more than doubled versus the first quarter of 2019, which was negatively impacted by high water conditions in North America. Excellent performances in destination marketing and structured trade finance drove extremely strong results in global trade. Robust farmer selling in Brazil drove higher year-over-year origination volumes and margins, which were partially offset by weaker results in North America. Crushing results were lower than the prior-year-period. The team delivered high overall crushed volumes including a Q1 record for soy crush. Execution margins were solid, though below the high realized margins in the first quarter of 2019, which benefited from the short crop in Argentina. The prior-year quarter also benefited from about $75 million of positive timing impacts. Refined Products and other results were higher than the first quarter of 2019. Higher margins in both biodiesel and refined oils in North America were offset by lower biodiesel margins in EMEA. Peanut shelling results were significantly improved versus the prior-year period; as our improvement actions continued to strengthen that business. Wilmar results were significantly higher year-over-year due to stronger performances in tropicals and oilseeds and grain. Slide 9 please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were lower than the first quarter of 2019. As a reminder starting this quarter, we are reporting different subsegments within this business. The new Starches and Sweeteners subsegment, including wet mill ethanol results, was down year-over-year, largely due to about $50 million in negative mark-to-market impacts on forward sales of corn oil, much of which could reverse over the balance of the year. Absent those impacts, results were higher due to improved manufacturing costs driven impart by improvements made at the Decatur complex last year. Strong results in wheat milling as customers fill pantries and improved performance and conditions in EMEA including stronger demand and lower input costs. Vantage Corn Processors or VCP which includes our dry mill ethanol results was slightly higher versus the prior year. Effective risk management, combined with the lack of severe weather impacts seen in the first quarter of 2019, helped offset weak industry ethanol margins caused by significantly decreased demand. To bring the transition  to bridge the transition this quarter under the prior segmentation of Carbohydrate Solutions, the old Starches and Sweeteners would have reported above $160 million of operating profit. And the bio products segments would have reported about negative $92 million of losses, including the $50 million of negative mark-to-market impacts, which would have been split roughly equally between the two sub-segments. We have also included a pro former 2019 restatement of Carbohydrate Solutions in the appendix to this presentation. Slide 10 please. Nutrition continued its growth trajectory with record results. Our Human Nutrition businesses formerly known as WFSI delivered strong performance and growth across the broad portfolio including flavors, especially ingredients and health and wellness. Increased sales revenue in North America and EMEA flavors, continued sales growth in alternative proteins, and additional bioactives income helped drive improved results. As Juan mentioned earlier, we did see higher demand in some human nutrition areas as a result of new wins as well as some pantry loading effects. Animal Nutrition improved year-over-year results were driven by a strong performance from Neovia, good volumes and margins in feed additives, and solid sales in pet care. The prior year quarter also had been negatively impacted by about $10 million in upfront purchase price adjustments related to Neovia. Amino acids were negatively impacted by a year-over-year decline in the global pricing environment though prices were directly improved over Q4 of 2019 we are also very pleased that we met our Neovia synergy targets more than two years early. Our forward look includes some uncertainty as the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic continue to reverberate through the global economy. Despite this uncertainty as Juan indicated earlier, we remain focused on the drivers under our control and we're on track to deliver to that target range of controllable benefits this year. Now turning to the second quarter directionally. First, Ag Services and Oilseeds we expect segment results to be lower than Q1 subject to mark-to-market impacts as Ag Services seasonally normalizes, crush margins have come off to highs and the RPO business has some headwinds on near-term demand. In Carbohydrate Solutions, we expect the second quarter to be slightly better than Q1 of this year, but much lower than the year ago quarter, as ethanol industry demand and margins continue to be a negative driver and food service demand negatively impacts negatively impacts Starches and Sweeteners. For nutrition, we feel confident that the business will continue to advance to another calendar year of 20% plus growth. Now please turn to Slide 11, and I'll turn it back over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. I spoke a lot at the beginning of the call, so I'll just close by saying this. The core of our existence is the belief that food is fundamental. It sustains us, fulfills us and fuels our well being. Today, our role in providing for that need is more critical than ever. All of our teams are putting safety first as they support the global food supply chain. We're meeting needs that have changed dramatically in just the last few months and we'll be there to continue to provide nutrition to the world as we emerged from this challenge, I've never been prouder to be part of this team and this company, and I never been more confident about our ability to meet the challenges of today and tomorrow. With that, Jack, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Your line is open.
Ben Bienvenu: Yes. Thanks, good morning everybody.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ben.
Ray Young: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask a question. I'll start with crushing. I appreciate the color that you all gave. Two part question. One, if you could quantify what the mark-to-market impact was for the quarter? And then two, when we look at the data relative to what we can track, the results in the quarter were quite a bit lower than we would have expected. And I'm wondering perhaps there's something we can't track whether its basis or some sort of utilization dynamic and in the facilities that limited your ability to generate a little bit higher crushed margins. Any color that you can provide to elaborate on what's happening there would be helpful?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Let me start, Ben and I then Ray can touch on the mark-to-market. So I think what happened  what you see in the first quarter is that the bean market was supported basically by Chinese buying simply by  while the mill value is impacted by demand issues. So you see a cash margins in beans that they tend to track board crash. But this quarter, the impact of soybean bases, as the ability of the farmer to hold the beans increase, impacted our margins. So margins are down year-to-year by about $15 per ton. So I think that that's quite explains the situation. Of course we have expectations that the overall temporary adjustment of the shift in demand will subside as some of this  some of our customers manage this adjustment. But I think in North America that was the biggest impact, if you will. Soybean, crush soybean base is high and mill values being a little bit soft due to lack of demand in food service. With regards to the mark-to-market, I think Ray can provide some more granularity on that.
Ray Young: Yes. On the mark-to-market impact as I indicated, last year if you recall we had some very stable mark-to-market impacts about $75 million. This quarter we didn't  I didn't highlight anything on the call because it was not material, but if you recall, like we entered the quarter with a fairly large balance in terms of deferred gains. But what happened, as you know, is the board crush actually went up during the course of March, right? And so therefore we actually had mark-to-market losses there. And so when you actually take into account of the deferred gains coming into the quarter, and then the mark-to-market  the new mark-to-market losses that we took as board crush went up, they netted out to be fairly immaterial. I mean, it's just really not meaningful in terms of the overall results there. I do want to remind you, it's actually in your supplemental information that at the end of the first quarter we still have about $80 million of deferred gains that will be recognized as we kind of move through the rest of the year there. So hopefully that will help you in terms of understanding where the mark-to-market currently stands.
Ben Bienvenu: It does. Thank you. My second question is related to the Starches and Sweeteners business. Appreciate the bridge back to apples-to-apples result, and appreciate the 2Q commentary. I'm curious when you think about the COVID operating environment, the stronger demand for container board, stronger demand for the packaged foods consumption netted against weaker demand for food service. Do you think this environment is net positive or negative for Starches and Sweeteners and then the big move down that we've seen in that corn costs, while I realize you all hedged a significant component of your cost there? How impactful is that to the business?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I will say as we look at the demand for Starches and Sweeteners, Ben, we see that that the demand was strong for us at least in January and February. So I think that we saw some decline in demand in March, but not that significant. We see  we saw more significant demand decline in April. Over the last two weeks, I'm talking about mostly Sweeteners and Starches. Over the last two weeks we have seen orders pick-up bunk a little bit again, so maybe there is a little bit more energy in the food service markets around the world right now. So I would say a demand of Sweeteners and Starches we're going to see a bigger impact in second quarter that maybe we saw in the first quarter. Of course the second quarter we have less of a mark-to-market corn oil issues and we will continue to enjoy some of the improvements. The operational improvements were strong. The improvement on European operations were strong and milling had a very good quarter, and we're going to have some as you said, lower net corn cost of all that. So  but when you take all the puts and takes with a slower demand, we probably see a slight improvement versus Q1 into Q2 but not a significant one.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Thanks. Good luck.
Ray Young: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. There's increased consumption of food at home. Is it your  your message here is that that only partially offsets the decline from consumption of food away from home. And I guess that flows through vegetable oils, Starches and Sweeteners. Maybe can talk a little bit about the impact on animal care also? Maybe there was a pull forward in the first quarter. But is that the big food consumption message that you have here?
Juan Luciano: Rob, I think that it depends on the business and our exposure to food service versus retail. So if you go to the milling business; the milling business had a very good first quarter and we had a good demand everywhere in the world. If you see the nutrition business, I have less exposure to food service was a very strong quarter and that continues to grow. So I would say, they all said depends on your mix. When we go to things like, for example, the corn oil  corn oil goes more to retail. So we saw better demand for, for things like chips. On the other hand, soybean oil goes to more to foodservice. So we see a little bit of weakness there. When we're talking about food service we think though that probably we saw the trust in late, late April, maybe the orders at the  for the beginning for May and we started to see over the last two weeks, things becoming a little bit better. So I think we are a little bit more optimistic as some of the economies start to reopen. We start to see that. We have the benefit of being a global company. We see that pandemic have all been from East to West. So were seeing already food services in Asia getting back to maybe 70% to 80% of where they used to be. Of course much more on food deliveries and takeouts and things like that than actually in-room dining. But we see a little bit of that come back. So again, I think you should think about for ADM the impact has been more in food services North America, in terms oil because even package oils in Europe and South America, since South America and Europe has less impact to food service. We have been a little bit more robust on the last point of your question or regarding animal nutrition. How would animal nutrition with the acquisition of Neovia has become very global and very much diversified into many, many applications and business subsections. So we saw strength on that and we expect a lot of that strength to continue. North America has been more impacted and yes, were going to see some of that reduction in feed in North America, probably in the second quarter more immediately than in the West.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then a follow-up if I could. There's been a lot of news flow about liquidations in U.S. livestock. It sounds like a temporary thing. But at what point does that become a risk to domestic soy meal demand here in the U.S.? Do you have any outlook on that?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Of course, that, I mean, it's unfortunate all this impact that COVID has been having in so many people and so many industries. And when we look at the demand for soybean meal, with everything that's happened, of course, it's going to be lower than we have anticipated before. But I think you need to think about this as a temporary adjustment. Most of our customers are shifting as quickly as possible from foodservice to retail. That's probably is going to be  there is still a strong demand in the retail area. And we started to see much more the increase of China imports from the United States in terms of pork and poultry, and that will help medium-term also to exacerbate the demand for soybean meal. So medium term, we are constructive. I think in the short term, we need to go through this volatility of customers shifting their patterns. And we will have to go through that probably in Q2.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome Rob.
Operator: Ben Kallo with Baird. Your line is open.
Ben Kallo: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So Ive two questions. Just one, kind of going back to the last time you talked after the Q4 results. Could you just talk about maybe just generally how you view the market going forward and your level of visibility, if you're better or worse, then? And then can you just talk about the Nutrition business? Because I think it gets lost kind of in all the other parts of the business, and you made significant improvements there. Just  I know you said that there's  the growth will continue next year. But can you just talk more in-depth about how we should think about margin expansion and then the different trends that are driving that business? Because I know you've put a lot of investment into it. And so I think that maybe just reminding us how we should think about that business, especially in this uncharted territory, about how that holds up? And I know there's a lot there, but thank you.
Juan Luciano: No, thats all right. Thank you, Ben. So let me start with COVID and how I see the world now versus how I saw it the last time we spoke. First of all, I'm proud and also a little bit surprised how well we managed to keep the operations going through all this. If you have told me that we will be running more than 800 plants around the world with minimum staffing, with people in quarantine and running the rest of the company remotely, I mean, I think it's testament of the resilience of the ADM people and business model. So very proud of that. Second, I think fundamentally, we remain very confident because, first of all, we hit the ground running this year and almost ahead of schedule in most of our improvements. Remember, we call for $500 million to $600 million of self-help here. And as I said in my remarks, we are through 25% of the year, we're probably 30% accomplished there. So I'm happy with that. I'm happy with we are executing in Neovia. We achieved synergies three years ahead of schedule. So the team is clicking on all the boxes that we promised to shareholders and to the Board that we were going to do. In terms of demand, I'm normally a little bit more relaxed because we are in the food industry. We are blessed with that, and there is the same number of mouths out there eating. So our role of it in the world continues to be as important as before. We need to go through this shift and this shift benefits some businesses and creates short-term disruptions in some other business, but the fundamental impact of COVID in the first quarter was to the carbohydrate solution business in terms of death and all. There was some biodiesel, but biodiesel North America navigated it better. South America and Europe was a little bit more impacted in terms of biodiesel. But I will say the big impact was scarf solution in ethanol. And that is something that  it was a very big impact because we were coming already in a situation of high inventories and the industry has negative margins already by the time we get into that. And  but you see us again focusing on why we can control them, so what we did in crush, for example, we have adjusted crush margins in North America, crush rates in  operating rates in North America to offset the little bit  the short term issue on demand that were having. And we took the difficult decision of take two of the dry mills down in North America. So, I see fundamentally the demand being solid for us. Margins are still good margins. And I still see all the things that the business has been under management team has been focused on hitting in all cylinders and going a little bit ahead of schedule as of Neovia, or the $500 million to $600 million and the readiness efforts. When talking about nutrition, I said to all of our investors over the last year and a half that they been supporting us through all the investment phase in nutrition and nutrition have not been showing that in the P&L because this was organic growth and we have some  some growing pains into some of these assets as you build them and you have to finance them. But when you see now what's starting to happen is what we predicted before is all those wins, all that innovation, we always said we have our value proposition is resonating with our customers. We had that. That line was a little bit masked by all these organic growth that was coming. Now all that organic growth is hitting the P&Ls because these investments are maturing. And you're going to see that and we grew 23% profits last year. We are growing  we are going to grow another north of 20% this year. You see WFSI during this. So take Neovia and animal nutrition out for a minute since the first quarter is a little bit of a strange comparison because we acquired this last first quarter. So but if you take WFSI, WFSI has grown earnings up 28% in the first quarter. So we continue a little bit rhythm of 23 that we deliver last year and flavors are growing at revenue at 7.8%. So, we feel pretty good about that business. It's a very diversified business. And if anything we experienced in COVID with people that come back from this pandemic like we've seen in Asia, is that people come back with a more  with an enhanced focus on health and then the importance of quality nutrition for their wellbeing. So we've seen the probiotics our health and wellness segment is up like 24% in terms of revenue because the sales of those products are  for humans has been probably reemphasized by all this COVID. So we think that we are in the right segments. We think we have the right product mix. So we feel very bullish about  continue this performance for the nutrition business.
Ben Kallo: And thank you. And I will speak one morning if I can to Ray just range on capital allocation. And  how are you looking at it just because I'm sure there are some distressed businesses out there that could fit into your portfolio. And so has that started to happen yet? Or is that you have bigger fish to fry? Or how do we think about that that fitting in just from an acquisition product? Thank you.
Ray Young: Yes. From a capital allocation perspective as you know this year we are focused on further deleveraging the balance sheet to get towards our low twos target range in terms of debt to EBITDA. At the same time as you pointed out me there could be opportunities out there and we're always looking at opportunities out there. So, nothing, nothing clear right now, but I think we'll just keep an open  keep our ears and eyes open. But again, priority at least in the near term is to get our balance sheet into a little bit lower in terms of the leverage position.
Ben Kallo: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Tom Simonitsch with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tom Simonitsch: Good morning.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Simonitsch: Say just given the fall in fuel demand, can you comment on the outlook for  by diesel demand and production relative to your earlier expectations for this year? And is there a potential for a double negative for ADM as you cut the U.S. production and forgo tax credits or those credits just embedded in the margin structure?
Juan Luciano: I think on biodiesel demand what we're seeing, Tom, is in Europe we're actually seeing more of a hit in terms of our biodiesel demand. A part of it is just simply due to the fact that as in Europe, passenger cars actually use diesel a lot in addition to commercial vehicles. And so when you have to shelter-in-place orders come in for Europe, it really negatively impacted the demand environment over there. What's interesting in the United States, we actually have not seen that that drop-off. In fact in the early part of the quarter, we actually saw strong demand for diesel because as you know, trucks, the trucking industry were actually running very, very hard in order to keep the warehouses supplied. And as airlines kind of shut down, a lot of the goods actually start moving on the truck front. So, we've seen on the biodiesel front, which is tied to the really diesel demand that the United States actually has held up reasonably well. In terms of our block, our biodiesel block, we've got it. A lot of it already sold out into the second and third quarter. So we feel good about  this part of the business is actually holding up right now.
Tom Simonitsch: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a clarification on the railway tax credits, you noted that the cost of acquiring those tax credits reduced your pre-tax profit. Can you just confirm that all those associated costs are recognized in the same quarter as the tax benefit?
Ray Young: Yes, I can confirm that. Again, on a GAAP statement, its in the cost of goods sold on the management statements you can look at the other charges line and that full amount  and if you look in the appendix, you can see all the information there, like the $73 million of tax credits is fully reflected in the other chargers line of the management statement there.
Tom Simonitsch: That's great. And just one last one for me. If you could maybe just give us some more color around the negative mark-to-market in corn oil. I don't think I've seen that before. So why are we seeing that this quarter?
Ray Young: Yes, you're right. I've never really talked about mark-to-market on corn oil before in prior earnings calls. And frankly, the last time we actually saw this was about 10 years ago. So, what happened was as ethanol plants slowed down around the country then as you know corn oil is a byproduct of ethanol production. And so, we actually saw a reduction in terms of supply of corn oil. At the same time as Juan indicated earlier, we actually saw a significant demand for fried snacks like chips. So actually demand for corn oil actually went up. And so, we actually start seeing a divergence between soybean oil prices and corn oil prices, which again, historically tracked very closely with one another. And so, as corn oil prices, and this really occurred  started occurring at the end of March, as corn oil prices moved up, we have a forward book of sales contracts in corn oil and some of those sales contracts are actually indexed to bean oil, right. And that's just because of history in terms of how  how these prices have correlated. So when we actually mark the book at the end of March for the forward sales contracts that were indexed to bean oil. We actually had to take a mark-to-market loss on that. Now I do expect, as I indicated in my comments that part of this mark-to-market impact it should reverse, it could reverse as we kind of move through the year, due to two factors. One, with higher corn oil price, that means the corn product credit will actually go up as we kind of move through the year, which means net corn costs compared to where we were at the beginning of the year of the should actually come down. And then secondly, as we move through the year as ethanol production actually starts ramping up due to gasoline demand of returning, and as the shelter-in-place orders come off and maybe chip them in and start to come back off a little bit, then you should actually start seeing the historical correlation start returning back again. So that's the reason why I feel that it's kind of move through the next 12 months. Probably in the back half of the year, I should expect about half of the negative mark-to-market to come back in the form of other lower net corn cost, or mark-to-market reversals. As Juan indicated, I think, for the second quarter I do probably expect that the negative mark-to-market to kind of  it's not going to be the same magnitude of $50 million, but we may have some slightly negative mark-to-market in the second quarter as well in Carb Solutions.
Tom Simonitsch: Thanks, Ray. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Hey good morning everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning Ken.
Ray Young: Hey Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just a couple of quick ones, on the vegetable oil side, are you still making favorable spreads or have they gone to a negative, is there any thoughts of maybe pulling back capacity or anything like that? How is that playing out?
Juan Luciano: Well, as I said before, we have adjusted crush in North America a little bit. So we ran hard in the first quarter. And then at the end of March we adjusted crush into April a little bit. So we are monitoring all that. And as I said before, I think, that soybean oil mostly has been affected in the oil side in North America. It has been more biodiesel impact in the other places, but package oils has been more robust in the other two geographies in Europe and South America.
Ken Zaslow: And can you also take us around the world are the crush margins in Europe, China, Canada, holding up better than that of the U.S.? And if so, what do you attribute that to?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think in Europe margins are $25 to $35 per ton, so a little bit better. And I think that a couple of things, Argentine crush is still not a major threat to Europe, maybe in six to eight weeks, when the product of all the harvest start hitting the shores of Europe maybe. And then I think that having the  meat is in very good demand in Europe for all the retail issue and the retail segment. And meat packers in Europe have smaller plants. So I think that they have fewer people in all the plants. So the issue of maybe COVID spreading among workers had been less of an issue there. The issue in Europe has been of course the biodiesel as Ray mentioned before, biodiesel is used more for passenger transportation in Europe, so that was absolutely shut down. And so we adjusted the rate to some of those plans. At the moment we are running as much soya crush as we can in Europe, of course, given our advantage there. Brazil margins are more in the $15 to $25 per ton. They are the big farmer selling. Demand for oil has been  for package oil has been good. And then biodiesel we've been able to move enough biodiesel there in Brazil, this is tied to economic activity. And less of a passenger drive, passenger car there. And we've been able to manage more of that. Demand for meat has I continued to be very strong. Most of our customers, they are exporting a lot of their meat to China. So that demand has been very strong. And other than one announcement of a plant with some issues in poultry a week ago all the plants of our customers have been running in Brazil. So far so good in Brazil. So I would say one of the big things that we noticed this quarter in terms of soybean oil has been the great benefits of having the global trade desk actually working together to facilitate that we continue to crush hard, because basically they took care of the oil, exporting that oil. And you see the one of the benefits of the combination between the Ag Services business and Oilseeds is it business is that the global trade works either to place a little bit more of North America mill into export markets or a lot of the oil into the export market so our plants can continue to run. That has been very beneficial to us.
Ken Zaslow: And then my last question is will we finally get a consolidation or a reduction of number of players in ethanol? Is this an event that could really change the structure of the ethanol industry? Or is it one of those you will see production cuts, everybody goes down and then it just kind of rebounds? How do you think about that? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Yes Ken, that's a good question. I think it depends on probably the duration of this situation. The industry is working at the lowest production rates ever. And I think that we saw more than 70 plants going down. And for somebody that have run plants before it depends on how long it takes for that plant to be down. After a few months, things start becoming complicated and maybe fewer of those plants will be able to come back. So it depends how quickly margins, rebound. But I would say if there is a prolonged activity or low gasoline prices and margins continue to be down for a while, I think, you will see some players not coming back, whether that's enough to restructure the industry is probably a tall order question there that I would not guess to answer at this point.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Heather Jones with Heather Research. Your line is open.
Heather Jones: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. I know we are running out of time, so I'll just do this quickly. Has your corporate expense outlook changed at all given the deterioration in the economic outlook?
Ray Young: No Heather, I know we were a little lower in the first quarter, but a lot of the initiatives that we announced in our fourth quarter call in terms of our business transformation  we have not slowed that down. In fact one argues that these business transformation initiatives are actually very, very important for the long term of ADM. And so we have not diverted from those particular, strategic initiatives there. So the guidance that we provided to you in the fourth quarter for the calendar years remains in place. I think the only thing that's changed in terms of below line is like interest expense. I think that with the addition of long-term debt that we put onto the balance sheet you should expect probably our net interest expense probably be similar to where we were last year.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you for that. And then Juan, you had mentioned that you guys moderated your crush rate coming into Q2. Lately I've been hearing multiple reports that bean oil storage in the U.S. has become constrained. And so just wondering if you could walk us through that? And how serious it is? And if so is further moderation going to be required?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think, that during the first quarter we saw, I mean, as you see March when we saw the decline in economic activity around the world that became the limiting factor for crush, it was like, you know, do you have an outset? Do you have a house for soybean oil? As I said, we have been good at using our integration to make that soybean oil disappear and keep crush margins up. Of course the longer this takes inventories start to pop and not everybody have the same ability to place those things with us. And there is a lot of people fighting for liquid storage these days in North America. But I would say, I think, we are comfortable with the level of adjustment in production that we have at this point. We adjusted about five percentage points. And I think for now that that's good. So we don't foresee more at this point. And as I said before, Heather we started to see
Heather Jones: Okay, [indiscernible].
Juan Luciano: Yes I'm talking about ADM specifically, I wouldn't venture about what's going to happen for the rest of the industry. But as I said we have that benefit of that integration with the global trade. But I would say over the last week and two weeks as China started to reopen and as Europe prepares to reopen and then in some cases they have done, so we started to see a little bit more activity. And I don't know if people replenishing pipeline in preparation for the summer or what. But orders have popped up a little bit over the last two weeks in general for ADM.
Heather Jones: That's great color. Thank you so much.
Juan Luciano: You are welcome Heather.
Operator: As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question. Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Vincent Andrews : Hi, thanks for taking my question after the hour and I'll keep it to one. Could you just remind us how the  what we used to call WFSI how that business did during the last recession or in economic slowdowns in general? I'm just thinking once we get past COVID there's really still going to be a recessionary environment for who knows how long but long enough. So any help there would be would be great.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Well, we didn't have WFSI on the last recession, so it's difficult to compare. But I think it's a good question in the sense that the business is relatively less exposed to food service than there may be other segments that we have in the company. And it's very, very diversified because the systems, and the flavors and the pantry is so broad that goes into almost every product, whether it's food or beverage. So I would say a pretty resistance in that point. I think that the thing that we are watching very careful is not that much the absolute demand, which we feel comfortable whether it maybe softer in previous scores than it was in Q1 may be there is some adjustment to pantry filling. But I think what we are seeing is our win rates, our ability to place new orders or bring new products have been strong. Our ability to provide existing sales of existing products to existing customers have been good. And I think that what we may see, because we saw that in Asia, it's a little bit of deceleration in innovations in food services in the first quarter because logically companies as they focus more on delivery or pickups or e-commerce, they tend to emphasize their traditional products. You are not going to go to a food service restaurant and order take out something new, you normally go to something that you know. So we've seen a little bit of decline and that started to come back slowly. But that probably will be the shift. The shift is maybe that we sell more of existing products than the proportion we used to sell off innovative products. So we think that the impact of the recession may be a little bit of a delay in the introduction of our new products.
Vincent Andrews : Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vince. 
Operator: Michael Piken with Cleveland Research, your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yes, hi. I will also limit it to one question. If you could just talk a little bit about kind of what's happening down in Brazil with the port infrastructure and obviously a lot of talk about how they are managing COVID-19 a little differently. But how are your operations going down there? Are you seeing any port backups? And I know you got a slide on farmer selling being pretty good, but just the overall state of the Ag economy down in Brazil would be great.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I would say listen, the team identify of course very early on potentially ports could be a weak point in terms of the COVID issue. And we took all kinds of precautions to make sure that that was not the case, so it was not impacted. And I would say at this point in time, we have no issues in terms of being able to load. There may be a little bit of an extra cost here and there, but nothing, nothing material that we should worry about. In Argentina there has been a little bit of  even in the phase, to be honest, when I said we were preparing because we were preparing for the big export market because of course China has a lot of appetite and Brazilian farmer was selling. So we saw that flow. We're going to have higher volumes which we saw those higher volumes and we see it event even during Q2. So I would say, given that they work in exceptional volumes, the performance has been a stellar because to be honest, minimal disruptions. Some disruptions in Argentina because the Parana River is very low in water. So we have to move some of the loads to Baia Blanca, a little bit more in the ocean side of the country, but also there, we've been loading well, only we changed the port. So I would say  and then even around the world Romania had record exports and the ports were there as well. So I think they will be happy  we will be happy there. In terms of how I see Brazil in general, this COVID, I think, May is going to be a tough month because we are fighting these two streams. On one side the economy and the social pressure to come back to work and the people basically need for their livelihoods. But the number of cases is still going up. And I think the ability to control that makes me a little bit worried about in general, the health situation in Brazil May. But other than that, I would say so far maybe diary was the segment that had been impacted the most from our customers perspective. But for the rest so far the business for us has been strong.
Operator: Vincent Anderson with Stifel, your line is open.
Vincent Anderson: Thanks for sneaking me in. Just quickly on Neovia. I was hoping you can breakout the improvement in the quarter between: one, the synergies, obviously the $10 million adjustment from last year broader revenue improvement and then maybe any seasonal factors just for the purpose of framing what the new baseline of earnings power should be for that business all of equal?
Juan Luciano: Yes I'm not sure I have the breakout that easy, but let me say the following there. The Neovia, the way you need to think about it is because it's very diversified geographically and very diversified in the different sub segments. So I don't want to go into a long explanation, but I think the important thing, if you remember when we acquired Neovia, what I said that the Neovia story was actually a margin up story. So it was very complimentary to ADM from a geographical perspective and business perspective, but it was a margin up story. And although our business in Animal Nutrition was above 9% EBITDA margin on sales or where about, the Neovia business was lower than that. And then our expectation was to start moving up that business in two or three phases. And I am happy to report that margins are improving Neovia as we described. So we went from the margin of about 6.5% to about 9.50% in the Q1. So it's a business that is starting to get closer to our first original goal of about 10%. And then we were planning to go into the lower teens. So it's a business that again, has so many segments and so many geographies and they are all recovering differently and being impacted differently. So I don't think that the Q1 yet is a very good quarter for us to go into a lot of analysis into the future because again we have all these economies, there is a lot of Southeast Asia that is still is impacted by coronavirus. There is China that is coming back. There is Brazil that hasn't been impacted. There is Mexico that is being impacted right now. There is North America that is more impacted. So I think that second quarter will give us maybe a better time to make this analysis. But the business will continue to improve. We are revisiting the synergy numbers, of course, after we achieve 50 million target that we set for ourselves. So, we're still  there's still going to be growth rate, positive growth rate. There is still going to be increasing EBITDA margin on sales. It's just that the market at this point in time is too fluid to develop the algorithm right now.
Vincent Anderson: Thats fair enough. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our final question comes from line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Thank you everyone. Thank you for squeezing me in. I want to ask a question on Ag Services, something you haven't talked about a lot on this call. Just thinking about the outlook over the balance of the year with what looks to be much bigger U.S. supply of corn than potentially beans. Just given the planted acreage and the loss on demand in ethanol, just wanted to get your sense, the outlook for that business is actually improving probably more second-half weighted, but just the view today relative to where you might have been three months ago.
Ray Young: I think
Juan Luciano: Yes, go ahead Ray.
Ray Young: I think we are actually encouraged in terms of Ag Services, in terms of how they started out in the first quarter, very strong results. We're also encouraged like the planning estimates in the United States are actually fairly strong, too. So it would be quite an improvement in terms of the acreage this year compared to last year where it was negatively impacted by weather. So we should actually have some  assuming the weather holds up and the planning gets in, we should actually have a very good crop of both corn and soybeans as we kind of go through this year in United States. I think the big variable, Adam, is going to be the China and the Phase 1 deal. As Juan indicated, we're very encouraged in terms of China coming in the first quarter to buy, frankly, a whole portfolio of agricultural products, you got sorghum, you got wheat, you got corn and then some soybeans also right now. So we are very encouraged in terms of what China is doing right now in terms of agricultural purchases and all the signals that we're getting and from both the U.S. side and the China side is that they will be executing their agricultural portion of Phase 1 consistent with what they had talked about. So we think as we kind of move through the year that the China will be increasing the amount of purchases of U.S. agricultural products. So you are already seeing that significantly in terms of animal proteins, pork, meat, chicken. I mean, the year-over-year purchases by China are an area of like 300% higher in terms of pork and big numbers in terms of poultry and beef as well. But in terms of soybeans, we are still thinking that for the year it could be 30 million metric tons to 35 million metric tons of purchases from United States as we move through the year. And that's going to be very supportive in terms of the Ag Services business, particularly in the back half of the year here. So overall, I have to say that we're very constructive. If China buys corn in addition to soybeans, that's going to be extremely constructive. And then the other variable, I just want to mention, is that ethanol as part Phase 1 deal is being viewed as part of the agricultural basket in terms of purchases. So as China moves towards honoring the $36 billion of agricultural purchases, it's very possible that ethanol will enter the picture, particularly in the fourth quarter now.
Adam Samuelson: All right, I think, I will stop it there. Thanks so much.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Victoria de la Huerga.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you for joining us today. Slide 12 notes some upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow-up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day. And thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes the ADM first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the ADM Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer-Daniels Midland Company. Ms. de la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Jack. Good morning, and welcome to ADMs fourth quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of todays webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the Companys Safe Harbor Statement, which says that some of our comments and materials constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry condition, company performance, and financial results. These statements and materials are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its report on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC report. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events.On todays webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano will provide an overview of the quarter and important actions we are taking to meet our strategic goals. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results as well as the drivers of our performance. Then Juan will discuss our forward look, and finally, they will take your questions.Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan R. Luciano: Thank you Victoria. Good morning everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.42 up from $0.88 in the prior year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was slightly above $1 billion. Our return on invested capital was 7.5% above both our 2019 WACC of 6.75% and our long-term WACC of 7%. We are continuing to drive towards our long-term ROIC goal of 10%. The team delivered solid results this quarter and I am proud of how they performed both over the last three months and throughout the year. We managed through a difficult external environment by keeping our focus on the strong execution, continued improvement efforts, and by providing winning solutions for our customers. And given our performance we are today announcing a quarterly dividend increase of $0.01 per share to $0.36 per quarter. This dividend will be our 353rd consecutive quarterly payment, an uninterrupted record of 88 years.I'm proud to look back on a year in which we delivered significant advancements in each of our strategic pillars. In our optimized pillar we advanced key business improvements and have seen the results of our work, a Decatur complex and in our Golden Peanut and Three Nuts business. We have reshaped our North American wheat milling footprint closing old less efficient mills and opening our brand new, state of the art facility in Mendota. We completed a significant global organization redesign including offering early retirement for certain North American colleagues and reducing management layers that is helping us enhance productivity and efficiency. And just in the fourth quarter we entered into an agreement to sell our palm plantation operations in Brazil and sold our investment in CIP advancing our ongoing efforts to ensure our asset portfolio maximizes returns and aligns with our core competencies.In our drive pillar we launched the Ag Services and Oilseeds business unit and we are delivering on the synergies created by simplifying the business model including capital reduction efforts. More widely as part of our readiness efforts we introduced a company-wide simplification initiative which is streamlining decision making and processes in order to drive accountability and realize additional value in the way we work. And we continued to drive standardization and efficiency by centralizing critical activities including our new global operations organization.In our expand pillar we expanded on our leadership position in the fast growing alternative protein through our partnership with Marfrig and by working with many other customers to create systems and solutions to meet their needs. We enhanced our global citrus platform with the addition of Florida Chemical and Ziegler and we cut the ribbon on our expansion and enhancement of our flavor production capabilities in Beijing. We created an unparalleled global leader in animal nutrition thanks to the addition of Neovia and I am extremely pleased with the integration including running ahead of our internal targets or synergies. And just in the last three months, in the last few months we further expanded our animal nutrition capabilities with the opening of our state of the art technology center in Decatur and our new feed production facility in Vietnam.We continue to build a leadership position in the key markets of food, beverages, and supplements that enhance health and wellness with the acquisition of Brazil based Yerbalatina phytoactives a pioneering leader in plant based extracts. And we further enhance our global destination marketing footprint this time expanding into Turkey capping a year in which our overall destination marketing volumes grew by 10%.Let's turn to Slide 4, a year ago I called 2019 the year in which readiness would accelerate, moving beyond the introductory phase to become a driver of our culture and how we do our work every day. The enterprise had been laser focused on readiness which shows in our execution. By the end of 2019 we had completed 435 readiness initiatives that in total will account for $815 million in run rate benefits on an annual basis. We will remain on target to reach $1.2 billion in annual run rate benefits by the end of 2020.For 2019 specifically readiness has contributed approximately $250 million in accrued net benefits in line with our goal. I'm also proud that we achieved an important internal goal. As of the end of 2019 31,000 colleagues had completed our comprehensive ability to execute training since the program began. We continue to implement new innovative initiatives as a result of readiness. For example this quarter we will launch two new technologies. The first will help us more efficiently interact with our customers by providing new tools to our sales team. The second is allowing us to centralize and how to make our practice touch and tender in North America.What is even more impressive to see however is how our team has integrated readiness and its rigor and discipline into their everyday work. Our readiness evaluation and tracking system is now routinely applied to projects large and small alike. Then what else can we do to be better mindset is helping to guide actions and investments, become a part of who we are as a company which was one of our goals from the start. Now Ray will take us through our business performance. Ray.
Ray G. Young: Thanks Juan. Please turn to Slide number 5. As Juan mentioned adjusted EPS for the quarter was a $1.42 up from the $0.88 in the prior year quarter. The adjusted EPS number includes a benefit of about $0.61 per share related to the impact of the retroactive biodiesel tax credits representing an approximately 50:50 split of retroactive benefits for 2018 and 2019. Excluding specified items adjusted segment operating profit was about $1 billion up 20%. For the full calendar year our adjusted segment operating profit was approximately $3.1 billion and adjusted EPS for the full year 2019 was $3.24. Our trailing fourth quarter average adjusted ROIC was 7.5% higher than our 2019 annual WACC of 6.75%.The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2009 was approximately a positive 1% credit compared to a positive 2% credit in the prior year. The calendar year 2019 effective tax rate was 13% compared to 12% in 2018. The low 2019 tax rate is primarily due to the impact of the U.S. tax credit signed into law at the end of the year. The low 2018 rate is due primarily to the impact of favorable true ups related to U.S. tax reform. In the absence of the tax credits and specified items the effective tax rate for calendar year 2019 would have been about 19%. Looking ahead we're expecting a full year 2020 effective tax rate to be in the range of 16% to 19%.We generate about $2.3 billion of cash from operations before working capital for the year, lower than 2018. Return of capital for the full year was about $940 million including about $150 million in operating share repurchases. We finished the quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 29% up from 25% in the year ago quarter while continuing to improve from the first quarter high related to the acquisition of the Neovia. Capital spending for the year was $828 million in line with our guidance and considerably below our depreciation and amortization rate of about $1 billion as we focus on harvesting our prior investments. In 2020 we expect to continue to spend below our depreciation and amortization rate but higher than 2019 as we make investments in our business transformation program.Next slide please. Our business results were $13 million significantly above the prior year period. Captive insurance results were negative but significantly improved year-over-year. ADM Investor Services results were up versus the prior year period. For 2020 we expect claims and underwriting performance to improve for our captive insurance operations resulting in the expected other segment performance to be above $100 million for the calendar year. In the corporate lines unallocated cost of $193 million were higher year-over-year principally due to increased spending in IT and business transformation and higher benefits accrual costs. Other charges increased due to a $50 million railroad maintenance expense that had a corresponding exact benefit in tax expense partially offset by improved foreign hedging results in our intercompany funding.For 2020 corporate unallocated should be approximately $800 million with the increase from 2019 due to investments in IT, one ADM business transformation, R&D and innovation, transfers from the business segments into corporate centralized key activities, a return to normal incentive compensation accruals offset by the full year impact of savings from our workforce restructuring. Net interest expense for the quarter was lower than last year benefiting from lower short-term interest rates and proactive management of the debt portfolio despite overall higher debt levels to fund the Neovia acquisition.For 2020 we expect net interest expense for the calendar year to be slightly below 2019. Corporate results also include a $0.24 per share loss on the sale of our interest in CIP comprised of a pre-tax loss of $101 million and the $32 million tax expense. It should be noted that we received pre-tax proceeds of $210 million in December from the sale from an original investment of $38 million made in 1988. You can see more data and background on the transaction in the additional facts and information section of this slide deck. In addition in corporate there were non-cash, early retirement, and global workforce restructuring charges about $0.01 a share and a $0.04 per share LIFO charge.Next I'll discuss our business segment performance for the quarter. Please turn to Slide 7. Ag Services and Oilseeds results were higher versus the fourth quarter of 2018. Ag Services results were slightly lower year-over-year. In North America the delayed U.S. harvest contribute to lower export volumes driving lower margins. In South America results benefit from improved margins driven by good export demand and farmer selling. In crushing results were lower year-over-year. Overall margins were solid though lower than the extremely high levels in the year ago period when global margins were being supported by the very short soybean crop in Argentina.Strength in the vegetable oil market contribute to a very good canola crush margin environment in North America. Year-over-year results were impacted by negative timing effects this quarter versus positive timing impacts in the prior year quarter. Refined products and other results were substantially higher. The impact of the passage of the retroactive biodiesel tax credit for 2018 and 2019 which contributed $270 million net to segment operating profit was a major driver. However even absent a tax credit our P&L delivered its best Q4 and in fact its best full year in recent history. We continue to see strong global demand for both biodiesel and food oils. In addition the Algar Agro acquisition in Brazil contributed positively to results.Wilmar results were slightly higher year-over-year with its diversified business model performing well even with the backdrop of African Swine Fever impacting feed demand in China. Looking ahead we expect overall Ag Services and Oilseeds results to be lower in Q1 2020 than Q1 2019. Ag Services result should be in line with the year-over-year period. Crushing will be strong but still lower due to the very high crush margins driven in part by positive timing impacts in the year ago period. Our P&L should be slightly higher on continued good oil demand.We expect the impacts of the biodiesel tax credit to continue to support the biodiesel industry although the normalized impact for ADM in 2020 will be lower. For preliminary modeling purposes we assume about one sixth of the combined 2018 to 2019 impact but the actual net benefit will be a function of marketing conditions as we move through the year. Additionally we expect to see the ramp up of agriculture exports to China in the second half of the year.Slide 8 please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were lower than the fourth quarter of 2018 and similar to the third quarter of 2019. Starches and sweetener results were up year-over-year. Improvements in manufacturing costs including in Decatur corn complex helps support strong results. As it is higher income from corn -- coal products in North America. In EMEA we began to see some improvements in margin conditions but results were lower year-over-year. Wheat milling results were up around globally. Bio products results were down compared to last year's fourth quarter due to continued unfavorable ethanol conditions and some risk management hedging losses.Looking ahead in Q1 we will begin reporting the Carbohydrate Solutions business in two sub segments; starches and sweeteners and Vantage Corn Processors or VCP. VCP is our newly created dry mill ethanol subsidiary which will also market ethanol produced at our wet mills. The results of VCP will thus cover the production of the three dry mill ethanol plants and the income from distribution of wet mill produced ethanol. The starches and sweeteners sub segment will include the results of all wet mill operations including ethanol production. For the first quarter of 2020 in starches and sweeteners we expect to continue to see the benefits of our improved manufacturing costs and anticipate EMEA results to be higher than the first quarter of 2019. We expect VCP to continue to be impacted by challenged industry ethanol margins. Absent any improvement in the ethanol industry margin environment for the rest of the first quarter we will expect the Carbohydrate Solutions segment results in Q1 to be down versus Q4 2019.On Slide 9 nutrition results were substantially higher year-over-year capping off a full year of 23% OP growth in the business and record results for WILD. For the quarter WFSI results were significantly higher than the prior year period with sales 8% higher on a constant currency basis and operating profits 40% higher year-over-year. The WILD team delivered another outstanding quarter as strong sales and margins in North America, EMEA, and APAC drove positive results. In specialty ingredients lower sales and margins and emulsifiers and reduced margins in edible beans are partially offset by continued margin growth in plant based proteins. Health and wellness results were up driven largely by a new strategic agreement for fermentation capacity. We believe that our leadership position in fermentation will continue to provide benefits for ADM in the coming years as our expertise and production capability will prove extremely valuable to cutting edge companies that are looking for new sustainable ways to create a wide variety of consumer and industrial products.Animal nutrition was up substantially versus the prior year period as Neovia continued to contribute positively to results partially offset by continued weak pricing environment for lysine globally. 2019 was an impressive year of growth for nutrition and we expect that growth story to continue in 2020. For the first quarter we anticipate overall nutrition segment results will be substantially higher than the first quarter of 2019 with growth in operating profit at around 20%. WFSI should be up on a continued customer demand for our on trend ingredients and our unparalleled expertise and service. Animal nutrition will continue to benefit from our Neovia acquisition and the execution of the synergies we've identified though we expect the global lysine pricing environment to remain challenged in the quarter. In addition year-over-year comparisons will benefit from last year's first quarter Neovia purchase price adjustment on inventory costs which negatively impact the results one time. Now I'll turn the call back over to Juan.
Juan R. Luciano: Thank you Ray. Let's turn to Slide 10. Earlier this month we unveiled a new corporate identity for ADM. The new identity builds on our purpose to unlock the power of nature, to enrich the quality of life, and reflects our evolution as a company. I'm proud of what we have accomplished in the five years since we purchased WILD both in terms of our nutrition segment results including our 23% year-over-year operating profit growth in 2019 but also in the unparalleled value proposition we offer our customers. Today our ability to work with our customers operating an industry leading array of products along with expertise and innovation to help them deliver unique solutions along with ADM systems sets us apart and put us in an unequal position to meet global consumer trends. And we are building the same capabilities in our animal nutrition business.Only a year in Neovia is performing above our expectations and we remain far ahead in the timing of achieving our synergy goals. We are going to continue to deliver on that growth story and drive margin growth in that business the same as we have done with WILD. With the momentum we have in the human nutrition business the accelerating growth of our health and wellness business and the second year of Neovia as part of our animal nutrition business we expect another year of 20% plus growth in profitability in our nutrition segment in 2020. At the same time we are continuing to drive results in the Ag Services and Oilseeds and Carb Solutions businesses which are a critical value creation engines for the company. This businesses have leadership positions in their respective markets but we know we can further improve. We remain focused on capital efficiency, portfolio management, and the use of technology and analytics to help drive cost and margin improvements in those segments.Despite all our accomplishments it's important to also focus on the things that did not go as planned in our execution in 2019. Our planned improvements in Decatur, corn, and seeds complexes although substantially complete took longer than expected and their overall results in 2019 were well behind their targets. Our new centralized Operations Center of Excellence will help make sure the plant improvements are implemented more effectively going forward. And despite the impressive results we have achieved with some of our recent investments, those growth projects have not reached their full potential. That is why in 2020 we are going to start to pivot our readiness focus initially placed more on efficiencies so we are harvesting our investments and driving commercial improvements and revenue growth.So as I look ahead to 2020 and beyond I see significant opportunities. We feel that external conditions should improve in the back half of the year particularly as it impacts from the Phase 1 agreement between the U.S. and China take hold. Nevertheless we are planning conservatively and focused on driving our own results for the year. We are focused on opportunities for business improvement including our ongoing strategic review of our dry mills and addressing lysine. We are advancing readiness and there is still more to harvest from our recent growth initiatives. We will be acting on all of these opportunities in 2020 while remaining focused on disciplined capital allocation and M&A as we continue to drive towards our 10% long-term ROIC objective.With all of these factors and without taking into account the benefits of the biodiesel tax credit we are targeting the delivery of pretax improvements of $500 million to $600 million in 2020 compared to 2019. Looking beyond 2020 as we continue to advance our strategy I am excited by the growth opportunities offered by evolving consumer trends and by the improvements and efficiencies we are continuing to execute across ADM. With that Jack please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson: Yeah, good morning everyone, thanks for taking my question. So I guess the first question here is when you look at -- obviously you've -- we've had biodiesel tax credits coming back into the market. Would that ultimately help your oil demand in 2020 and be more of a tailwind to your crush margins for the year?
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah, we are very positive about the oil demand into the year. We've seen demand outpacing capacity or production for most of the eight oils. We've seen Eric biodiesel not only the support of the tax credit in North America but also biodiesel mandates going up around the world. We are also seeing good demand for food oils and we're seeing a decline in the production of palm oil due to weather and fertilizer applications, so that has been tightening the market. So we've seen oil prices coming up. And also remember that we had a small rapeseed crop in Europe so that's also tightening little bit the balances. So I think that the oil story will support crush going into 2020 is our view.
Eric Larson: Yeah, thank you. And then -- thank you Juan for that. And then just a little more flavor, I've been anticipating with the Phase 1 trade deal that it would be a gradual increase throughout the year but it seems to me that the setup for the fourth quarter when we're in harvest this year and hopefully we have much better conditions and much better environment to operate in, it seems like the fourth quarter setup could really be quite good because that's when our -- we're most competitive on global pricing. Is that thought process in sync with how you would look at that?
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah, the way we have estimated it for our sales is back end loaded. So the exports to China are coming in the second half of the year. So yes, we expect at the time that we have all that pressure in the system. This export will come and that could improve margins by that point in the Q4 of 2020.
Eric Larson: Okay, thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Juan R. Luciano: Thank you Eric.
Operator: Thank you. Ben Bienvenu with Stephens Inc. Your line is open.
Ben Bienvenu: Thanks. Good morning everyone. I want to ask starting on crush and in Argentina in particular. I know you guys don't have crushing operations there but that's a pretty dynamic market, obviously experiencing significant financial distress and the number of crushers that are experiencing acute financial distress, just be curious to hear how you guys think Argentina is setting up for 2020 and could that ultimately be a market where crush is constricted and helps to support a global crush environment across the other geographies?
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah, thank you Ben. Listen, as you said Argentina starts 2020 with a number of challenges that are historically economic. They need to tackle the $100 billion debt, higher levels of poverty, inflation, and the government has very little room to maneuver so they have implemented all the export taxes. And as such the farmers are taking a very defensive position. So the farmers at this point in time they've sold a lot of grain in anticipation of export taxes. And today as an Argentine you cannot buy dollars to hedge against your devaluation. So basically you need to hold to the grain. So I think that the farmer will focus on financial management and cash flow management during the year. So they sold a lot in anticipation of the export taxes and they're going to be a reluctant seller for the rest of the year.So you're going to see and we're seeing right now the impact of that of Argentina being less of a export in the meal we see in the U.S. meal going into Europe recently whether it is Spain or Germany. Also going to Philippines so U.S. meal being the most competitive feed for places where non-traditional and traditional export markets for the U.S. So yes, we see these if we were to continue to be supportive of crush margins in North America and Europe for that matter.
Ben Bienvenu: Great, and I'd like to switch gears to the starches and sweeteners business. You talked about some improvement in co-products values that you've seen, I will be curious to hear kind of your outlook in the backdrop of the potential for U.S. China trade improving, that being supportive of the product values, and then also if you could provide any commentary on how the contracting season fared for 2020 and kind of what our expectations should be looking out to this year for pricing on the sweeteners basket?
Ray G. Young: Ben on the co-product value, a lot of this has been driven by the demand for vegetable oils or corn values have gone up and so that's really supported our overall core products from that business. As we kind of think through the rest of the year we do believe that with the contracts completed we will be able to maintain the margins that we had through the negotiations. Our overall starches and sweetener performance improvements will be directly a result of things that we can control.So the recovery of the Decatur, some of the improvements we are doing over in EMEA, there is recovery in sugar prices over in Europe as well so lot of both factors will help drive improvements in our starches and sweetener business in 2020 compared to 2019.
Ben Bienvenu: Thanks so much.
Operator: Tom Simonich with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Tom Simonich: Good morning everyone. So you mentioned the benefits of Phase 1 will be back end loaded this year, but can you just give us some more details on exactly how the agreement has altered your outlook for regional soy crush margins and U.S. exports of soybeans and ethanol? And if you can rely on your latest assumptions around FX, that would be helpful?
Juan R. Luciano: When we look at oilseeds, in general crush margins I would say, from an Oilseeds and Ag Services perspective as I explained to Eric before, we think that the exports will be backend loaded. So from an export elevation margins, if you will, that's where we think it's going to happen. From a crush perspective, we are positive in general to crush. The demand has been very good so far and I would estimate rates for meal had in the range of 3% to 4% for the U.S. So we feel good about that. As I mentioned, we've seen record weekly soybean meal exports recently to Spain, Germany, and the Philippines and that will be supportive of crush margins here in the U.S.So we think that meal bases will remain strong and even if all these China purchases come, we should be able to offset that potential bases gain for soybeans. Europe we have seen soy margins have firmed in recent weeks and they are in the $30 to $40 per metric tons a little bit on the Argentine not being that aggressive into Europe. And of course, grape margins are under pressure since we have a small grape, a small grape crop there. When we see China margins have been steady, around $30 to $35 per ton. Crush has been robust. Meal demand actually has been surprisingly resilient mostly on more feeding to hogs, but also in poultry and aquaculture that requires a lot of soybean meal. I would say if I go to Brazil, we have pretty good margins in Brazil. These are the best margins we've seen in quite some time in Brazil, mostly due to all the exports that are going to China. So with ASF, we've seen all those slaughterhouses exporting a lot to China so that that keeps a very robust demand there in Brazil.We have seen margins dropping in Paraguay to maybe -- crush margin to maybe $20, mostly because we've seen Argentine crushers go into to Paraguay to procure beans. So that has been the biggest, if you will, a negative impact that this Argentine situation we have had in crush margin. So that's how I see the world right now. With respect to ASF, we think that probably the worst is a little bit behind us in maybe 2019. The scenario developed a little bit as we predicted or as the experts predicted in which we saw that protein gap of maybe 20 million tons being filled mostly with imports and we see Brazil being very aggressive filling up those imports and we see the crush margins impact of that. We've seen also China reacting to that with more chicken and aquaculture and we see the crush margins there as well. We think that we're going to see the impact of U.S. exporting as well now with the Phase 1, because although U.S. exports grew it was still relatively small given that there were still import tariffs in place.So we see a progressive shift in the industry in China towards more professionalized farming in that regard and that used more soybean meal. So we see that as a positive. But we expect also for imports to continue our more elevated rates than in the past, even on a long term basis. So we expect the recovery over 2021 and 2022 becoming normal, but the new normal will be slightly different.
Tom Simonich: That's very helpful. Thank you. And if we just switch to U.S. corn exports, the USDA is forecasting 2019-2020 exports down 14% but shipments are running down 53% today. When do you expect the U.S. corn exports to turn a corner and maybe you can just discuss the factors that have contributed to the weakness up to this point and we're hearing there have been some quality issues with this year's corn crop in the U.S. and if that is true, how is that impacting ADM mobility?
Ray G. Young: Yeah, I would say with respect to the corn question of when we are becoming more competitive is right now. Right now we're becoming more competitive and I think that for the next two or three months window, the corn is -- the U.S. corn is the most competitive in the world. So you're going to see those exports pick up right now. With regards to quality yes, there are quality issues with these late crop and we're working through that. Quality is an issue, not yet a huge issue but it's an issue that at one point in time we could start driving farmers selling basically to get those products out of the pile.
Tom Simonich: Thanks very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning guys. I actually want to touch base on the $500 million to $600 million improvement. How much of that improvement actually is harvesting investments or savings coming down to the bottom line?
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah, I would say that if you remember how we build this kind of algorithm, this kind of math. We were going to have, we had in 2019 about $125 million of very unusual weather events. We normally have weather events, but this was one in the 40 years kind of event. So we're counting $125 million hopefully with more normalized weather we will not have. Then we have all these leakages that we will fix indicator, we will fix the lysine, we will fix Golden Peanut and some of those leakages we didn't complete, as I said before on time. And some of them have an overspill and we have an opportunity to get an extra maybe 50 million or a little bit north of 50 million in terms of leakages. Then we have the interventions that we made last year, the restructuring. There was about $200 million of potential savings but we captured only $80 million last year. So $120 million are coming in full fruition in 2020.Then we have the readiness that's going to contribute give or take another $250 million like they contributed this year. You know something between $200 million and $300 million, just $250 million to make it easy. And then we have the harvesting of some of the investments that we made and that's originally we have said something around the 100 million to 150 million. It is probably going to be a little bit higher than that since we underperformed a little bit on that in 2019.So those kind of kind of the algorithms, so that's where we feel comfortable Ken because these are things that we have invested already for. We just need to bring them to the P&L. Readiness is a pipeline of project that we have identified, not that we need to come up with those projects, we just need to execute into that. The interventions, I mean these are things that we normally transition into. And the leakages are well controlled. The Decatur plan has the highest scoring grind in two years in December. Our wood milling has been having great yields also in the Q4. Golden peanuts and Three Nuts is working well. So we feel good about our algorithm I would say.
Ken Zaslow: So you are not really actually incorporating a material improvement in actual underlying fundamentals. It is more internal of the 500 million to 600 million. The majority of that is still internal operating improvement. And if you were to get improvement in the trade in it exports from China, imports from China, or exports to China for ethanol, or corn or bases all that stuff that's not as much included in the numbers. Is that a fair assessment?
Juan R. Luciano: That is correct. When we plan and when we describe this number, this is all things that we can control. If we have a benefit from expansion of margins on a Phase 1 deal because of exports or other things that will be on top of these. We have planned some exports, of course, part of the deal, but we didn't plan a significant expansion of margins. We done the 500 to 600, all of the things that we can control, this scenario wouldn't change.
Ken Zaslow: My last question, if I do the math also and I do it 20% plus on the WFSI and nutrition business of the growth that's associated with that, obviously it's over indexing of the 500 to 600 relative to what the business represents as part of your core, what are the longer-term plans for that business, is that a business that should be part of ADM, is that a business that should be separated, how do you think of that as part of your portfolio, and how does it work within the portfolio or can it be a standalone to extract the incremental valuation, can you talk to that?
Juan R. Luciano: Sure yes. We are very excited, of course, about the nutrition business. If you think about the nutrition business evolution Ken and I think that I talked about the evolution because it's important in terms of the linkage with ADM if you will. This is a business that started from having specialty proteins out of oilseeds and lots of fibers and emulsifiers and other products out of corn. So these are businesses that are tied to that and they created the nutrition business. And then, of course, we added WILD flavors for human nutrition and human nutrition is, growing nicely. Then we added Neovia to complete our animal nutrition business and that's going very, very well. And now we are very excited about two development areas that we have; one is the health and wellness area with all the microbiome. And that's very synergistic with all the other stuff. That's very synergistic with human nutrition, that's very synergistic with animal nutrition as well.But we have a lot of opportunities there and running clinical trials and you saw the acquisition of Biopolis, the acquisition of Protexin, the acquisition now of Yerbalatina Phytoactives in the area of botanical. So that's an area that is going to receive a lot of attention and a lot of resources to grow. And then we have the insipient area of fermentation that Ray described before, which is all these companies that are looking for sustainable materials we are a fermentation company. We have a lot of capabilities, not only technical, but also asset wise. And that's an area that continues to grow. If you notice health and working capital 44% and I think that is still a small base, but you will continue to see.So not only we have a vibrant and growing nutrition business, but we have the roots or maybe the next nutrition business with that. So at this point in time, we continue to invest in that. We think that they are going to become the higher percentage of ADM operating profit and hopefully valuation will reflect that at the proper time. If we see that, that growth is not reflected in valuation, we will look at how to unlock that value. There are no sacred cows and you know us Ken and we're going to be very focused on unleashing that value. But at this point in time, we feel that the integration works well. We feel that the different business models don't conflict to each other. And they are very synergistic at this point. So we feel good about it.
Ken Zaslow: I really appreciate it. Thank you.
Juan R. Luciano: You're welcome.
Operator: Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yeah, hi, I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper in terms of the sweetener and starches. I know you said -- you mentioned you were going to hold, hoping to hold the margin, but maybe you could provide us any sort of update on how the high fructose corn syrup negotiations have gone?
Ray G. Young: Like we mentioned, I mean they're completed. And I think in general we're able to maintain the margins that we had last year from a gross margin perspective, which by the way are healthy, right. I mean, we have been able to sustain that over the past couple of years. Really driving the improvements, it really is to the things that we can't control. And as one indicator, we did have leakages in the Decatur complex. It took us a while in order to kind of get the complex to be running at the rate that we want to. We got that done at the end of the year, but frankly, we thought we could get done sooner in the year. So that's going to be a positive delta for us in the starches and sweetener segment. We had weather issues, as you know earlier in the year. High water conditions shut down some of our corn plants. We're hoping that doesn't repeat itself. That should be a positive delta also in terms of the starches and sweeteners segment.And then we've had some issues over in EMEA, over in Europe, whether it be at their Chamtor facility or over the Central European facilities. We've had an improvement in terms of market conditions as we move to the back part of the year. And so hopefully that will continue, that should present a positive delta also in terms of our starches and sweetener segment. So again, on things that we can control or some of the factors over in Europe, those are all positive tailwinds for our starches and sweetener business in 2020.
Michael Piken: Okay, great. And then I know it's a little bit early to tell but with the Coronavirus spreading throughout China. I mean, what impact or potential impact could that have on your business and I guess more specifically, I guess see if you could figure out a little bit between Ag Services and maybe kind of the potential Wilmar business and whatever. But just trying to understand how this might have any impact on your business would be helpful?
Ray G. Young: Yeah. So, Mike, of course, I will first go out to those guys who have been impacted by the virus and we are monitoring the situation and the safety of our employees pretty closely. Actually, ADM have donated 150,000 to the China Red Cross to help their efforts to contain the virus. At this point in time, the impact to us in ADM is it's very difficult to assess so early on. We have about 1100 employees in China, but our direct profits in China are small. Of course, our exposure is through Wilmar. Wilmar has two locations in Wuhan and of course, they are currently shut down because of Chinese New Year and we will wait for the authorities to see how those operations will come back. Shanghai is shut down until February 9th. We know that no employees from Wilmar has been infected. And, of course, since Wilmar was going to shut down for Lunar New Year, they had inventory of products. So for normal demand, we can -- they will be able to supply. We don't know exactly what's happening with distribution at this point in time within China, since the information is relatively scarce.So at this point in time Wilmar issued a press release saying that we don't expect any significant impact to their businesses. So, of course, probably people going out, that type of entertainment and dining will be reduced. So some of the bulk products may be -- bulk consumer products could be impacted in demand, but people will have to eat inside anyway. So in that sense, more the packaged foods would probably pick up a little bit. So at this point in time, we don't expect a significant impact in our business. How could that impact ADM in general, we are in a very fundamental business, which is the business of food. So I think that we will be impacted to the extent that GDP, the global GDP will be impacted and that will depend on the magnitude of that. And hopefully the very high alert and very high response of the Chinese government will contain this. So again, we are trying to make everything possible, even contributing funds to help with the containment of this virus.
Michael Piken: Thank you.
Operator: Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Your line is open.
Heather Jones: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. My first question is just as a clarification on two points. First, Ray, did you say that ANO operating income is anticipated to be flat for the full year in 2020 versus 2019 or were you referring to some sub segment of ANO?
Ray G. Young: Are you referring to Ag Services and Oilseeds?
Heather Jones: Yeah. [Multiple Speakers]. basically a full year?
Ray G. Young: No, no, we didn't provide any full year Ag Services and Oilseeds. We were saying that basically looking at for Q1 overall Ag Services and Oilseeds should be lower but Ag Services. So the Ag Services part of Ag Services and Oilseeds should be in line with the year-over-year.
Heather Jones: For Q1?
Ray G. Young: For Q1, all this is Q1.
Heather Jones: Yeah, okay. And another clarification, on your 500 million to 600 million for the year, you're not including a benefit from the BTC in that?
Ray G. Young: No, we're not. That's right. I mean, all that is excluding biodiesel tax credit impacts. So the year-over-year comparison does not have the BTC in any of it and doesn't have the BTC in 2020. Just to make it an easy comparison for you.
Heather Jones: Okay, good. And then my other question is in Argentina. So thank you for the new slides and the slide deck. They're very helpful. I was a little confused by the Argentina numbers. You're actually showing them a little lower than they were and at the time of your call for Q3 and everything we're seeing and reading and then the dynamics there with this and all. It's all pointing to higher. So I'm just wondering if there's something I'm missing or if you could just help us understand that?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. As you know we have no crushers there. But everything So you as you know, we're not the pressures there. So but -- everything we see at this point points to those near-by margins of about maybe single-digit margins. Of course, if you look at April or when you have the harvest, you're going to see more $10 to $15 maybe per ton but that's on paper right now, because right now the farmer is not selling the new crop. So we're seeing some people crushing unpriced beans and as I said, we've seen crushers going all the way to Paraguay to get the beans. So that not an inexpensive way to supply yourself. So that's what is creating the compression to be honest. But that's all we know at this point in time.
Heather Jones: But is it your anticipation that given the export taxes you mentioned earlier, these issues with the Centene and all is it your full expectation that Argentina will crush less this year or would you expect -- how are you thinking about their full year activity?
Juan R. Luciano: Yeah. I think that Argentina maybe will crash the same amount. But I think it will be difficult to convince the farmer to give away the beans. As I said, as an Argentine you can, the only way to protect yourself from inflation and devaluation is to be in dollars. And you cannot buy more than $200 today. So if you sell your crop, you cannot buy dollars. So people are holding to the crop because the crop preserves the value in dollars. So unless the government does something different and changes the conditions that they are today, today the farmer will be a hoarder of their grain for the rest of the year. So my point is you will have to pay up because the farmer will only sell it when the prices are impossible to ignore. So that that's kind of my view at this point in time.But, things are very dynamic Heather. I mean, it's so difficult to project a year in Argentina. So I would say that's the situation right now. By the end of March, Argentina concludes or supposed to conclude the negotiations why they are mapping double structure in the debt, that will be very important time to assess the year for Argentina, because then you're going to know what could be done from a government perspective. At this point in time there's very little room to maneuver and it's very difficult to predict in a highly political environment.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you so much for the color.
Juan R. Luciano: You're welcome, Heather.
Operator: Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: I think. Good morning. Juan, I think you said that China took in about 20 million metric tons of soybean meal. I couldn't tell if that was all from Brazil or a lot from Brazil. As the U.S. becomes a bigger part of the export market after Phase 1 do you think it's kind of a zero some game where Brazil exports less, or do you think that overall China is just going to have to export or import more based on the timing of the herd rebuilding? And then I have a follow up.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. Let me clarify it Rob. I didn't mention that the U.S. and soybean meal to China. I said two things. I said that the U.S. has been exporting meal to nontraditional destinations like Spain and Germany and Philippines. And then I said that the soybean meal demand in China has been resilient because of feeding more pigs and actually posted growth and aquaculture growth there, so sorry if I confused you with all those things. Regarding shifting between Brazil and Argentina, Brazil and the U.S. listen, I do believe that China intends to comply with the Phase 1 conditions of the deal. So in that sense, that has to come at the expense of Brazilian exports. So I think to a certain degree it is going to be a zero-sum game in which Brazil will export less if the U.S. will export more to China.
Robert Moskow: Got it, okay, I'll get back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Steven Haynes: Thank you guys. Thanks for taking my question. I think SG&A on a GAAP basis was up close to a 100 million. Are there any kind of onetime items in there or is that just the year-over-year comparison this year with Neovia being in the results now, so how should we be thinking about the SG&A kind of on an underlying basis is what I'm getting at?
Ray G. Young: Yeah, you're exactly right. And when you think about comparison, I'd look at GAAP SG&A on a year-over-year basis. There's been an actually the acquisitions that we've made Neovia, SCC Ziegler. Basically the SG&A cost actually come into the 2019 GAAP statements. So that that accounts for the majority of the increase that we've seen in SG&A which also had some investments in IT and the business transformation and then that's partially offset by the savings that we've had regarding our workforce restructuring. The other thing to note is SG&A when we start bringing in more the nutrition business into ADM, naturally the SG&A will go up. This is a S component associate with nutrition on SG&A. So as our business mix continues to move towards more nutrition, you will see a little bit more on the SG&A line and that's primarily driven by the S part of it.
Steven Haynes: Thanks guys.
Operator: Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Hi, good morning. I was hoping Juan and Ray if you could talk a little bit on the corn side, just where we are on the strategic review advantage and just help us think about kind of the process there and what you see as the pathway to maybe separating that business over time and just in time on there?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. So I think the team has done a good job on creating the wholly owned subsidiary, VCP that was launched on December 1st, as a sub segment of Carbohydrate Solutions. I said it publicly and we're still discussing with a few parties. I can characterize those discussions in an advanced stage. So hopefully we will get to a resolution on that. We have a couple of alternatives, different type of deals that we're looking at. In the meantime, we think that some things have clarified itself since the last time we talked or at least presented a little bit of a better medium term perspective for this business. Of course ethanol is included in the Phase 1 agreement with China. So that's encouraging news.We have seen recently the courts issue on the SRD waivers. And that's a positive, that spike brings today that that happens is it sets a good precedent. And we have seen also sugar prices come up over 20% since September, which is another important thing, as you know, that ethanol competes with sugar in Brazil for the production of that. So I think some encouraging signs for the medium term. And there are a lot of despite the short-term difficulties, there seems to be significant interest in various parties to gain scale of economies. And you know we have the largest dry meals out there. So this is very important for consolidation place. So we're still optimistic about getting something done.
Adam Samuelson: Right, that's very helpful. Then just a quick one for Ray on the unallocated corporate expense going up to $800 million, anyway you can kind of just some of the key pieces of that year-on-year increase. I think you noted you're going to take some cost out of segments, specifically, how much is that and where will that be coming out? Just so we're clear and moving this?
Ray G. Young: Yeah. I mean, basically going up by roughly $150 million but I mean, a lot of it is the business transformation whereby we're making the investments so we are putting in the S for us investment into the company. So that's going to be a chunk of it. R&D ventures, we continue to invest in innovation, which is very important for the company. And then centralization. As we centralize global operations, as we centralized purchasing, as we centralized some of the global business services. That's going to be a shift in costs from the business units over to the central at corporate allocated. So those are the main components of why the number will be going up overall.
Adam Samuelson: Alright, super, I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: And we have time for one final question. Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson: Okay, thank you everyone. Just two really quick follow-ups. One, so funds for one. The nutrition business is really kind of a fall into Ken's question. The nutrition business is really starting to hit full stride here. Consistent with your comments that what happened several years ago and I think your goal is that or your belief is that this division can be as much as 25% of total corporate profits. So if you look at last year's number of your total segment profits, that's roughly a double from here at some point. Can you share with us your thoughts as to the cadence of how that would come over without obviously giving no guidance per say, but how does that flow of earnings look for you over, let's say, the next two to three years for nutrition?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. The objective is still there to get nutrition to be about 25% OP. Of course, we don't want to do it by reducing the OP of other businesses. So that's why we focus on how much nutrition grows year-over-year. You heard Ray saying before we grew operating profits, 68% in the quarter and 23% year-over-year. So basically every year nutrition is kind of high in the quarter to the year, if you will, which is very impressive. We plan to do it the way we build it so all the way to now. So every now and then, we have a major acquisition that we did with Wild Flavors in 2014, then we did Neovia in 2018. So it was four years apart. In the meantime, in the in between, we did some bolt on, we did some organic growth and we're going to do the same based on our capital allocation and our returns discipline. So we are very, very mindful of that and we want to stick to that.So think about it again, our three main thrusts; one is human nutrition. That will continue to grow aggressively more than the market. Then we have animal nutrition. That's the same with the Neovia boost and the margin improvement story there. And then we have where we are probably going to be putting more money is the area of health and wellness and the area of fermentation. Those are the areas that are growing very fast. But they are still very, very tiny today. And that's where you're going to see the acceleration. But I would say that the strategy will not change significantly in the sense that we're going to have some transformational deals every now and then. But then bolt ons and organic growth and that's the way we build it. We expect to get to 25%, if that's the question probably within the next three to four years.
Eric Larson: Okay, perfect. Thank you for that insight. And then one final question, this is for Ray. Ray, you took a large asset impairment charge in the quarter, where did that charge come in, was it ethanol assets?
Ray G. Young: No, no, it is mainly Ag Services, Oilseeds assets. As we -- we kind of help, there is a term we use precision EVA whereby we're looking at all the assets very carefully, determining what makes sense for us to keep, sell or fix or basically dispose. And so we took some charges related to some vessels, oceangoing vessels, we took some charges related to some businesses that we're going to divest. And we took some charges related to some operations which, we're going to restructure. So I view it as part of the overall precision EVA that Ag Services and Oilseeds team is working on right now.
Eric Larson: Okay, thanks for the clarity. We'll talk soon.
Juan R. Luciano: Thank you Erich. And now if you would Go ahead Jack.
Operator: The Q&A session has now ended. I would now like to turn the call back to Victoria de la Huerga for final remarks.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you for joining us today. Slide 11 notes upcoming investor events in which we'll be participating. And as always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes the ADM fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. de la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Jack. Good morning, and welcome to ADMs third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of todays webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the Companys safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry condition, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its report on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in its presentation and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC report. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events.On todays webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and important actions we are taking to meet our strategic goals. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results as well as the drivers of our performance. Then Juan will discuss our forward look, and finally, they will take your questions.Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.77, down from $0.92 in the prior year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $764 million. Our team delivered solid results this quarter.We stayed focused on the levers we could control advancing our strategic plan despite the difficult external environment. North American grain export volumes and margins remained limited. Crush margins were part of the record high 2018 levels and ethanol industry margins remained challenged. Despite all of these, we delivered the performance consistent with the perspectives we provided last quarter, including the strong year-over-year growth in our nutrition business.Throughout the quarter, we continued to deliver on our strategic plan. In our optimize pillar we are successfully capturing synergies offered by the midyear combination of our Ag Services and Oilseeds business. By looking at the combined value chain of the new business, we've identified a wide range of opportunities to improve capital efficiency.We have already executed more than $200 million of capital reduction initiatives. As part of our ongoing efforts to optimize our U.S. origination footprint, we completed our previously announced transaction with Cargill to exchange grain elevators in Illinois and Indiana. We also celebrated the opening of our new state-of-the-art mill in Mendota, Illinois, an important milestone in our ongoing process of replacing older, higher cost plants with more efficient facilities.And as we anticipated earlier this year, we're starting to see the positive impact of the measures we took to improve the long-term reliability of our Decatur complex. In our drive pillar, we are continuing to see growing benefits of the improved analytics, technologies and processes we put in place after we launched Readiness last year.We're implementing innovative uses of AI, machine learning and robotic process automation across the Company to do everything from identifying and solving IT issues to reducing costs and improving efficiencies in our global business services center to helping our customer-facing teams, meet needs with more speed and flexibility.On the organizational redesign we completed in the first half of the year, including transforming our IT foundational services and centralizing our global operations organization is delivering higher service levels at lower costs. In our expand pillar, a key element of our growth strategy is focusing on major global trends, trends that have the potential to fundamentally change markets and in which we are solidifying our global leadership position.The first of those game-changing trends is one we see in the headlines every day now, flexitarian diets. ADM has a rich history of a leader in plant-based meat alternatives. Today, our full pantry of great tasting, innovative flavors, ingredients & solutions make us the provider of choice for customers looking to grow with this fast moving market.Our new plant protein facilities in Campo Grande, Brazil and Enderlin, North Dakota are supporting the increased demand from our global customer base. And in the third quarter, we entered into a partnership with the world's largest beef patty producer to co-develop and produce a 100% alternative protein burger that is now being offered in Brazil.Another major global trend is nutrition for health. We are capitalizing on our investments in Biopolis and Protexin with the goal of building a leadership position in science-based microbiome solutions for human and animal health. There are tremendous opportunities here, such as our recent announcement of promising results from clinical trials of our probiotics for skin health.Another growing trend is sustainable materials. Our long-standing expertise and technology and fermentation and our research and development capabilities give us industry-leading abilities to provide the review of feedstocks and underpin the creation of innovative sustainable progress.Last year in partnership with DuPont, we opened the world's first production facility for SBME, which has applications as a sustainable replacement for plastics. On last month, we announced an agreement with LG Chem to develop sustainable super-absorbent polymers. This is a growing earlier and we plan to continue to expand our presence on it.Please turn to Slide 4. Readiness continues to underpin our strategic work and help drive our results. This quarter our list of completed initiatives has grown to 218 which taken together will account for about $515 million in run rate benefits on an annual basis. We remain on target for our two year goal of $1.2 billion in annual run rate benefits by the end of 2020.As of the end of the third quarter, Readiness have contributed close to $200 million in 2019 in year accrued results. We are confident we will reach our goal of $250 million to $300 million of accrued benefits by the end of this year. Finally, more than half of our global workforce of 40,000 has now completed our comprehensive ability to execute or aid to retraining since we began the program.This training is a critical part of Readiness. It lays the foundation for the permanent culture change that we're working to instill to make our Company better. In some ways, we are entering a new phase of Readiness. We are moving on to a more complex to more complex projects that will take longer to complete, but will deliver more fundamental changes to how we run our Company.And while external conditions in 2019 are impacting overall results, the benefits we're seeing from readiness are real. And more importantly, they are long lasting. These changes will make ADM better for the long run.I'll discuss Readiness more later. Now, Ray will take us through our business performance. Ray?
Ray Young: Please turn to Slide number 5, beginning this quarter, we are simplifying the financial information that I will be speaking to, on our calls. However, all the data we have included in the past will be included in the appendix of our quarterly slide deck. As Juan mentioned adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.77, down from the $0.92 per share in the prior year quarter.Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $764 million down 11%. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC was 6.5% slightly below our 2019 WACC of 6.75%. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2019 was approximately 19% in line with the range of guidance we provided last quarter.For the full year, we continue to expect an effective tax rate in the range of 17% to 20%, which was our initial guidance. We generated about $1.7 billion of cash from operations before working capital in the first nine months of the year, slightly lower than the prior year period. Return of capital for the first nine months was about $740 million, including about $150 million in opportunistic share repurchases throughout the year to offset dilution.We finished the quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 30% up from the 27% in the year ago quarter and continuing to improve from the first quarter high relate to the acquisition of Neovia. Capital spending for the year is forecast to be around $850 million in line with our previous guidance of $800 million to $900 million.Turning to Slide 6, other business results were $47 million, significantly above the prior-year period, largely due to favorable underwriting results in captive insurance. Revised full year estimate for other will be in the $70 million to $80 million range, lower than the $80 million to $90 million. We previously guided, largely due to lower expected underwriting performance in the fourth quarter.In the corporate lines, unallocated corporate costs of $139 million were down versus the prior-year period, principally due to lower accruals for performance-related compensation and the benefits of our restructuring earlier this year. Partially offset by higher spending in IT, as part of our business process transformation investment and by Readiness-related cost.As a result we're expecting full year unallocated corporate cost to be in a range of $625 million to $650 million, significantly below the $700 million initial guidance we previously communicated. Net interest expense for the quarter was similar to last year's quarter. We continue to expect full year interest expense on a segment presentation basis to be in the range of $350 million to $375 million, down from our initial guidance of $400 million.Corporate results also include non-cash early retirement charges and global workforce restructuring charges of $47 million or $0.07 per share in the LIFO credit of $16 million or $0.02 per share. Next, I'll discuss our business segment performance for the quarter. Please turn to Slide number 7.Our newly combined Ag Services and Oilseeds business reported results that were lower than the third quarter of 2018, but up over the second quarter of this year. Ag Services results were in line with the prior year quarter. In North America improved merchandising results, particularly from ownership positions in corn and soybeans help to offset a weak U.S. export environment.South American results were higher as we capture better origination margin opportunities in Brazil compared to the previous year and export volumes from Argentina increased. Crush results were down year-over-year. Global crush margins have come down from the record high levels of last year, but our teams nevertheless delivered solid margins in North America and EMEA in the third quarter.In South America, margins were pressured by higher input costs caused by continued Chinese demand for Brazilian soybeans. Overall, our global crush margins benefited from positive net timing effects of approximately $50 million during the third quarter. Refined products and other results were significantly higher than the third quarter of 2018, largely driven by significant improvements in our golden peanut and tree nuts business. Wilmar results were lower year-over-year.Now looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect Ag Services and Oilseeds results to be substantially lower year-over-year, though performance should be stronger than the third quarter of this year with Ag Services expected to be sequentially better and crushing expected to be sequentially down.Slide 8 please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were substantially lower than the year-ago period. Starches and Sweetener results were down versus the third quarter of 2018. In North America, higher net corn costs, pressured margins, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs including the benefits of our work to improve the reliability of our Decatur corn complex.Starch volumes remained steady. In EMEA continued challenging market conditions including pressure from Turkish sweetener quotas and lower liquid sweetener prices impacting Central and Eastern European operations led to low results for the year. In wheat milling, an increase in sales volume was more than offset by lower margins due to limited opportunities in wheat procurement. Bioproducts results were significantly lower driven by high industry inventories and higher net corn costs in North America, leading to a challenged industry margin environment. Ethanol margin conditions remain negatively impacted by the lack of Chinese purchases from the U.S. and by the small refinery exemptions.Looking ahead with typical seasonal reductions in sales volumes for sweeteners and for ethanol, as well as the continued difficult conditions for the ethanol business, we expect fourth quarter results in Carbohydrate Solutions to remain challenged, but with the continued benefits of our improvements at the Decatur complex we expect fourth quarter results to be sequentially similar to the quarter just ended.On to Slide number 9. Nutrition results were substantially higher with operating profits approaching double the year ago quarter. WFSI results were significantly higher than prior-year quarter, with growth across the portfolio. Wild Flavors delivered its strongest quarterly profit ever. Sales were up 16% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Organic sales, excluding acquisitions were up 7%.In Specialty Ingredients, the protein business continue to expand powered by our leadership position in supplying solutions to meet growing customer demand for alternative proteins. Continued contributions from our growth investments in bioactives and fibers support higher results in the Health & Wellness business.Animal nutrition results were up substantially year-over-year as our Neovia acquisition continues to contribute. Vitamin additives were another strong performer, particularly coming off the year ago period when margins were significantly compressed. Lysine production is showing improvement, though market pricing has been negatively impacted by the lower global demand due to the effects of the African swine fever in Asia.With a robust pipeline of new opportunities and continued benefits from investments we expect nutrition's growth story to continue in the fourth quarter, with results once again approaching double the prior year fourth quarter profit of $62 million.WFSI should continue to benefit from increasing sales in flavors and alternative proteins solutions. Neovia will contribute to improve animal nutrition results. The results will be impacted by the Lysine production in the world markets. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to Slide 10. As Ray explained market conditions in the third quarter remained challenging. Yet we delivered what we said we would, three months ago. We pull the levers that were under our control to turning a solid performance and I appreciate the team's good work.We also continue to focus on the three key areas of our growth and returns algorithm. First, we improved underperforming businesses. Golden peanuts and tree nuts, our Decatur complex and Lysine production are all showing improved results, and we are now targeting December 1st for the launch of Vantage Corn Processors, our stand-alone ethanol subsidiary.This is an important step as we continue to evaluate the strategic alternatives for our dry mills. Second, Readiness continues to spur our efforts to make ADM a more efficient, more innovative and more customer-focused company. We are seeing some truly exciting Readiness initiatives advance in the back half of this year.For example, we've completed the pilot program in one of our Oilseeds processing facilities that utilize advanced analytics to deliver real time analysis and -- of production data, significantly increasing efficiency and quality. We're now rolling this technology out to more plans, leveraging the center of excellence structure we put into place for our global operations.We've also piloted and are rolling out an innovative data mining and analytics package that will provide our merchandising and sales teams with an important new tool set to better capture market opportunities. We're also seeing good progress and results from the third pillar of our algorithm, harvesting our growth investments.Back at the beginning of the year, we said we expected 2019, to be a breakout year for Nutrition. For the first three quarters of 2019, our Nutrition business has delivered $316 million in adjusted operating profit, just shy of the total for all of 2018. Additionally, we are delivering on our synergy targets for our Neovia integration and that business is strongly contributing to our results.And we're also seeing the benefits of growth in our core businesses, from our expanding stevedoring and destination marketing businesses to the development of new applications from our full portfolio of vegetable oils to our increasing capabilities in food grade and industrial starches.We are making good progress, however, while we believe our results this quarter were solid in the context of the external headwinds we face. Our team nevertheless is not satisfied. There is still more we can and will do to reach our returns objectives.Looking ahead, we expect some external headwinds to continue in the foreseeable future. Conditions are fluid, however external conditions, good or bad, do not change our fundamental plan. We will remain focused on taking actions under our control to improve our near term results.And we will continue to advance our strategic objectives including driving growth from the major global trends I discussed earlier. We remain confident that our strategy combined with our continued disciplined capital allocation, position us well for stronger results in 2020 and beyond.With that, Jack, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson: So, my first question is, Ray's comments on fourth quarter Ag Services. It's -- obviously we don't know your ownership position to net debt segment was actually quite a bit stronger than I had thought for the quarter. So when you look at kind of the difficult harvest maybe farmers holding pretty tight to new crop, if you're limiting some of your merchandising opportunities, how does the fourth quarter -- how does all that play into your outlook for the fourth quarter?
Ray Young: Yes, I mean, I think you're right. I mean, the general export environment remains somewhat challenge for the entire U.S. agricultural industry, but sequentially we're having a later harvest this year. So we will be procuring. I mean we have procured a lot. We will continue to procure. We will be exporting of all of the two markets outside of China.The other thing to note is that, with the wet harvest that we're having. We are anticipating to gain some significant drawing revenue as well within our business. And then also just want to remind people that, our Ag Services division really has diversified significantly. And so when you take a look at some of the other businesses such as the stevedoring business such as the global trade business, such as the destination marketing business, every year those businesses represent a greater contribution to our overall results within Ag Services.So, as I indicated in the call. I mean, we do believe on a sequential basis, Ag Services will be stronger in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter.
Eric Larson: Okay. On a year-over-year -- on a year-over-year basis, will you expect it to be flat, down, up sequentially, obviously a little bit better than Q3, but how might that compare with Q4, a year ago?
Ray Young: Yes. Versus last year, but probably be similar to slightly better directionally in that area, just speaking of what we're seeing here.
Eric Larson: Okay. So, and then the combination of crush, your crushing results and Wilmar, I would assume that Wilmar is facing some pretty tough comps in Q4. So, I would assume that, that was probably going to be down year-over-year as well, would that be a fair observation.
Ray Young: Well, we said on crush again -- so crush will be -- compared to the third quarter, crush, we expect to be sequentially down in the fourth quarter compared to third quarter. Again a lot of it will be a function crush margins kind of evolve, right, in the fourth quarter. On the case of Wilmar, I mean, Wilmar will be announced in earnings in a couple of weeks. So I think you'll have a better perspective in terms of what it means for our fourth quarter after Wilmar announces its results there.
Operator: Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Your line is open.
Ben Bienvenu: I wanted to ask a question as it relates to Argentina, given the political change there and the prospect for a potential return to elevated export taxes. Is it possible that dynamic, that constrict the exports of Oilseeds derivative products out of Argentina? So that could be a net positive for your overall crushing margins operations. I know you don't have Argentina exposure, but just curious to hear your thoughts there. And then also kind of just opposing that with potentially weaker meal demand at Philippines and Vietnam as a result of the ASF in the near term would be helpful. Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ben, so Argentina change governments and of course part of these government in their previous experience has got some export taxes for the country. The country faces significant pace of their debt going forward. So of course, the economic situation is to be consolidated. And obviously the Ag industry is one of the biggest revenue producers of Argentina.So, the possibilities there, we don't know yet, December 10th is when they take power. I will say at this point in time, what's happening in Argentina is crush is down, because basically the farmer given the results of the elections are holding to their grain. So in that sense, we see lower crush which is always helpful for profitability in Europe, I will say when crush from Argentina is low. So whether that's going to happen next year or not, and to what degree. I think we will have to wait until December 10th.Your second question was on soybean meal demand. We actually continued to see strength outside China were forecast outside China, soybean meal growth is about 3%. And although there are a lot of headlines about ASF may be expanding into Southeast Asia, we need to be mindful of the relative size of the market, like Vietnam, versus a market like China. So I think that still the discussion is about China, that is what the gap in protein is.And I will say, if you look at China and with the information we can get it feels to me that the decline in the herd has peaked or bottomed, whatever your perspective is on that. And I think that the incentives at big high prices are given and the producers are having record profits right now in China. They are starting to think about how to rebuild the herd. A lot of them have shifted. About a third of them have shifted into poultry production. That has softened a little bit decline in soybean meal, because obviously you need to feed them.And a lot of people are looking at more sophisticated meals, because the whole production is being more professionalized and standards are rising. So I think that people are looking for higher quality feed producers and high quality feed of which soybean meal is inclusive in that. There is also these big prices that we have for pork, big pork inflation has created the incentives to increase weight before slaughtering. So we're seeing higher feed on animals as well. So I think in general, we continue to be positive about soybean meal demand going forward. We don't see a significant decline.Of course, I would say, we will have the balance that rebuild of the herd in China and all these things in China are going to be positive to demand, expansion in Southeast Asia is negative to demand. But I think given the magnitude of those, we are not that concerned about the expansion in South East Asia.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, very helpful. My second question relates to the ethanol business. You mentioned the formation of the subsidiary, curious around current improvement that we've seen in stocks, production levels kind of dipped in mid-September, they've been steadily climbing back. We have a lot of idled capacity in the U.S. I'm just curious to hear your thoughts around what you think about sustainability of improved performance in the near term and then just your outlook to the extent that you can offer one in the intermediate term.
Ray Young: Yes, I think, a couple of things. As Juan indicated, we are setting up the stand-alone ethanol subsidiary as of December 1. Just for context, starting January 1, we will report Vantage Corn Processors as a separate sub-segment within carbohydrate solution. So clearly we're in the process of making sure transactions are occurring between the new subsidiary with ADM. And so we're well on our way. And the good news is we've got quite a few interested parties that we're talking to right now at the initial stages about some form of sale joint venture or other type of structure transactions. So we're along the -- well along our way there in terms of our strategic alternatives.You're correct. There has been idling of facilities, idling of production in United States with respect to ethanol, I think the ethanol margin environment this year clearly has been extremely challenging and there's real production levels have come down. And that's frankly resulted in ethanol margins in the industry improving in the month of September, after Labor Day, which by the way it's unusual because normally after Labor Day you actually see ethanol margins deteriorate.And so there has been some rebalancing of supply and demand. You point out, there is probably been an increase, a little bit of an increase in terms of production recently. We have to watch that carefully. I think what we've learned here, frankly is that when you get supply and demand a little bit more balanced, margins do improve in our industry here. And so we're looking at that very, very carefully. I think it is also important to note here in getting back to ethanol in terms of what ultimately will drive the ethanol margins higher is that we do need to drive incremental demand here.And I think the discussions right now and the U.S. trying to trade regarding ethanol are important, as a additional catalyst in terms of driving incremental demand for ethanol, which by the way, when we buy ethanol we've actually buying corn from United States. And so that's -- for the U.S. agricultural industry, this is actually a very important part of the discussions here.We also have the special refinery exemptions. We've had -- clearly have had some negative impact in 2019, but again there's further discussions in terms of that as we go forward. So I think that when you take a look at 2020. You asked the question. Can it get worse than what we've seen in 2019? It's actually very difficult to see a scenario by the industry ethanol margins in 2020 being worse than 2019, because it's been tough in 2019. I'm somewhat encouraged to seeing, idling a facility. So there seems to be a little bit more discipline within the industry right now, in terms of just trying to better match supply and demand.But again, I do believe that it is important that the U.S. ethanol industry is strong, because that results in basically the U.S. agricultural industry being strong. And so therefore, we remain optimistic that we'll get toward some solution that will drive incremental demand and hence stronger ethanol margins in the future for our industry here.
Operator: Tom Simonich with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tom Simonich: So, just following up on ethanol, could you give us your expectations for U.S. ethanol exports in 2020 with and without China?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I mean I think that 2020 scenario excluding China will be very similar to this year, which is approximately 1.5 billion gallons. I think if you include China, again a lot of it to be a function of when you get toward a trade deal and how that is phased in. We've always talked about the fact that China if they move toward an E10 national villain for the country based upon our calculations, they could easily by 1 billion gallons from United States.I mean, because the deficit is fairly significant in terms of China production relative to their overall demand. Now what number ultimately we'll get toward in terms of a trade negotiation. That's to be determined, based upon -- I suspect a phase in terms of a gallonage over time here. So again, we've always thought that the potential could be up to 1 billion gallons down the road here.
Tom Simonich: Okay. And on U.S. corn exports, volumes are down 60% in 2019, '20 marketing year-to-date. When do you expect competition to ease at current exchange rates? In the USDA projects, U.S. corn exports down 8% in this marketing year and clearly there is still a long way to go, but how realistic is that projection?
Ray Young: Well, I think that is true. Right now, U.S. corn is not that competitive relative to say, South America, I mean, we do expect that eventually U.S. corn will become competitive. Our thinking is when we get into the first quarter, it's probably a good period whereby at that juncture U.S. farmers will be looking probably to sell more of the corn, because as they start thinking about freeing up space and for next year.So I think our assumptions right now in the fourth quarter, U.S. exports in general will be all the challenge. And that's reflected in my guidance commentary here. Getting the first quarter, you believe U.S. corn will become more competitive, so that'll probably be more movements of U.S. corn. I think the fact that you're not seeing that much pool of U.S. corn in the fourth quarter. It actually is a benefit for the processors like us because there is frankly a plentiful of U.S. corn for us to actually pull in order to put into our corn processing plants. And so, from a processing business that's a benefit for us.
Juan Luciano: Then also -- Tom also don't forget with these competitiveness over Brazil, we are exhausting the inventories in Brazil and due to the dryness, soybean was a little bit late in being planted that may make -- suffering been a little bit late as well. That may extend the window for the U.S. to be competitive when Ray mentioned in Q1. So that's another possibility there.
Operator: Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research Group. Your line is open.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Heather.
Ray Young: Good morning, Heather.
Operator: Heather Jones, you line is open.
Juan Luciano: We can't hear you, Heather.
Operator: Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yes, good morning. Just wanted to dig a little bit deeper as we sort of think about the crushing environment in the U.S., I know previously you had said that potentially we could see something close to $1 margins, I guess on the board crush on the basis that if China has taken less soybean. If there is a lack of a trade agreement, I mean how do you see the market evolving, given that the U.S. pork production numbers are up and the chicken production numbers are up and yet the crush margins have been on the board at least a little bit weaker.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Michael, thank you for the question. Listen, we believe in the fundamentals of the crush margins business going forward. Of course, the market right now is trying to digest a lot of significant changes, whether it is Chinese soybean buying patterns and the U.S., the size of the U.S. crop. Some of the timing of the ASF impact that we will eventually see here. So I would say we've seen a decline in crush margins over the Q3, but we also see in that when crush margins decline, the industry react, because demand continues to be, as I said before about 3% and fundamentally sound. So we've seen already crush in Argentina taken down a little bit.We've seen some of the plants that are dedicated to export in Brazil, taking some of that capacity there. We've seen some shift in Europe also from soybean to rate, just because there is more profitability there. So I think that we see the industry adjusting. In the U.S., we continue to see our customers announcing production increases going forward, and if you think about what happened over the last two weeks, we've seen a recovery in crush margins of about $0.15 per bushel. So they are kind of climbing back to maybe the five year average. So again, I think that we knew that it could be a short term blip when China accounts for sporadic purchases of U.S. soybeans.But the fundamentals are there. And we think all these blips are temporarily best. So we feel good about our Q4. We came into Q4 with a reasonable hedge book for crush. We also have some positions into Q1. So we have visibility into what's happening, and we are fundamentally believers in the crush environment for 2020, given 3% growth, outside China.
Michael Piken: Terrific. And then just shifting gears, I know I've asked this question before. But on the Readiness initiatives, do you have any more clarity on where we might see the accrued savings, which segments, like little bit of a breakdown in -- is Nutrition getting any of it or, currently how for it would be..
Juan Luciano: Yes, no, I will say, Michael, Readiness come in several buckets as I was describing earlier. But I will say, given that a lot of those savings are coming from operations, the big businesses that own the big assets is where you see most of the benefits. So you're going to see it in corn, you're going to see it in Oilseeds and Ag Services.I would say Nutrition earnings are driven mostly from growth and the impact that our value propositions have some customers and those applications. So we are outperforming market rates and we continue to grow our EBITDA margin on sales on that and that's not readiness related. They are improving with Readiness because the whole company is get invested and executing. But it's mostly the success of our value proposition. I would say most of the Readiness efforts, you're going to see them in either corporate or corn and Oilseeds and Ag Services.
Operator: Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Steven Haynes: Hi, this is Steve Haynes on for Vincent. Just so maybe a quick question on CapEx since you mentioned that you found some more opportunity to optimize capital allocation, kind of what's the go-forward run rate for CapEx, as we think about 2020?
Juan Luciano: Yes. When we look at 2020, we're still going through the plan, but it will be in the range of maybe $800 million. So if you think about it -- that's why we've been trickling down to those levels from the $1 billion level. Depreciation and amortization, given Neovia these days is about $1 billion. So it will be a little bit under that. And we feel comfortable. We said it before that our five year plan doesn't have anything spectacular, put there is mostly harvesting plan.So you will see our CapEx in that range and it may fluctuate that we do things like one ADM and all that, but it will not fluctuate more than just $50 million or $100 million up or down depending on the year, but putting something in the range of $800 million to $850 million is reasonable going forward for us for the few years ahead of us.
Steven Haynes: Okay. And then if I could just squeeze in a follow-up, any updates on the house to you, in terms of U.S. production and maybe some early thoughts on what's going on the Southern hemisphere.
Juan Luciano: The production of what, sorry, I couldn't hear a word.
Steven Haynes: Just U.S. corn production, U.S. soybean productions and then just kind of the house view.
Juan Luciano: Yes, well, the crop is late and now harvest started and then wet conditions make it stop. And I would say the farmer right now is shifting more to harvest in the beans, and they may come back to corn later. There has been rumors in South America about weather. I will say it has rained in Argentina recently that has benefited the crops. So I wouldn't put lot of issuing to Argentine weather. Brazil, we're talking about dryness, but I live three years in Brazil, Brazil is a tropical country, it always rains. So it will catch up with that. So I would say, I wouldn't put a lot of weather into South America yet.South America, weather is more important into January, February, we will. I guess here, I think the farmer will deal with this weather and will harvest the crop -- whether the crop initial results in terms of yield, you have your favorite numbers out there, may be coming a little bit softer in terms of yield that may be initially expected but too early to tell probably, Steve.
Operator: Vincent Anderson with Stifel. Your line is open.
Vincent Anderson: Yes. Thank you. I appreciate your earlier commentary on African swine fever, but I was hoping you could talk about maybe what has surprised you the most in terms of how the situation has played out over the course of 2019, and how you're positioning yourself now and specifically, have you continue to see feed mills closing in China, given the somewhat more sustained demand that we've seen in feed than maybe we initially expected.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Vincent. I would say the thing that surprises the most probably is, maybe we -- without the acceleration of growth of production outside China was going to be faster its taking some of these countries, whether it is Brazil and all that, a little bit of time to grow their chickens and all that. So I would say, we didn't see right now the extra impact you now we're crushing compounds about that extra demand that we are expecting. We think we're going to see that in 2020, but it didn't happen in the second half of the year.I still maintain, what I said in the second quarter of our earnings call that second half for us will be stronger than first half. And we have line of sight on that and I can say that with confidence. So that hasn't changed. I would say in China, we see this structural shift into more professionally driven farms and productions.That as I said, is going to be a positive for us. We have not shut down any of our plans, and we are planning to, because we think that sophisticated feed rations and sophisticated feed producers like us will be seek to help the industry getting out of these. China will have to produce again and certainly we will not do it in the same conditions that they've done it today because that had broaden ASF.So we feel there is a lot of work to do and we're working closely with our Chinese counterparts in that. I would say outside China, I think that given the conditions are different, although the disease has spread. I think that the ability to discount is to control the disease is better than what China has. So, the disease can impact your country and you're going to still continue to produce and continue to be an export that we have seen it with Europe for many years. So we are a little bit more positive about that.And as I said at the beginning is that there is magnitude between what happened in South East Asia versus the amount of pork that is produced in China. It makes it just a China discussion at least from my perspective.
Vincent Anderson: Great, thank you. And just staying on the topic of ASF we've read studies showing that the virus has a pretty decent half-life and contaminated feed, how exposed is your global feed network right now to potentially being part of the viruses spread. Are you situated now in any countries with ASF in terms of your feed production assets or are those assets really only moving feed, between other infected areas?
Juan Luciano: Yes, that's a very good question, because we need to be very vigilant. So it makes for that nobody contributes to the spread of this disease. We see the spreads, because people move either pork, people move food around countries. I would say in the feed side, I mean we have extreme care in making sure as I said that feed doesn't grow into areas where, from areas with disease to areas without the disease, and without the proper care. So I would say we have extreme measures on that. As we have a extreme measures on everything we touch, I mean we are a food company, so quality and preservation of the value chain and value integrity, if you will, is paramount to us. So very much on top of our agenda.
Vincent Anderson: Thanks. And actually if I could sneak in just a real quick follow-up, how strong would you say your feed mitigant portfolio is right now and is that a place you see yourself making incremental investment if a vaccine is truly years off, like some experts are saying.
Juan Luciano: We expect our feed business is part of our growth in the Nutrition division. Of course, so you saw our investment in Neovia, significantly expanding our footprint in Asia. So we have very big prospects for that. And we understand, as you're pointing it out at the ASF will be a multi-year impact in the industry. So we think we're going to have to work together with our Chinese counterparts to bring new technologies and more sophisticated feeds and systems into the country and we are ready to do so.
Operator: Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I wanted to do a little checking on the Neovia acquisition. And just a math here like you paid $3 billion for WILD, and it looks like the returns are good on that acquisition. It's $360 million of operating profit or so, but Neovia you paid $1.8 billion. It looks like maybe $30 million of operating income per year right now. I think when you bought it, it was earning over $100 million. Can you please correct me if my math is wrong and if not maybe tell us again, is there, has there been a step backward on this business in year one after the acquisition?
Ray Young: I think, Rob, I think that when you look at soybean, Nutrition line, you could be careful because, lysine, as Juan indicated, which is part of the animal nutrition line, it's actually suffering from the impact of excess lysine, the world due to ASF. And so there is a negative number in the animal nutrition line which kind of mass -- kind of the benefits of Neovia.So when we look at Neovia relative to our deal model, it's basically in line with our deal model in the first year. Again we closed one month later. We also had some adjustments due to inventory, due to PPA, but you take that out of the consideration. It's in line with their deal model right now. And so when we look out into the future, especially given that the cost synergies are coming in a lot faster than what we thought. We feel good about the acquisition in terms of the context of our financial objectives including return objectives right now.
Robert Moskow: Where your return objectives more stringent on Neovia or more liberal than for WILD?
Ray Young: They're consistent. I mean, we always said that's important on the strategic acquisitions that by the time we get to year three that we're earning in excess of our cost of capital.
Operator: Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. I was hoping you guys could comment a little bit on the outlook in starches and sweeteners. And just maybe any thoughts on how the contracting season is progressing and more broadly, the impact of some of the dislocations in corn basis, co-products and late harvest and how that's impacting kind of the business and how you think about some of the improvement from your own operations that you should be having going into 2020.
Juan Luciano: So, a lot to wrap up in the question. So I would say, let's start with the contracting season, I mean is going as expected. I think there is no, I mean, I think everybody wants to see what's happening with corn and how the planting goes. So it may be a little bit more, may be a little slower than other years, but is progressing along and is ongoing, so we normally comment as you know in our next earnings call. So when we talk at the end of January or February on this and the results of that is going OK.I would say this quarter, it was a tough quarter for carbohydrate solutions in general. You saw that we have higher corn costs, higher corn costs than normally by this time of the year we will see a little bit more of a break -- given the harvest. And this year we see maybe a little bit better or may be basis break in a little bit more on the West than then maybe in East.I would say the biggest drivers this quarter of the shortfall, if you will have been higher corn cost, which were offset a little bit by better manufacturing costs, given the improvements that we then indicated, but not completely. And then some issues that we have in Europe, we have a business in Europe that has been affected by the Turkey sweeteners quota. And that's probably something that maybe you didn't have that much visibility as you look at the numbers from the outside.I think from a volumes perspective, volumes have evolved as expected I would say, sweeteners, remain consistent with what we've been communicated in which year-to-date, they are down less than 2%. When we look at starches, this is a better story and starches story is, our volumes were basically flat, because we are out of capacity, but we've been able to play with the product mix and shift time of that to the higher value margins. And so, we have expanded margins and of course, of our announcement of the repurposing of Marshall. So, to be able to shift some of our 42 capacity into starches, just because of the growth that, and the opportunities we seen in that, especially in the food area.So all in all, we continue to be positive about this business. Sweeteners and starches or starches and sweetener is a very solid type of business and we get good returns here. So we are positive about it.
Ray Young: Adam, just to give a perspective, I know like on a quarter-to-quarter basis were down $38 million in starches and sweeteners compared to last year, but it's important get to context. I mean, milling last year we had some very strong procurement gains. This year, we have smaller procurement gains. And so the milling divisions were down about $10 million. And then on the corn starches and sweeteners, the majority of the other variance actually relate to European operations as Juan indicated. We're down in North America a bit due to just higher net corn costs.But the majority of the variance is really attributable to more of the EMEA operations, which is again a lot of this deal in the Turkish quota situation, is just due to the European sugar prices, which by the way is starting to recover right now, so there is a lot of transitory issues that are in Europe, which are going to pass here.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That color is really helpful. And then just second for me. Last quarter you had kind of talked about give or take $500 million of operating earnings improvement potential in 2020 from the readiness initiatives and normalizing of production at the Decatur and the absence of just the absence of some of the flooding in the North American weather, the spring, does that guidance or that view still hold, that opportunity still in front of you.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think Adam we like to present it that way because those are things under our control. And those are not forecast, but actually plans that our actions behind those things. So we continue our -- and probably with the exception of the weather that we hope that is not going to be as exceptional as it was this year. But part of that is to continue to fix the leakages of the issue that we have indicator on lysine that we work, we are finalizing that, but we're not going to have those issues in the 2020.We're going to have the full run rate of some of the organizational changes we have this year and we are controlling that pretty tightly. So it's going to happen. As I described before, I think Readiness, we're going to have another $600 million of run rate increments. And we have those, we have the process, so we don't need to invent anything. We just need to move the project along. And then we have all the incremental harvesting from M&A and the growth and you saw the results of Nutrition this quarter.And you're going to see similar jumps in Nutrition as we go forward, we look at Q4 even Q4 for Nutrition, we think the possibility of also about doubling the results of Q4 last year. So when you have almost two consecutive quarters of doubling. You can think of what is the potential for next year. So we feel very good about that number of maybe $500 million to $600 million improvements that are under our control come into the P&L next year.
Operator: Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research Group. Your line is open.
Juan Luciano: Heather?
Heather Jones: Hi.
Ray Young: Hi, Heather.
Heather Jones: Sorry about that, I had to go back and forth, between two calls at a time.
Juan Luciano: No problem.
Heather Jones: I know we're near the end. So I'll try to make this quick and I apologize if somebody has already asked you this. But you mentioned higher corn costs for the starches and sweeteners business, but was just wondering if you could give us any early color you have about, how you think basis is going to be trending for next year, given the late harvest and continued weather issues and all, like what are your thoughts on basis for next year?
Ray Young: Yes, I mean basis as Juan commented, basis is actually fairly high. I mean, particularly on the East Coast, the eastern part of United States, the western side has come off a little bit but again on a -- when you look at it from a seasonal perspective, we've got extremely high basis compared to historical norms. Our -- I mentioned that part of the reason why our third quarter and North American sweetener results were slightly down versus last year is just due to the fact that we had higher net corn costs, we normally hedge a lot of it, but there is a certain portion we don't hedge. And so for the unhedged portion we incurred some higher costs.As we kind of look forward, we do believe at some juncture, corn will get commercialized. I mean the crop is out there, it's a late harvest. I mean remember only 41% of the U.S. corn has been harvested right now versus five year average of 60%. So it is the late harvest, but some juncture that the harvest will occur, there will be accumulation. And at some juncture there'll be commercialization, especially as U.S. corn becomes more competitive in the world markets. And so the timing of when basis will break. Is it going to be, latter part of the fourth quarter? Is it going to be the first quarter? To be determined, at some juncture we do believe that there will be a break in the basis here. And that will benefit the originators like us.
Heather Jones: And my final question is just ASF and one of the times when I was on the call I heard Juan mentioning that there, given the margins in China and all there is some producers that are trying to expand. And I was just wondering if you could add further color on that. Because like Vietnam, continues to have recurrent breaks China is having recurrent breaks. So it's like wondering if you could qualify the magnitude you're seeing there.And then secondly if you could give further color on when you expect the benefit to show, and 2020 because of the trade issues, the impact on U.S. producers has been delayed and like do you expect that expansion start in early '20 or do you think that's going to happen more in late '20 and just if you could give us some more details on that.
Juan Luciano: So difficult to speculate in all these -- but I would say, given the information we have on the ground in China, we do know that producers are increasing the weight of the peaks before slaughtering. We do know that -- we certainly know we have data from our team that about one-third of the producers have shifted to poultry production given the opportunity there.And we do know that the incentive, that price is providing to some of these producers, especially for the more industrial ones, they are starting to rebuild the herd. Those were, they ones that were preserved the most, if you will, and less impacted and they have better sanitary conditions. Very difficult for me to put any numbers beyond these Heather in terms of what, what we know, because it's a large country with many operations like this.In terms of the impact to us, I would say we're going to see the impact in 2020. We're starting to see the impact in Brazil or in Europe. I think the impact on the U.S., I mean, you see our customers haven't getting ready whether is getting rid of -- I mean or getting ready to export, it will depend on what's happened with the 62% tariff that China is imposing to that, if they want to get rid of with that, if they want to issue a tariff exemption, or is there is, this is part of the Phase 1 deal, we will have to see, it's difficult to handicap.I would say we will see it in Europe and South America certainly started on the first half, whether we see in North America will depend on the geopolitics of all these which I want handicap at this point.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning. I know there's been a lot of questions asked about this, but just, is there a way to just frame how much the delayed harvest has actually impeded your profit in 2019?
Ray Young: I guess that's a complicated -- complicated question.
Ken Zaslow: I know, and someone have.
Ray Young: There is just other factor, right. Impact is whole, it's not just a supply issue, in terms of us procuring the crop. It is also demand since the China is not really aggressively in the market here. So it's a complicated issue, to say that just because of a delayed harvest, it has this much impact. I do think that, Ken, the way we kind of think about it is that eventually the harvest will occur, eventually we're going to be procuring all the products, eventually United States is going to be competitive in corn and soybeans. And so, eventually we will be moving the crop out to the world markets here.
Juan Luciano: I think, Ken, the way I tend to think about it is sometimes is not that much the volume or the delay in the harvest is, what that does to the farmers market in beef pattern, if you will. And I think what it does today, since they don't know the size they're holding to the grain. And that's where the impact comes, that's where we're having high basis today when we should -- basis should break more at the harvest, but the farmer doesn't know with 40% and at this time of the year being late, what kind of crop he has.So I think as Ray said at the end, we're going to have a big crop. There are big inventories, all that will be moved to the market. We will move that. We will try a lot of that, because it's going to be with an early, but I think the main issue is how all these things, whether it is China trade or whether it is the delay impacts farmer commercialization. That's probably the biggest disrupt for us. And today you see it in our, in some of the impact, we are getting in basis in the U.S.
Ken Zaslow: Okay, but you do you think that over time, I mean it is profit but between the China trade deal as well as delayed harvest that you will regain somewhere in 2020 or 2021 that will come fully back to you that 2019 will be kind of aberrational in terms of the profit level. Is that a fair assessment?
Juan Luciano: It depends some -- so some will come back, because we will commercialize that and we have the assets to do that. So we will go through our assets. Some also will depend on the timing, because part of our previous years, Ag Services, great Q4s, remember counted on both having an export, simultaneous strong soy and corn export programs out of the goal. That's what made elevation margins pulp. So part of that will depend on that dynamics and we will have to see it in the Q4 of 2020 if you will.But in the meantime, I think that our team has done well, look at this quarter. This quarter results product services given the lack of export volumes for corn, we're very significant. So I'm proud of how the team has been playing it. And I think the river getting back into navigation and normal rates has helped a lot that at the beginning of the year for the first half was almost impossible demand. So I think the team has done an outstanding job and ensure they will do the same in 2020.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Victoria de la Huerga for her closing remarks.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you for joining us today. Slide 11 notes upcoming investor events in which we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any questions. Have a good day. And thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending the Archer Daniels Midland Company third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. de la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry condition, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its report on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in its presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC report. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to provide -- update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and important actions we are taking to meet our strategic goals. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results as well as the drivers of our performance. Then Juan will discuss our forward look, and finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.60, down from $1.02 in the prior year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $682 million. Over the first half of this year, we faced widespread external headwinds, including extreme weather that had a negative impact of $65 million in the second quarter and $125 million in total for the first half of the year. The team executed well to minimize these headwinds, and we undertook a series of aggressive actions that, combined with the absence of severe weather going forward, will help deliver a stronger second half and set us up well for 2020. Just as important, we continue to advance our strategic initiatives to enhance agility, accelerate growth and strengthen customer service. Our actions this quarter expand our three strategic pillars. In our optimize pillar, we completed the significant global organizational changes announced last quarter, including further reductions in management layers, centralization of activities, the elimination of positions and the early retirement offering for eligible colleagues in the U.S. and Canada. We continued to optimize our U.S. Origination footprint, reaching an agreement with Cargill to exchange grain elevators in Illinois and Indiana, and we're seeing the positive results of the turnaround efforts at our peanut and tree nut shelling business. In our drive pillar, we simplified our operational model by combining our Origination and Oilseeds business segments into a single business, Ag Services and Oilseeds, which we'll begin reporting in the third quarter. We also centralized our milling management and commercial teams in Decatur, which will offer efficiencies as we further integrate our flour and corn milling businesses. These actions are part of our wider simplification efforts as we continue to streamline decision-making and management structures in order to drive action and accountability. We announced a realignment of our manufacturing operations, driving standardization and efficiency by moving to a global centralized structure led by our Senior Vice President of Global Operations, who is reporting directly to me. And we continued to expand our global centers of excellence, or COEs, which are ensuring focus and expertise in key areas such as technology, talent and growth. In our growth pillar, we completed our acquisition of leading European citrus flavor provider, Ziegler Group, positioning ADM as a global leader in the growing natural citrus ingredients market. We cut the ribbon of our upgraded nutrition flavor research and customer center in Beijing as we continued to expand and enhance our capabilities in Asia. And we continued to lead the industry with new innovative solutions for our customers. We introduced BIOSIPEC, a comprehensive system for intensive shrimp production, and unveiled a new line of renewable vegan Omega-3 blends. We also secured multiple sales wins in the areas of alternative proteins, where our products can now be found in the retail and foodservice channels on three continents. These actions will help us deliver a stronger second half of the year, and even more importantly, they are helping us advance the transformation of our company to ensure we can capitalize on significant market opportunities and deliver strong results in 2020 and beyond. Please turn to Slide 4. All of our strategic work as well as the processes we use to execute day in and day out continued to be elevated by our Readiness efforts. Last quarter, we reported that we had completed 185 of our prioritized Readiness initiatives. At the end of the second quarter, that number has grown to 275. Those completed initiatives will account for $500 million in run rate benefits on an annual basis, keeping us on target for our two year goal of $1.2 billion in run rate benefits. In terms of accrued benefits, today's Readiness has contributed $130 million, putting us well on track to meet our goal of $250 million to $300 million in accrued benefits by the end of this year. Finally, 1,000 more colleagues completed our comprehensive Ability to Execute training during the quarter, giving them the knowledge they need to lead our efforts to improve the company. I'll discuss Readiness more later. Now Ray will take us through our business performance. Ray?
Ray Young: Yes. Thanks, Juan. Slide 5 provides some of the financial highlights for the quarter. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.60, down from the $1.02 in the prior year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $682 million, down 26%. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC was 6.9%, generating positive EVA of $42 million relative to our 2019 WACC of 6.75%. The effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2019 was approximately 13%, which included transition tax benefits and other discrete items. Excluding those items, the adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was about 21%. For the full year, we continue to expect an effective tax rate in the range of 17% to 20%, which was our initial guidance. On Chart 19 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our quarterly earnings of $0.42 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.60. The adjustments include a charge of $0.18 per share related to asset impairment and restructuring charges, including a noncash pension remeasurement accounting charge as a result of the U.S. early retirement program; a $0.3 per share charge related to LIFO; and $0.3 per share tax benefit related to the transition tax and certain other discrete tax items. Slide 6 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Before I go to business segments, let me touch on some more noteworthy other items. Other business results were $11 million, below the prior year period, due primarily to insurance underwriting losses, partially offset by higher ADM Investor Services earnings. Our revised full year estimate for Other is in the range of $80 million to $90 million based upon actual and expected underwriting performance, down from the $100 million level we guided earlier in the year. In the corporate lines, net interest expense for the quarter increased as expected due to higher long-term debt levels, largely due to the funding of the Neovia acquisition. We now expect full year interest expense on a segment presentation basis, however, to be lower than what we indicated in the Q1 call, in the area of $350 million to $375 million, down from the $400 million level. Unallocated corporate costs of $132 million were down versus the prior year, principally due to lower accruals for performance-related compensation, partially offset by higher investments in IT and Readiness-related costs. As a result, we are tracking below the $700 million guidance level for the calendar year. Corporate results also include early retirement and restructuring charges of $101 million or $0.14 per share and a LIFO charge of $25 million or $0.03 per share. Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 7. We generated above $1 billion from operations before working capital in the first six months of the year, just slightly lower than last year. Total capital spending for the first half of the year was $383 million, similar to last year. We're on track towards our revised capital spending guidance of $800 million to $900 million. Acquisitions to date of $1.9 billion are primarily related to the closing of Neovia in the first quarter. Return of capital for the first six months was about $500 million, including about $100 million in opportunistic share repurchases in the second quarter. Slide 8 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of June 30, 2019 and 2018. Our balance sheet remains solid and continues to position us very well for the full year. Our operating working capital of $7.8 billion was in line with the prior year. Total debt was about $9.4 billion, resulting in a net debt balance of $8.6 billion. Again, that's higher than last year's net debt balance of $6.8 billion, primarily driven by the funding of the Neovia acquisition and other bolt-ons. As we move to the rest of this year, we expect to delever the balance sheet with the cash flows generated. We finished the quarter with net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 31%, up from the 27% in the year ago quarter. Our shareholders' equity of $19 billion is up slightly from the $18.7 billion last year, primarily due to net earnings in the excess of dividends, share repurchases and translation adjustments. We have $5.8 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of the quarter. We had available cash. We had access to $6.7 billion of short-term liquidity. Our average share count for the quarter was 566 million shares on a fully diluted basis. Next, I'll discuss our business segment performance for the quarter. Please turn to Slide 9. In the second quarter, we earned $682 million on an adjusted profit basis excluding specified items, down 26% from the $924 million in last year's second quarter. Now I'll review the performance and outlook for each segment. Starting on Slide 10. Our Origination team executed well in the second quarter despite a raft of difficult external conditions. As you may recall, the second quarter of 2018 was an extremely strong one for Origination as the drought in Argentina and increased purchases of U.S. crops by China in anticipation of the tariffs combined to deliver very strong margins and volumes for U.S. exports. This year, in the second quarter, the ongoing U.S.-China trade dispute and the lack of U.S. competitiveness, particularly for corn, limited North American export volumes and margins. However, we are very pleased with the way our recent growth investments and the teams' execution helped to offset some of those negative results. Destination marketing contributed with strong performances in Latin America and Egypt, and the contributions from trade finance continued to grow. It was a similar story in Transportation. The high river conditions limited barge volumes and increased costs compressing margins, but again the team to use the tools at their disposal to help mitigate the headwinds as much as possible. And particularly, our stevedoring business showed impressive year-over-year strength despite conditions. Overall, across the Origination segment, this quarter's high water conditions had a negative impact of about $40 million. Now to Slide 11. Oilseeds results were somewhat lower than the extremely high results in the second quarter of 2018. In Crushing and Origination, strong domestic industry demand supported crush margins in North America and EMEA. In North America, crush volumes were down, mainly due to production outages caused by high water at the company's Quincy, Illinois facility. That high water resulted in a negative impact of about $10 million for the quarter. Crush margins in South America were substantially lower on higher soybean prices, oversupply of oils and lower export demand. South American origination margins were down on lower China demand during the quarter. Refining, Packaging, Biodiesel and Other results were lower than a year ago quarter, driven by weaker margins in South America and some timing impacts in EMEA. North American refined oils continued its solid performance. Asia was higher on Wilmer results. Now beginning next quarter, we will be reporting the results of our new combined Ag Services and Oilseeds business units. We will report subsegments that will include, one, ag services, which will include North America, South America and EMEA Merchandising and Handling, including Global Trade and Transportation; two, crushing including North America, South America and EMEA; three, refined products and Other, which will include refined and packaged oils, biodiesel and our peanut and tree nut processing business; fourth and finally, we will report Wilmer equity earnings as a separate subsegment as well. To assist you in comparisons, you will find in Slides 22 and 23 a pro forma of 2018 and the first two quarters of 2019 under the new segmentation. Now looking ahead, for the new Ag Services and Oilseeds segment, we expect third quarter results to be below last year's very strong third quarter of $478 million when we benefit from the short Argentina soybean crop. Compared to the second quarter of this year, the ag services subsegment should see improvements due to seasonality of earnings as well as more normalized river conditions, offsetting some of the minor impacts of our reserve Louisiana export facility being off-line. Our destination marketing and other value-added service businesses should continue to help offset headwinds from lower U.S. export competitiveness. Looking at the crushing and refined products and other subsegments together, we see solid results in the third quarter based upon the margins that we have locked in on crush as well as benefit from the timing effect reversals and continued good demand for refined oils and biodiesel. Slide 12, please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were lower than those in the year ago period. In Starches and Sweeteners, the North American team did a great job growing starch volumes despite lingering impacts from the flooding at our Columbus, Nebraska complex. North American sweetener margins remained robust overall. The EMEA region continued to be impacted by low sugar prices, the Turkish quota on starch-based sweeteners and higher wheat prices. Flour milling margins in North America were down in a market environment that limited weak basis opportunities. In Bioproducts, ethanol industry margins remained negative as the China trade situation continued to weigh on export demand and industry inventory levels remain elevated. Manufacturing costs and production volumes were also impacted by the high water at Columbus. Across the Carbohydrate Solutions segment, the impacts of severe weather in the quarter were about $15 million, 2/3 in Bioproducts and 1/3 in Starches and Sweeteners, all in line with our initial expectations at the beginning of the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect the ethanol margin environment to remain challenged, especially with the recent run-up in corn prices, until we see significant increases of ethanol purchases by China and industry production that is better matched with demand. North American Starches and Sweetener volume should remain steady. In addition, the businesses' cost position will benefit from the improvements we've made at the Decatur corn complex. All told, we expect a third quarter for Carbohydrate Solutions that is lower than the equivalent period in 2018 and more similar to the second quarter of this year, absent any significant recovery in industry ethanol margins. On Slide 13, Nutrition results were slightly higher year-over-year. Within WFSI, WILD North America sales and margins were very strong. This was offset by changes in customer ordering patterns in EMEA and lower sales in APAC. In Specialty Ingredients, strong customer demand in specialty proteins and fiber was offset by some isolated production and shortfalls. Health & Wellness continued on its aggressive growth trajectory, driven both by contributions from acquisitions as well as organic sales and margin improvements. The WFSI team continued to drive solid pipeline growth and deliver new customer wins by providing a range of solutions across major growth sectors, including complete flavor systems for the beverage category, plant-based proteins for the rapidly growing alternative meat and dairy segment and probiotics for our supplement customers. Animal Nutrition results were higher than the second quarter of 2018, driven largely by the accretion from the Neovia acquisition, which was partially offset by lower margins on lysine. Looking ahead, Nutrition's performance in the third quarter should be substantially higher, approaching double that of the $67 million of operating profit in the third quarter of 2018. In WFSI, we expect solid growth in both sales and margins as the team continues to deliver new sales wins, we see increasing contributions from additions such as probiotics, vanilla and citrus and isolated production shortfalls are resolved. Animal Nutrition should be up year-over-year, benefiting from the improvements in premix margins, which were negatively impacted by changes in industry vitamin pricing in the third quarter of 2018 as well as accelerating benefits from the Neovia acquisition. As we look at the back half of the year for ADM in total, we should see overall results that are higher than those in the first half of 2019 when we were adversely impacted by $125 million of weather-related effects. The major variable impacting our fourth quarter performance this year will be whether we will see significant purchases of U.S. agricultural products by China, particularly ethanol. We actually see the net impact to the new Ag Services and Oilseeds segment as somewhat neutral if there is a resumption of agricultural trade in the fourth quarter or not. For example, if trade resumes in the fourth quarter, the North American Origination business would benefit, but the South American Origination business may lose volumes and the North American crushing business may have higher input costs in soybeans. If we don't see a resumption of significant agricultural trade with China, particularly ethanol, well before the end of the third quarter, it would be difficult to achieve adjusted earnings per share in 2019 similar to the 2018 as it would be near impossible for the ethanol margin environment to significantly improve from where we are right now. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to Slide 14. I'm pleased with how aggressively our team has moved to deal with some of the external headwinds that we have encountered this year. And while facing a challenging near-term external environment, we also remain focused on our long-term strategy: improving our company and positioning ourselves to capitalize on market opportunities. We are making good progress on our strategy. First, we are continuing to improve our underperforming businesses. We are seeing the benefits of our turnarounds in Global Trade, South America Origination and Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts. We have also made good progress in our Decatur complex, on lysine production and at our Campo Grande facility and see further opportunities in the back half of this year. Second, Readiness is continuing to gain speed and is helping us make ourselves faster, more efficient and more customer-focused. For example, this quarter, in order to globalize our sales standards and improve service to key accounts, we've centralized our Nutrition sales and account activities. We're also advancing our IT foundational services, rewiring our entire IT operation to be more efficient and more effective. And we're launching a new phase of our One ADM business transformation initiative, focusing on better data to enable even faster decision-making, better processes for improved reliability and flexibility and better systems for enhanced user experiences and productivity. Our team is continuing to identify and execute on new Readiness opportunities. And as I mentioned, thanks to their good work, we have delivered significant financial benefits and are on track to meet our 2019 accrued benefit and 2020 run rate goals. Third and finally, we're working to harvest our growth investments and ensure that they are fully delivering on their potential. We are ahead of our plan for delivering synergies from Neovia. As we continue to more fully integrate all our recent acquisitions, we are seeing increasing benefits in our business results. For example, in the second quarter, we used our new citrus and vanilla capabilities to deliver important wins in the confectionery and beverage segments. It is these actions that will allow us to capitalize on three key market opportunities that we believe will significantly impact our industry in the coming months and years. The first, which Ray has already mentioned, is the reopening of China to U.S. agricultural food and ethanol products. I won't speculate on timing, but fundamentally, we remain confident that more normalized trade will eventually resume between the two countries. We are seeing some hopeful signs as last week; China announced the waiver of certain tariffs on agricultural products as a sign of goodwill to help advance the trade talks. And while our team has done a great job minimizing the impact of the trade disruptions today, it will benefit both ADM, and more importantly, U.S. farmers, when China once again is a major purchaser of U.S. agricultural products, including grains, meats and ethanol. In the meantime, we continue to work on the operational and legal separation of our ethanol dry mill assets as a standalone business unit that will facilitate the eventual sale, joint venture or spin of this business. The second opportunity is ASF. We discussed last quarter how China needs to cover about a 10 million metric ton animal protein gap, and that may be on the conservative side. We're starting to see early signs of how ASF could affect global markets. In the first six months of the year, meat imports into China have risen 40%; pork imports are up 30%; and poultry, up almost 50%. Europe and Brazil are among the markets that have seen sharp increases in meat exports to China. In the U.S., pork production is up 5%. In Brazil, it's approaching 6%. We've even seen meat companies upgrading production facilities to prepare for anticipated demand. This will be a large multiyear event for our industry, and we continue to believe it will support incremental demand for the global crush industry outside China. The third market opportunity underpins much of the portfolio transformation we've made at ADM over the last five years: meeting the needs of a population that is both growing and becoming more affluent and conscious of what it eats and drinks. That change requires more than one kind of solution. Growing populations in developing nations require more basic foundational nutrition, while the growing middle-class is looking for foods and beverages that are natural, sustainable and support good health. Thanks to the changes we have made and are making, ADM can meet all of those needs. Today, we have a value chain that encompasses more of the human and animal nutrition market than ever before, the broadest portfolio for the present and future of food. We're a leader in plant-based proteins, and we're excited by the demand trends we are seeing in that fast-growing segment and the opportunities they create for a wide array of ADM ingredients. We're a leader in bioactives, in enzymes, in natural flavors and colors, in fibers. And of course, it's critical to remember that we continue to lead in the foundational products that we've been in for the last 100 years. In short, we are uniquely positioned to meet the world's growing and changing nutritional demands. Slide 15, please. Our core beliefs at ADM has always been consistent, but as the world's needs have evolved, we have evolved with them. We therefore revisited how we express those beliefs. Today, this is how we identify our purpose as a company: we unlock the power of nature to enrich the quality of life. That is both a novel cause and a commitment, and we are creating a company that is purpose-built to meet it. By ensuring that all our businesses are strong, by improving the way we operate through Readiness and by ensuring that the growth investments we have made delivered both for ADM and our customers, we will be able to serve our novel propose to nourish the world, while at the same time, creating value for our shareholders by delivering growth in earnings and returns in 2020 and beyond. With that, Lisa, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research.
Heather Jones: I guess I want to just start on ASF. So you mentioned that you had seen early signs of that impacting feed demand. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of your estimate of the magnitude of supply that was -- that will be ultimately lost. How is that tracking relative to your initial expectations? And could you give us a sense of when you think the increase in feed demand will be of size enough to positively benefit ADM's business?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Heather. The ASF situation is evolving pretty much as we expected or as we described in the last quarter call. The herd loss estimate in China continue to grow, and now we're talking -- last time, we talked 20% to 30%. Now we're thinking maybe 35%, and there are reports of even higher. There's also the expectation that production will continue to drop into 2020. We see that this is spreading not only inside China but also to other countries, and we have heard, of course, about Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos. We've seen domestic corn -- pork prices in China rising, and they've risen already 30% to 50% in that range year-to-date. And in the last month, it basically raised 15% versus the previous months. We've seen imports accelerating in pork. June reports about 62% increase in imports supporting to China. As we described before and we imagined, we saw the initial beneficiaries being Europe and Brazil, and they experienced export growth in the first five months of the year. Europe is up 41% to China. Brazil is up 29% in the first six months of the year. We've seen other imports coming into China in the first half. Poultry is up 49% from Brazil. Beef is up like 120-something percent with Australia, Argentina and all those countries supplying. We have seen delegations of Chinese officials looking at production facilities in Brazil and giving new permits for exports. At least we have seen about seven of those. We have seen China approving poultry exports from Russia, pork exports out of Argentina. We have seen increase in soybean meal in -- rations in China and the U.S. We have seen increase in weight on hogs in China, and we have seen a strong poultry production in China. So my point is it's developing as we expected. On the question of when it's going to impact our assets and the assets around the world or outside China, I think that China has done -- we have seen a little bit of a suppressed issue so far because China has inventory of frozen meat and because everybody that had a healthy live pig was basically sending to slaughter just before it gets infected, so to a certain degree, helping in moderation of the impact that we expect to be cut in the second half when the frozen meat inventory ends. We have said it before. We thought that maybe at the end of August, beginning of September, we may see that impact increasing. When it's going to get -- so naturally, it's going to increase first in Europe and South America, and we may see a potential impact in North America later on. I think that we will see an increased impact in demand in late Q3, early Q4 in the market with the full impact really being in 2020. So as far as we can tell, that is the best information we can provide, Heather, right now.
Heather Jones: No, that's very helpful. And then I just have a detail-ish question. Ray, you mentioned that corporate expense is tracking below your original target. I was wondering -- and I did hop on late so you may have said this and I missed it. But anyway, could you give us more specific color on what you expect that to be, unallocated corporate for Q3 and Q4?
Ray Young: Yes. I think we're probably running around $175 million per quarter, around that area there on average for the last two quarters of the year based upon the kind of the run rates that we're seeing.
Heather Jones: So Q2 was more like a true-up quarter?
Ray Young: Yes. Q2 was a true-up, and then Q3 and Q4 -- again, we're going to be below $700 million, but -- so when you kind of work the average itself, it's going to be around $175 million, around that area there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: It's actually Steve on for Vincent. [Indiscernible] if I ask a follow-on, on the other corporate line -- I'm sorry, the unallocated line. You mentioned that it's going to kind of go back to the run rate in the back half. So was the shortfall in the second quarter, was that just all accrual on the comp side? Or...
Ray Young: Yes. It's mainly a true-up, right? So it's a onetime true-up. And so that's the reason why when you get back to a normalized run rate, it will be running lower than what we thought. But that's why I'm saying, well, $175 million per quarter of the last two quarters approximately.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then maybe just a question on U.S. crop production. So lot of focus on planted acreage and bushels. Given the crop got in late this year, are you seeing maybe some increased risk on test suites? And can you comment maybe on whether or not that may kind of flow through your P&L in any shape or form?
Ray Young: No. I think that -- and clearly, include the crop got in late. And then USDA numbers, a lot of people are looking at that. And the USDA will be coming up with the revised estimate in acreage coming up. I mean our internal viewpoint is that the acreage will come down, particularly in corn, and so probably into the mid-80s, around that area there. And what's interesting on the yield side, we still believe that the current estimates of yields are probably reasonable at this point in time. And part of the reason is like with the seed technologies and genetics, it's amazing what the -- what yields can be. So I mean our viewpoint is that, yes, acreage will come down on corn. It may creep up a little bit on soybeans. Yields are probably be in line with the USDA numbers, but we'll see. Again, we're in a critical pollination stage right now of corn, and then we'll see if -- ultimately where things will end up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Larson from Buckingham Research.
Eric Larson: So the question that I have, and I -- this is starting to come up more and more. The longer our trade disputes go on with not just China, but Mexico and Canada and basically around the world, it changes behavior from not only our export partners but also the producers in those countries. And it's hard to gain share back if this continues to go longer and longer. If -- are you seeing any of that? We just saw some estimates come out for production for -- estimates for F '19, '20 production for Brazil next year. They're talking 125 million metric ton production of beans and then 100 -- over 104 million of corn, which is again, that was in the big records. And I guess my question is if we end up losing market share around the world, does it kind of change the way, one, you think about your global asset mix? And would you may have -- would you have to do some zigging and zagging to be able to account for those changes of global production?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Thank you, Eric. Yes, I agree with you, and we have highlighted this issue with the trade dispute is that people trying alternatives. And eventually, they become a little bit more comfortable with those alternatives. So this is not good for the U.S. farmer. This is not good for the percentage of U.S. in the export markets, and we hope it's going to be resolved soon. I think that the U.S. is still a very large producer and still very important to the world. So we are not past the point in which we cannot recover where we are. Regarding expansions around the world, don't forget that the U.S. is very strong. The U.S. dollar is very strong. That also pushes a little bit production to other countries, and we have seen it over the last maybe 5 to 10 years in which more emerging countries have grown, helped a little bit by the lack of competitiveness of the U.S. exports given the strong dollar. So some of that dynamics we have been dealing with. And so we've been expanding into Europe. We've been expanding into Brazil and South America. But I think that fundamentally, it hasn't changed dramatically our view of the future. We continue to make the company better. You have seen in our Origination results how some of these new services have popped up and presented good improvement versus last year, whether it's the destination marketing, whether it's stevedoring, whether it's trade finance. And so we continue to adjust our earnings. I will say you've been -- you've seen our investment in Algar in Brazil, and we continue to look at these things. As I said, I don't think it's too late, but we certainly encourage both countries to get to the table and continue discussions and find out a solution for the sake of the U.S. farmer.
Eric Larson: Okay. Good. Then the final question is there's a lot of other things going on in China. And I think we've talked a little bit about this. Now you've got -- their corn inventories have fallen quite sharply. I believe they were as many as much as 230 million metric tons four, five years ago, and maybe that's now below 100 million metric tons. Looks like they could be having some production shortfalls, maybe armyworm is having an impact. it sounds like it's continuing to get worse. And then you've got -- you're flowing in feed demand over there at least in the near term until they rebuild that herd. Can you kind of talk how that impact might be on Wilmer? How that might affect world trading patterns? I mean there -- are those incremental factors that we might not be accounting for at this point, Juan?
Juan Luciano: Yes. It's hard for me to comment too much on Wilmer since I'm an insider, being in the Board. But I would say -- I would remind you, Wilmer has a very diversified business model. So whether they are in tropical oils and they are in sugar, in consumer pack, and they are in 13 countries in Africa through associates and all that and also in India. So I would say it's hard to pinpoint exactly one point making a significant impact on Wilmer. So we're still very, very bullish about our ownership there and their prospects for growing, especially their investments in China into the future. When you think about China, you described it correctly. I think their corn inventories have dropped and armyworm continues to spread in China. Although I think if the farmer will follow the recommendations of the government, there are tools to correct that. But they still need to apply all those pesticides. I think the other issue that you didn't mention that I think is important in the dynamics bringing China into the equation is ethanol. China has put this mandate of 2020 in ethanol. They really need it for breathing air quality, and I think that they will come through with that. That creates -- as you know, you have heard me saying before, by 2020, they will have 50 billion gallons of gasoline demand. 10% of that will be about 5 billion gallons, of which they internally can produce about 2 billion of it. So they may import 2 billion to 3 billion gallons between Brazil and the U.S. So that is the trigger or the thing that the U.S. margins need for actually get out of this load that we are in, in terms of ethanol margins. So that, to us, is the biggest impact of a potential resolution between the trade dispute between the U.S. and China. And it is a no-brainer because it's a win-win. China needs this to comply to -- with their promises and their goals, and the U.S. needs this to help this industry and to help the U.S. farmer. So I think that's something that we put a lot of faith on because, as I said, it makes a lot of sense and because there are no other way for China to get this product from the world. Brazil will not be able to supply 3 billion gallons overnight.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Simonitsch from JP Morgan.
Thomas Simonitsch: So looking at U.S. export volumes in Q2, particularly in corn, how much of that weakness do you attribute to supply challenges and the weather as supposed to market demand?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Tom. I think that the river logistics in general caused an abnormally slow U.S. exports in Q2. And so I will put a lot of the blame in the weather because regardless of the demand that was out there -- and we couldn't have a competitive fray it to even participate in that because we couldn't deliver. So I would say -- I certainly put a lot of the weight on the weather.
Thomas Simonitsch: Okay. And just following up on ethanol. Absent exports to China, what actually can turn things around for you in that business? In particular, can you comment on your assumptions for -- small refinery exemptions in 2019?
Ray Young: Yes, John. I think the -- we're starting to see -- with negative EBITDA margins in the industry persisting, you're actually starting to see smaller refineries, ethanol refined shut down now. And so if these things persist, I could see more capacity coming off-line. I mean this industry is not sustainable long term with negative EBITDA margins. And so as we kind of look through the rest of the year, and as you know, normally, July, August, summer driving season, normally, this is the peak period in terms of demand and this is normally when inventories actually come down, right? But if you take a look at our inventory levels in the industry, we're actually up versus last year, the middle of the year. So I do think that there is going to be more pressure on the industry to reduce production just simply due to negative EBITDA margins. I do believe that the focus on cost -- and that's what ADM has been doing, we're focusing on driving cost down in our ethanol productions. And so therefore, from our perspective, we're carefully managing production relative to margins with a focus on making sure that we're one of the low-cost producers in the industry here. I mean the small refinery exemptions are out there. We think that -- and actually, that's a negative for the industry here. We hope that as we kind of proceed forward in terms of looking at, for example, E15 -- year-round E15 in order to try to drive some incremental volumes and look for more export markets, in Mexico, as an example, and actually, Juan talked about China. I mean the industry needs to continue to expand the markets around the world in order to try to find additional volumes for the industry. I mean, just for perspective, I mean, the industry has practical operating capacity of low over 17 billion gallons. And we're running -- right now production rates is around 16 billion gallons. And so I think there is an opportunity for the industry to further consolidate in the future as we kind of move through the next months and years of industry here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow: It's Ken Zaslow. Just a couple of questions. My first question is can you talk about the cost savings program? It seems like you are doing more aggressively on the cost savings program. How is that progressing? Is that -- how much is going to be falling to the bottom line? And how does that set you up for 2020 in terms of earnings potential? Can you start there?
Juan Luciano: Sure, Ken. Yes. So Readiness and -- continues, and then we feel very good about how we're tracking for the $1.2 billion run rate benefit by the end of 2020 as originally outlined. We are on track on run rate. We are on track on accrued savings in the 2019. And fundamentally, I think it's spreading around the organization, bringing simplicity and bringing everything that you see in all changes: the consolidation of milling with corn into Carbohydrate Solutions and the moving of some of the people in milling to Decatur to consolidate that makes better decisions, avoid about duplications, the consolidation of Origination with Oilseeds. I mean -- so the reduction in P&Ls, the standardization around the company. So when we look at 2020, if you compare it to 2019, Ken, and why we feel good about it is think about that this year, so far, we had $125 million of weather impact that hopefully, in a normalized weather environment, that will not repeat next year, so $125 million. The full year interventions that we did with the early retirement window and some of the positions consolidations that we had has an annual impact of $200 million, of which $80 million will account in 2019. So you have an extra $120 million for the full year of that coming into 2020. Then you have Readiness that we expect -- in order to complete that $1.2 billion, we expect about $200 million to $300 million be in the 2020 accrued results for Readiness. We still have some improvements area that we need to put behind. We have this year impacts on Decatur, impacts on lysine that we -- they're going to be completely resolved by the time we get, of course, to 2020. So that will be about $50 million, give or take, that we're now going to have. And then we're going to have some of the full impact of some of the investments that we have made in either Campo Grande from a growth perspective or even in Ziegler and Florida Chemicals, on Neovia that will add another $100 million to $150 million. So even when you account for maybe extra IT investments or extra inflation next year of about maybe $100 million, just to make it simple, I could see about $0.5 billion to $600 million OP improvement or about $0.70, $0.85 per share improvement versus what we see here, provided, as I said, normal weather conditions that -- I'm sure we're not going to getting exactly that, but just for our reference of how I'm thinking about 2020. That helped you? Is that helpful?
Kenneth Zaslow: Yes. The $125 million for the weather, just to be clear, is -- that is the actual logistics? That's not talking about bases and all the other...
Juan Luciano: No. No. That's basically Transportation and the impacts of our plants being down by not being able to produce on them because of either flooding or extreme cold.
Kenneth Zaslow: Yes. But that doesn't include the basis, the run-up because it is hard to get product? It doesn't...
Juan Luciano: No. No.
Kenneth Zaslow: So all the market-related issues relative to the weather, does that include that?
Juan Luciano: No, absolutely not. This is just lost production.
Kenneth Zaslow: Can you put a framework about what you would think weather would have been just on the market conditions? Or is that too hard to do? I just feel like there's [indiscernible] in there, too.
Juan Luciano: No. I think I will be guessing at this point in time. I don't want to. No.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: Just wanted to sort of touch base on the Neovia side and really the Nutrition business. It looks like you're saying that Neovia is on track to meet your prior growth target. So does that mean that the rest of the business would have been down, excluding Neovia within Nutrition? And if so, could you talk to some of the factors why?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So we are very pleased with Neovia. We are going through the integration process, and we identified -- remember, when we launched this or when we announced the acquisition, we talked about 50 million of synergies by year four. We continue to say that we're probably going to achieve the same amount in half the time, so in about two years. So we're going to exceed the synergy targets. When you look at the impact, we're very pleased with the impact. The negative impact that we have had in our P&L, in our legacy, Animal Nutrition P&L, is certainly ASF got impacted pricing in lysine. And we still have some issues with finalizing the fixes on the plant here in Decatur. Also, Michael, you need to remember the last year from the previous -- so the first half of last year has a big boost on some of the vitamin issues that happened in the industry that we took full advantage of. That was a one-off, of course, because of a fire. So that, we don't have it this year. So I would say in Nutrition, in general, things are going as expected. I think that Ray mentioned it before. It probably was a little bit disappointing quarter given some of the customer timings that we faced. We were expecting a little bit more of that. We also have a little bit of a shortfall in a couple of our plants mostly because we were trying to run that at very high levels and explore some of the high levels, and we couldn't ramp-up as quickly as possible. On the customer timing that we saw in the Q2, we have seen already July came back strongly and August maintaining the forecast. So we think that those issues are going to put be put behind already in Q3. So we feel good about how the Nutrition platform is developing. Customers are looking for more healthy solutions, so supplements are going well. You look at our growth in Health & Wellness in OP is astronomical. We look at all the demand from alternative proteins that are coming, not only driven by the desire of the consumer to experiment with something new, but also by the shortfall in proteins that we have in the world right now with more than 10 million tons coming. There is renewed interest in alternative proteins, and we have the broadest portfolio of alternative proteins. And to be honest, when we formulate alternative protein solutions, we benefit a lot from being integrated into flavors, into colors, those -- texturizer, those are important products in the formulation. So feeling very good about Nutrition actually. And I think Ray mentioned in his prepared remarks, we expect Nutrition to have a significant year-over-year improvement in Q3, and we're still seeing that.
Michael Piken: Okay. Yes. And just a follow-up on that one. Like could you maybe quantify a little bit in terms of what the market opportunity might be for ADM in terms of plant-based proteins? What type of growth rate we might expect from Nutrition in the outer years, either a volume basis or a need basis?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So think about it. If we look at QSRs and people asking for more alternative burgers, if you will, I mean, they have a climb recently of about 10%. So we see ourselves very well positioned in that area. Our teams are expecting growth of about 25% in that area. It is relatively a new phenomenon in that sense. We've been supplying alternative proteins for a very long time, but some of this excitement about the alternative burgers are a lot driven by start-ups. So their volumes are still not huge. So we haven't -- you haven't seen all of that in our P&L yet, but we are exceptionally positioned to do that. We have about five plants of different proteins around the world, whether you count soy-based proteins or pea protein or edible beans proteins. We have two plants that are just ramping up at this point in time, so you haven't seen it in the P&L yet. You're going to see the full benefit of that in 2020 and 2021. So you should expect a big contribution from that -- a big growing contribution from that in our P&L over the next two years.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So a lot of ground has been covered. I was hoping to -- so first, just Readiness and some of the reorganization and maybe just a little bit more color on the -- or -- and actual business level impact of consolidating Oilseeds and Origination. And I guess moving the Brazilian Origination under a different home is probably the biggest single change there, but just making sure I understand kind of -- was there a meaningful cost opportunity? I don't think either one had a meaningful headquarters function. But just strategically, kind of what has that enabled you to do that you weren't doing previously?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Listen, Adam, I think that the combination of two businesses -- so first of all, let me clarify on Brazil. Origination was in the P&L of Oilseeds in Brazil, so they have been run and integrated. But now it doesn't change much in the sense that the rest of the world now matches the Brazilian model, if you will. So everything is in one P&L. I guess what you have to see here is the same, as I said, trend that we showed when we put together corn with milling in Carbohydrate Solutions. It's our trend towards simplification, towards making decision-making better and avoid duplication and reduce the silos, if you will. So I think that the teams are making better decisions. There is certainly cost savings on that, but I will say more importantly is the further refinement and coordination on risk management processes, reducing the level of internal transactions. Sometimes, we have too many of those transactions. There are some businesses that have in excess of maybe 40% of the total transactions just being internal. So imagine the simplification in terms of processes and documenting and processing all these transactions. And certainly, centralizing some of the decision-making in the Global Trade and all that, having both businesses making this -- or having the same view is very important. So regardless of how well they were communicating before, that is absolutely seamless today. So we're very pleased with the early stages of that.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just in Oilseeds. And you covered a little bit of this in the conversation around ASF, but just would love to get kind of the forward view on the crush outlook around the world as we go into the second half and the first half of next year. And specifically, kind of what impact does a -- if any, does a smaller U.S. soybean and crop and a trade deal or lack thereof with China play into that outlook?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So let me start by addressing that in parts. So from a trade deal perspective, I think Ray mentioned also before and it's our belief that -- now if we look at the combined unit of Ag Services and Oilseeds, the impact of resolution or no resolution is kind of will be a little bit muted. It may be a little bit better for Origination in North America. If there is a resolution, a little bit worse maybe for Oilseeds in North America and for Origination in South America and vice versa. I think the biggest impact of the resolution of a trade dispute with China will be on ethanol, and that is how we believe it's going to play out. In terms of Oilseeds, in the U.S., we're feeling very good about it. As you know, board crush rallied during the quarter and then came back to where -- basically where it started the quarter. We had an opportunity during the quarter to book some margin levels for Q3, so we have good confidence and good visibility into what Q3 is going to be. Q4 is a little bit more open, but demand continues to be strong. Nutrition -- I mean, soybean meal demand, we expect outside China to be somewhere between 3% and 4%. So it continues to be very good. And soybean oil demand remains strong as well in the U.S. So we're also going to have the North American harvest in the Q4, which normally bring increased availability of soybean. So -- and regardless, there is a huge carryout of soybeans in the North America. So we expect that any potential spike in basis will be short-lived in that sense. If we look at the different regions, if you will. So we look at -- Argentina and Brazil crush margins are very much played right now by the farmers selling that has been very slow in both places. I will say in general, around the globe, the farmer has been a little bit like last year in corn selling, but in soybean, they have been a little slower. And particularly in Argentina, we're going into the elections so there is a lot of uncertainty about what's happening with the peso there. So Argentina crush margins dropped to about $10 to $12 gross. In Brazil, we have the situation that domestic plants are having better margins. There has been a little bit of a slow farmer selling as well there. Brazil had made progress in the pension reform. That strengthened the real, and that basically slowed down farmer selling again in Brazil, which I think is a positive for the country overall for fighting the deficit. But certainly for the releasing of beans had been a little bit more difficult. So when you look at the difference between the domestic plants, they have been -- they are positive territory, about $15 or something like that. But export plants are basically pretty much at breakeven given that they need to chase beans and they are fighting with a strong competition from Argentina for meal. In terms of Europe -- crush margins on Europe, in terms of rate, it remained challenged as we see a much, much firmer seed basis given there is a poor crop in the EU. So -- and maybe additional oil content is a little bit lower than usual, meaning that we need to use a little bit more seeds to do that. Soy crush margins remained about $15 to $20 spot, and there is a lot of competition from Argentina there this time of the year. And we still haven't seen the full impact of the ASF increase in demand that I think we would see. So I think at this point in time, an increase in margins in Europe will come from either a basis normalization or reduction on the basis or a little bit more demand due to ASF coming forward. So that's maybe a long-winded answer to the -- going around the world in oilseeds crushing.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I'll turn the call back to Victoria de la Huerga for closing remarks.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you for joining us today. Slide 16 notes an upcoming investor event in which we will be participating. And as always, please feel free to reach out to me to follow up with any additional questions you may have. Have a great day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Victoria de la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the Company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in it's reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and important actions we are taking to meet our strategic goals. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results, as well as the drivers of our performance. Then, Juan will discuss our forward-look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we reported first quarter's adjusted earnings per share of $0.46, down from $0.68 in the prior year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $608 million. It was a more challenging quarter than we initially expected. Severe weather in North America, the ongoing China trade dispute, and a difficult ethanol industry margin environment, all impacted the quarter. As we look ahead; however, we expect improved conditions in the second half of the year and we remain focused on executing our strategy and making changes to improve our company including some new actions we are announcing today. And despite the challenging start of the year, we remain committed to continuing to pull the levers under our control to deliver our objective of full year earnings comparable to or higher than 2018. We have already made substantial progress in each of the three strategic pillars this year. In our optimize pillar, we've begun the process of rationalizing our peanuts and tree nut selling footprint in the U.S. We announced the closure of two 100-year old wheat flour mills in the Midwest as we approach the second half opening of our new state-of-the-art facility in Mendota, Illinois; and we still plan to close our century old mill in Chicago once the new facility is online. We also sold three grain elevators in Kansas, Colorado, and Oklahoma as part of our continued efforts to optimize our U.S. origination footprint. In our drive pillar, as part of Readiness, we expanded a company-wide process simplification effort that seeks to improve our business model to realize additional value across the company. We enhanced our global business services organization by centrally pooling accounting, finance, and other support resources that were previously spread throughout the organization. And thanks to Readiness, we are continuing to improve our capital prioritization, as well as our project evaluation and execution processes. We did enhance efficiency and effectiveness resulting from these changes; we are reducing our projected capital spending for 2019 by 10% to a range of $800 million to $900 million. In our growth pillar, we expanded and streamlined our UK origination footprint with the acquisitions of Gleadell Agriculture and Dunns Limited. We advanced our capabilities to provide innovative, cutting-edge digital tool for farmers by closing and formally launching our GrainBridge joint venture with Cargill. We took steps to position ourselves as a thorough global leader in natural citrus ingredients with the completion of our previously announced acquisition of Florida Chemical Company, and an agreement to acquire a leading European citrus flavor provider, Ziegler Group. We launched Bio-Kult Migrea, an innovative new probiotic formulation from our Protexin business. We celebrated the grand opening of our fourth recently modernized animal nutrition production facility in North America. And of course, we completed our transformative acquisition of Neovia, making us one of the world's leaders in value-added animal nutrition solutions. As we look forward, we are continuing to advance our strategic priorities. Today, I want to discuss three important new measures to strengthen our company, enhance our results, and drive long-term value creation. First, ADM plans to repurpose its corn wet mills in Marshall, Minnesota, to produce higher volumes of food and industrial-grade starches, as well as liquid feedstocks for food and industrial uses, phasing out production of high-fructose corn syrup at that facility as soon as we complete our committed deliveries. The market for starches continues to grow in North America. Our team has done a great job meeting this demand, and with this repurposing, we will be positioning ourselves to continue to be a leader in food and industrial starches. Second, the company is creating an ethanol subsidiary that will report as an independent segment once established. The establishment of the new subsidiary will facilitate the separation of our three ethanol dry mills, as we advance strategic alternatives, which may include, but are not limited to, a potential spin-off of the business to existing ADM shareholders. Of course, as with any strategic decision, this changes to our portfolio will be subject to market conditions, acceptable valuations, and the approval of our board. Third, earlier this month, we began a serious of new actions to enhance our agility, accelerate growth, and strengthen customer service. One of these actions is a series of organizational changes to help centralize and standardize business activities and processes, enhance productivity and effectiveness, implement new technologies, and eliminate overlap in roles and responsibilities. We are also accelerating our efforts to capture planned synergies after a period of acquisitions. And, of course, our teams continue to identify additional synergy opportunities. Finally, we have opened a voluntary early retirement window for certain eligible U.S. and Canadian colleagues. These organizational actions are important steps to ensuring that our company is structured to meet the evolving needs of our customers, our business, and our shareholders. Please turn to Slide 4. All of our work in each of our strategic pillars, as well as the new initiatives we are undertaking are guided and supported by our Readiness efforts, which continue to accelerate and enhance our competitiveness. Last quarter, we reported that we have prioritized 525 Readiness initiatives that will allow us to generate more than $1 billion of run rate benefits by the end of 2020, and contribute $200 million to $250 million to our bottom-line in 2019. Thanks to our team's ongoing efforts, our [indiscernible] has now expanded to 650. And as we continue to execute our initiatives and expand our pipeline, we have increased our estimate of 2019 net benefits to $250 million to $300 million, and our estimate of run rate benefits by the end of 2020 to $1.2 billion. In addition, by the end of the first quarter, almost 3,400 colleagues have completed our comprehensive Ability to Execute or A2E training, which enables and empowers colleagues to advance the cultural changes we are implementing. I'll talk more about the Readiness at the end of this call. Now, Ray will take us through our business performance. Ray?
Ray Young: Yes, thanks, Juan. Slide 5 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.46, down from the $0.68 in the prior year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $608 million, down 15%. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC was 7.8%, slightly over 100 basis points above our 2019 annual WACC of 6.75%, a significant improvement from the year-ago period, and generating positive EVA of nearly $300 million. The effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2019 was approximately 26%, which included transition tax expense from U.S. Tax Reform and other discrete tax items. Excluding those items, the adjusted effective tax rate for the quarter was about 19%. For the full year 2019, we continue to expect an effective tax rate in the range of 17% to 20%, which was our initial guidance. On Chart 18 in the Appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.41 to the adjusted earnings of $0.46 per share. The adjustments include charges of $0.02 per share each related to impairment restructuring and settlement charges, and expenses related to acquisitions, a $0.03 per share charge due to the transition tax expense and discrete tax items, and a $0.02 per share gain on sale of assets. Slide 6 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Other business results were $14 million, slightly ahead of the prior year period. Our full year estimate of other is about $100 million based upon actual and expected underwriting performance. In the corporate lines, net interest expense for the quarter increased due to higher long-term debt levels, largely due to the Neovia acquisition. We are still on target toward approximately $400 million of net interest expense on a managerial basis for the calendar year. Unallocated corporate costs of $183 million were up versus the prior year, principally due to the centralization of certain activities from the business units, resulting in a transfer in the costs, as well as investments in IT, R&D, and innovation, and Readiness related project costs. We are still on target toward approximately $700 million for the calendar year. Other charges for the quarter in corporate included improved due to better results from the company's investment in CIP. Turning to cash flow statement on Slide 7; we generate about $0.5 billion from operations before working capital in the first quarter. Total spending for the quarter was about $200 million, in line with the year-ago quarter. Spending on acquisitions amounted to nearly $1.9 billion, as we closed on the acquisitions of the Neovia, Florida Chemical Company and Gleadell Agriculture. As Juan mentioned earlier, with an enhanced processes in place, we are reducing our projected capital spending for 2019 by 10% to a level of $800 million to $900 million. In the first quarter, we also returned $200 million of capital to shareholders in the form of dividends. Slide 8 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of March 31, 2019 and 2018. Our balance sheet remains solid and continues to position us very well for 2019. Our operating working capital of $8.2 billion was down approximately $1 billion versus the year-ago period on lower inventory levels. Total debt was about $9.9 billion, resulting in a net debt balance of $8.9 billion. We finished the quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 32%, up slightly from the year-ago period, as we funded the Neovia acquisition, which closed on January 31. Our shareholders' equity of $18.9 billion was up slightly from $18.7 billion last year, primarily due to net earnings in excess of dividends, share repurchases and translation adjustments. We have $6.2 billion in available global credit capacity at the end the quarter. If you add available cash, we had access to $7.1 billion of short-term liquidity. Our average share count for the quarter was 566 million on a fully diluted basis. Relating to the new accounting change for leases that took effect at the start of this quarter, we are recording a right of used assets of close to $800 million, classified in other assets with an offsetting lease liability classified in other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. Next, I'll discuss our business segment performance for the quarter. Please turn to Slide 9. In the first quarter, we earned $608 million of adjusted operating profit excluding specified items down 15% from the $717 million in last year's first quarter. Now, I'll review the performance and outlook for each segment. Starting on Slide 10, origination results were higher than prior year period despite approximately $30 million in impacts from severe weather conditions. Merchandising and handling results were up versus the prior first quarter of 2018, which had been negatively impacted by significant mark-to-mark timing effects. The team executed well and drove solid margins for North American exports of both soybeans and corn. In addition, a strong performance in structured trade finance and the reversal of some timing impacts from the fourth quarter, helped to offset a softer performance in global trade which was impacted by normalized South American soybean and soybean meal margins versus the first quarter of last year. Results in the quarter were also held back by high water river conditions which limited grain movement and sales in North America. The transportation team did a great job to deliver higher year-over-year results as improved freight rates in northbound movements offset lower overall barge volumes caused by unfavorable river conditions. Looking ahead, we expect origination second quarter results to be significantly lower than the very high second quarter of 2018 and similar to the first quarter of this year. In 2018, North American exports were abnormally high in anticipation of a trade shutdown with China. Absent those conditions this year, North American volumes and margins will be substantially lower in the second quarter. In addition, high water will continue to impact our coal operations. Further out, we see a significant ramp up for origination in the second half of the year. The business will benefit from the expected resolution of the US-China trade situation particularly if China imports U.S. corn in addition to soybeans as river conditions normalize, our coal will have opportunities to capitalize on backlogs from the first half weather slowdowns. Now to Slide 11; oilseeds results were comparable to the year-ago period. Crushing and origination was up significantly versus the first quarter of 2018, which included substantial negative timing effects. Higher executed crush margins and a record first quarter volumes globally helped drive the strong performance. The reversal of timing impacts from the previous quarter had a positive effect of about $75 million and there is an additional $75 million still to reverse in the coming quarters. Slow farmer selling and lower China demand negatively impacted South American origination results. In the first quarter last year, the retroactive application of the 2017 biodiesel tax credits added about $120 million to refining, packaging biodiesel and other results. If we were to exclude that one-time impact, our first quarter 2019 results for RPBO were higher year-over-year. Increased contributions from food oils in North America and Europe, including our Olenex joint venture helped contribute. Asia was lower on Wilmar results which included some sugar impairment charges. Looking ahead to the second quarter of 2019, last year the drought in Argentina helped to bolster global crush margins. In the second quarter without these impacts, we expect second quarter results to be about 20% down from the exceptionally high second quarter last year. Beyond the second quarter, a strong forward sales book points to a solid near-term, in addition, much as the drought in Argentina impacted soybean meal margins last year, the growing impact of African swine fever points toward greater demand for soybean meal outside of China in the back half of this year and likely beyond. Slide 12, please. Carbohydrates Solutions results were substantially lower than the year ago quarter. The severe weather in North America during the quarter significantly affected results in both starches and sweeteners and bioproducts by reducing production volumes, increasing manufacturing and logistics costs and causing onetime remediation expenses. The most significant impacts were at our corn wet and dry mills in Columbus, Nebraska, though the Decatur complex was also impacted due to slowdowns in corn deliveries. In total, the weather impacts for the quarter reduced results by close to $30 million. Starches and sweeteners was down versus the first quarter of 2018. In Europe, low sugar prices due to wheat oversupply along with higher wheat prices and the domestic starch-based sweetener quarter decreased in Turkey are pressuring industry volumes and margins. The severe weather in North America, higher manufacturing costs at the Decatur complex, and weaker margins in flour milling also drove the weaker results. Bioproducts results were negative and much lower than the prior year period. Ethanol margins were down significantly versus last year's first quarter in a continued weak industry environment and risk management opportunities were limited. Volumes and margins were also affected by the severe weather. Looking ahead, residual impacts of the severe weather will affect Carbohydrates Solutions results in the range of $10 million to $20 million in the second quarter. If those effects were excluded, we would expect second quarter performance to be similar to or slightly below the second quarter of 2018. Despite the soft start to the year, we expect a stronger back half for Carbohydrates Solutions as our improvements in the Decatur complex deliver enhanced reliability, ethanol margins seasonally improve and the resolution of US-China trade dispute may offer the opportunity of ethanol exports and further margin enhancement. On Slide 13, nutrition results were overall down year-over-year with WFSI higher and animal nutrition lower. WFSI results were higher year-over-year with 21% profit growth spread across all three businesses and WILD Flavors in particular turning in another very strong performance. Year-over-year sales increased 11% on a constant currency basis. Organic sales, excluding new acquisitions were up 6%. An improved product mix and new customer wins, such as plant based proteins utilized as an alternate to meat products, new food service offerings, leveraging our systems approach and innovative dairy beverages containing our probiotic and extract offerings helped drive positive results. Animal nutrition results were lower than the first quarter of 2018. Last year's quarter benefited from a strong inventory position during a temporary industry shortage of Vitamins A and E, whereas premix margins this quarter reflected normalized vitamin costs. Additionally, Neovia closed on January 31 and purchase price adjustments result in an incremental $10 million of inventory cost that flow through our results for the quarter. Lysine production and yields continue to improve from the third quarter 2018 production disruptions, but not yet at normalized levels. Looking ahead, Nutrition's performance in the second quarter will benefit from the increased contributions of acquisitions, including Neovia, as well as continued sales growth and margin improvements in WFSI. Lysine continues to recover, and this is expected to continue throughout the second quarter as a result profits for Nutrition for the quarter should be approximately 10% higher than the second quarter of last year. The second half of the year should be very strong with continued growth in WFSI and increased contributions from Neovia as we ramp up our global animal nutrition platform and drive synergies. In summary, for the entire business, while the second quarter results will have a tough comparison with last year's exceptionally strong second quarter, they will be better than our first quarter of this year, and are setting us up well for improvements in the back half of the year which Juan will now discuss. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to Slide 14. The first quarter was challenging, and as Ray explained, we believe some of those challenges will continue into the second quarter. But despite those challenges, we remain committed to executing our plan to deliver our objective of full year earnings compatible to or higher than 2018, and we are making good progress on the growth algorithm we described on our last call. First, our efforts to improve the performance of certain businesses are continuing to take root. Focus areas like our Decatur complex, lysine, or our golden peanut and tree nuts business are doing better with every passing month, and are on track to be solid contributors in the back half of the year. And we continue to look for additional opportunities such as the Marshall plant repurposing and the ethanol subsidiary, I mentioned earlier. Second, as I've already discussed, Readiness continues to expand. Readiness is truly changing how we run our business in fundamental ways. Let me give you just one example. The nature of our business is that there are many touching points throughout the value chain. We are now analyzing those to see how can we reduce internal transactions, which in certain businesses are as high as 50% of all transactions. Readiness by streamlining and simplifying our processes is helping us address issues like this, so we can minimize errors, increase efficiencies, and reduce costs. Our colleagues are all in on Readiness, and their support and execution are the reason we are revising our estimates higher including our new $1.2 billion in run rate benefits by the end of next year. Third, we continue to aggressively harvest the investments we have recently made. As I mentioned earlier, we're accelerating our efforts to capture synergies from recent acquisitions, and we're particularly excited about the addition of Neovia. After three months of ownership, we are tremendously encouraged by the people, the portfolio, and the business, and watch its combination with our existing animal nutrition business offers, a true global leadership position in an important and growing market. We are confident that our initial assumptions on cost, revenue and margin of synergies will be realized, and in fact will likely both accelerate the rate of and increase the size of those synergies. Our new Readiness based improvements are helping us with growth as well by allowing us to better evaluate and delivered on opportunities, and by improving processes that are allowing us to grow more efficiently, and with less capital spending, as I mentioned earlier. In each of these areas, across the company, we're pulling the levers under our control, which we expect to help contribute to a stronger second half. In addition, we expect some changes in outside conditions, particularly relating to China. While there can be a complete certainty, we see encouraging signs regarding resolution of the US-China trade dispute and we are optimistic for a resolution by mid-year, importantly, well before the U.S. harvest. Our team has shown great agility and flexibility to minimize the impact of the dispute to ADM thus far. Nevertheless, a resolution will benefit several of our businesses. Our North American origination business will benefit from increased export volumes and margins, particularly on U.S. soybeans, and now potentially corn and other agricultural products. And our Carbohydrates Solutions business will be boosted by the resumption of ethanol trade flows, as China moves toward national implementation of E10. China is also managing through a very serious issue with African swine fever or ASF. Estimates vary, but it's possible that China's hog herd has dropped 20% to 30%. China will clearly need to import substantial amounts of pork and likely other meat and poultry to satisfy demand. This could boost soybean meal demand in regions where our oilseeds business has a strong presence, particularly in North America, Brazil, and Europe. Finally, of course, some of the transitory impact of the first half, such as the effects of severe weather should be fully behind us in the second half of the year. And so as we look forward to the balance of 2019, we see a strong finish after a challenging start. With that, Michelle, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Heather Jones from Vertical Group.
Heather Jones: So I have a question about your comments on ASF. So it's been our thought that you would see accelerating protein production in these other origin countries to fulfill the shortfall in China. But thought that would be more like second half. Are you -- your comments sounded more constructive than they did on your Q4 call? So are you already starting to see that expanded demand, ex-China, and as a corollary to that, how are you thinking about the margin structure of that increased demand if there is a trade deal resolution given Chinese demand of U.S. beans will probably accelerate? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Listen, of course we saw the ASF impacts when we were thinking about the plan for this year, but I think that the world, all of us are rapidly waking up to the significance and the magnitude of this event. I think that at this point in time, we'll see available global protein supplies to have to be redirected to China to satisfy the protein that facilities have created. To give an idea of the magnitude of these, we think that of the probably 700 million herds of annual hog production in China, we may see about 20% to 30% of that disappear. That's about the size of the U.S. production. So this will create the gap in China of about, people take 10 million tons of protein, that is a lot, and I think that that's going to be a pressure on a system that is already working with good demand. If we look at our business in North America, we are enjoying good demand, and that's why you're seeing margins have stayed very strong, actually margins have popped up over the last couple of days with the drop in soybeans. So I think that overall, we are seeing that how China covers that gap of 10 million tons, maybe 4 million tons, they shift to other proteins, whether it's poultry and all that. But I think that leaves still a significant gap. So imports will have to cover that accelerating weight gain from the existing herd will happen to that, and I think that the countries or the regions more likely to be able to serve that, whether it's Europe or North America or Brazil, are starting to prepare to do that. I cannot say that today we have seen a significant spike in our demand, but we see our customers are getting ready to do that. So if you think that we are already above $1 per bushel crush margins in the US, if you add this incremental demand, we think that that's very constructive for margins in the second half of the year.
Heather Jones: And you believe that demand can offset potential price increases in beans?
Juan Luciano: We think so. When we think about the scenario for the second half of the year, we think that in a scenario of trade resolution is more bullish for grains, for ethanol, and for pork meat, than actually for soybeans. First of all, because China naturally will have to import less soybeans, we're thinking about before maybe 96 million tons, now we're thinking more like 85 million tons, just because they will have less animals to feed. So, and there are plenty of beans around the world. So we do believe that is going to be more bullish on grains, pork meat and ethanol, than actually in soybeans. So we believe that given the ownership that we have, any psychological spike in soybean bases will be temporary and we can handle that with our inventory.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi.
David Driscoll: I just wanted one follow-up on your comments on Readiness, and then I have an ethanol question. So, just on Readiness, the program hasn't been out for very long and you're upgrading the program. Can you guys just walk me through your planning process and just why you're so confident that you should be upgrading the program right now. Juan, I know, you mentioned that the project list has gotten larger, but it's just we don't often see a program upgrade so soon after kind of the initial launch of it. And then on ethanol, I wanted to ask you guys about just industry conditions, the loss in the first quarter was quite significant relative to the history at ADM's ethanol operations. Why do you think the industry hasn't been more disciplined, ADM's plants are very large, they're very efficient plants, how did these small ethanol plants fair in the first quarter, I mean, did they just get absolutely hammered if you guys are taking up to $75 million hit. And then in the second quarter, do you see better discipline industry wide in ethanol? Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Let me address the Readiness question, then may have Ray address the ethanol question. So Readiness actually in April has turned 1-year-old as an initiative. So, we've been working at this for a while, although the first part was the planning process, so it was quiet there if you will and the training. So, at this point in time, we have gotten everybody trained, we have gotten a very robust pipeline of initiatives, and we are going and reviewing every aspect of ADM businesses and this is a very thorough process where we have a pipeline of ideas that are reviewed weekly and weekly are reported into our steering committee and we continue to monitor these. We have seen already two quarters of these, David, don't forget that we implemented this in Q4 2018, which was a little bit ahead of our plan and now we have Q1 behind us. So as we look at our pipeline and the growth of the initiatives, we have some experience into this program, so how much maybe you realize only a percentage of everything you have but every indication so far is we are going ahead of that. We don't see the drop that sometimes we get when we turn an opportunity from an idea to a reality and we are seeing our teams coming with more ideas to a higher rate than we thought. So, we thought it was in the spirit of transparency was proper to actually disclose that to shareholders increasing our targets. So, of course, we feel extremely confident about that, for us to have increased the target. But, again, don't think that this is just something that is happening overnight. As I said, Readiness has been with us for the year, we have been -- we have trained already 3,400 people in this, we have 650 initiatives and we have two quarters already of realizations of the savings that give us the confidence to increase the targets. So with that, I will ask Ray to make some comments on the ethanol quarter.
Ray Young: Yes, Ethanol in the first quarter was a tough quarter. Industry conditions were very, very poor. Inventories were building up through the quarter. When you look at generic indices, clearly industry had negative EBITDAs in the first quarter. In fact, when you compare the EBITDAs for the industry first quarter this year versus first quarter last year, we're actually down about $0.25 a gallon. Now, as we kind of look forward, what we're thinking is and you're starting to see this, ethanol margins are improving right now. I think for several factors. First of all, seasonally you always see some improvements in terms of ethanol margins as demand for ethanol improves just due to normally the seasonal pattern of demand here in United States. And secondly, inventory levels, partly due to the weather impacts throughout the entire industry have stabilized. Now going forward, we believe that our resolution of the US-China trade dispute would be a positive catalyst for industry margins. And, again, David, as you're probably aware, a resolution of US-China trade issue will likely include ethanol as one the commodities that China will purchase and as we indicated, I mean, China is moving toward an E10 program in 2020, a national program, which will basically drive an additional requirement of about 5 billion gallons of ethanol for that country. Their current production capacity is roughly 1 billion gallons domestically and they'll probably have some additional capacity come online, which would quite bring that number up to 2 billion gallons. And so they will probably have about 3 billion gallons deficit in terms of ethanol, which they will have to either source from additional capacity within the country or more likely importing ethanol from other countries such as United States and Brazil. So, as we kind of think forward in the back half of the year, we do believe that as part of the trade resolution that China will resume imports of ethanol. That will be a positive catalyst for industry margins in the back half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Simon [ph] from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: So you're assuming a resolution on US-China trade before the U.S. harvest. Can you just elaborate on what that resolution looks like beyond ethanol? And then can you discuss the potential impact on each of your businesses later in 2019 without a resolution?
Juan Luciano: We're seeing, of course, we don't have any previous data other than we would revisit reading the tea leaves But if you look at both countries talking about constructive talks and both Presidents giving indications whether in speeches like Presidency or the comments by President Trump, I think both teams are getting closer. Also, if we look at the market and our commercial -- the behavior of our commercial counterparties in China seems to indicate the deal is getting closer whether it is having not being covered for the Q4 and remaining open there or reducing mill inventories in anticipation of having to buy some beans or reviewing the corn contract languages with us, we've seen that they are getting ready for that movement. So what that movement will do, we think that they're going to be, if China, let's say, is going to import about 85 million tons of soybean. We think that maybe the percentage of soybeans they are going to buy from the U.S. could be about 50%, so about 40 million tons. Then, if you think about that they're going to buy corn and potentially with, that will create for Q4 basically what the conditions that we need in the U.S. for elevation margins to pulp, which is to have a strong simultaneous, if you will, soybean and corn program than we have seen that in other years and that candidly, Tom, is what we plan for. Our plan for 2019 was very second half loaded. We are second-half loaded based on the Q4 potentially strong origination nation earnings and what Ray described before, which is China coming back to us for ethanol into the US, are they trying to fulfill their E10 for 2020 pledge. So we think that those are the two things that will impact. When you add that to the improvements that we're making in our business, whether it's Decatur, or whether it is lysine or whether it is golden peanuts and tree nuts, which will remove some of the burden that was in the second half of last year and we will remove from '19, you will have a better comparable of some of the costs that we faced last year, that we are facing still today, and we're working out of those. So, all that give us a very constructive perspective for second half. If you add that potentially, the increase in milk consumption in the U.S. or Europe or South America to satisfy the protein gap in China created by the ASF that will give us the confidence to describe second half as being a very, very strong second half that will position 2019 as a very solid year for ADM.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much. And just -- if you could update us on your business turnaround for the year, has the targeted $150 million to $200 million improvement been impaired by weather?
Juan Luciano: No, Tom. I think that the three pillars that we have, the improve pillar and the Readiness and the harvesting; they are all on track or slightly ahead of schedule as we look at after the first quarter. Certainly weather of the severity that we faced in the U.S. doesn't help. We run fermentation units and when you run the fermentation units with an outside temperature of minus 50 degrees Fahrenheit like it happened in January, strange things happen in the plant, but I would say, we still have part of that tail in the first quarter and we might have a little bit of that in Q2, but we expect all these issues to be behind us by the end of Q2, by the end of June. So, I would say we continue to make progress, of course better weather helps, but we have to do what we have done in the first quarter. I think the teams continue to make progress, and we feel these programs are on track, and we will deliver what we promised.
Ray Young: How you want to think about this Tom is some of the weather impacts that we experienced in the first quarter, and maybe some in the second quarter, will get offset with the incremental Readiness benefits that we're going to see particularly in the back half of year. That's how you should be thinking about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Anderson from Stifel.
Vincent Anderson: So, just going back to China's 2020 ethanol mandate, I believe they have a significant amount of idled food grade alcohol capacity that could be used to close that capacity gap. Do you have a view on how much of that is actually fit to be converted to fuel grade ethanol, and how long that might take?
Ray Young: Yes. It's tough to assess that. We just think that the gap is so significant that they clearly will need to import now. Do we believe they are going to import 3 billion gallons, I mean, probably not. I mean that seems like a very tall order in 2020, but do we believe this will phase in over time? The answer is 'yes.' And do we believe this will have an impact on the U.S. ethanol margins? Without doubt, it will.
Vincent Anderson: And with regard to your wet mill conversion, was this in response to declining demand for high fructose corn syrup, maybe from a specific customer moving away from the product or is this just more of a portfolio optimization? And then just quickly, what would the timing and earnings impact of that conversion be?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Vincent, this is -- you always heard us talking about the fight for the grind and trying to maximize the margins from the 22 products we tend to make in these places. So, of all the products, starches have been growing very fast, and also the bio economy is placing a lot of requests for fermentation capacity to produce liquid feedstocks to make products for the bio economy. So those are areas that we see with high growth rates and higher margins and candidly, and we said -- we reported this in previous earnings calls, although we've seen 55 hanging better in terms of volume, we saw 42 being replaced more aggressively. So this is a strategic shift in which we are shifting our 42 capacity into things that are going to give us better margin, some better growth rates. So, we are sacrificing a lot, a little bit of volume and share for margins and growth rates, and so we think that this is the right thing to do. Regarding the specific impact, this will be a transition, Vince, and at this point in time, since we still need to own out a lot of commitments, you wouldn't see any of these in 2019, let's put it this way, it will be more a 2020, 2021 impact if you will.
Vincent Anderson: And just a clarification, this is 42 capacity that you're phasing out?
Juan Luciano: Correct, 42 capacity, yes. This is about 30% of our 42 capacity that we are shedding.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I just wanted to go back to the kind of way you've laid out the rest of the earnings for the rest of the year and having flat operating for the whole year. Just with 1Q down as it is, 2Q, I mean against a very difficult comparison, it implies a record back half, and certainly a trade, the trade deal, and the benefit that that could have around origination, around ethanol, and even parts of oilseed processing, certainly auger for better cyclical dynamics. I'm just trying to understand kind of the internal dynamics and internal improvements, I think levers under your control on a year-on-year basis, that help us get to that outlook as we kind of roll through the year?
Juan Luciano: So, again our plan for 2019 is based on three big things. Delivering and sometimes outperforming in the three strategic levers; improve, Readiness and harvest; the trade deal resolution; and the third one, the big impact from ASF. So let me expand on those three a little bit. When we plan the year, we plan a year backend loaded, as I said, this is something that, it was very different seasonality that 2018 for reasons that Ray explained before, Q1 in 2018 had a big vitamin boost because somebody blew up a plant and prices went up. Second quarter with the threat of Chinese tariff in July 1, we got a big boost of export that were anticipated, so a very unusual first half. On the second half of 2018, we had a lot of these issues with the plants, lysine or golden peanut that made second half lighter. So last year, very different than this year, because this year, we are walking through the tail of those issues in the first half, but we are having them, while we are not going to have them in the second half. While on the other hand, the reaction to the trade deal, it's exactly the opposite, in which there is very little activity in the first half, and we expect it to be much bigger activity in the second half. Probably the two things that we didn't plan, so that, I'm describing the plan, the two things that we didn't plan, because we couldn't know about that, it was one, the severity of the weather in the first half and that is $60 million in the first quarter, and some of that will overspill into the second quarter, maybe like Ray said before, you could consider that the over achievement in Readiness will offset some of that, maybe we get some of that back from insurance, a little bit in the second half, but Readiness like every program that is building is also going to be back-end loaded, if you will. The other thing that we didn't consider and is a boost to our original plan is ASF, the impact of ASF. As I described before, I think we are just waking up to the significance of that, and we didn't consider at the beginning when we planned for this that this could take 20%, 30% of the herd in China, that this could take 10 million tons of protein at least capacity out, and that's a very big number to fill, and this is going to be filled by an accelerating fattening of hogs if you will in the places where those are. But even with that, the ability to supply is going to be limited. And I think there is going to be short-term volatility because there is going to be shift of people preferences, because China will have with price to incentivize all the pork production to actually go to China. So you're going to have increased protein prices, increased feeding and increased volatility. So to a certain degree, when we look at 2019, the risks have gone from macro risk, whether there was economic slowdown or a China trade war, more to micro risks that are ASF driven for example, and micro risks, ADM can handle well, we can do things around that, we can do things around our operations, our flexibility, our teams, leverage our footprint, whereas there are less things we can do about macro risks. So, overall, I think that not only we are improving, but I think conditions have shifted to favor more ADM, but it's going to be a back-end loaded, it was a back-end loaded plan, and the weather has made it even more back-end loaded. So I agree with you, it's a tall order, maybe after first quarter the probability of we achieving that became a little bit more difficult, but the plan is still there, and we are working heavily moving every aspect under our control to continue to deliver. So that continues to be the plan.
Adam Samuelson: And then, just on the U.S. export opportunity, just interested in your sizing the grain opportunities to China in the event of a favorable resolution in corn, wheat, DDGs even and just relative to soy, I mean, I would be more inclined to think that those will be more incremental to U.S. balances where the soy market in some respects is pricing in a meaningful return of exports to China already?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think you saw it even in the market yesterday when Xi Jinping spoke at the Belt and Road Forum or positively about some of the changes that they need to make, which are aligned to that trade resolution or whether Mr. Trump announced that he's inviting Mr. Xi, President, to the White House soon. You saw what the market did, the market basically went down in soybeans, and up in wheat and corn, and up in pork. And I think that's giving you the perspective that, -- and don't forget that for us to tighten up our margins in the US, we probably need 10 million, 15 million tons give or take of corn exports from the U.S. to China. Remember that China used to have -- I mean, they consume like 230 million tons of corn with consumption that is growing faster than their capacity to produce that corn. They used to have like 250 million tons of reserve; today their reserves are something in the range of 75 million to 80 million tons. So for them as a gesture of complying with the trade resolution to import 10 million to 15 million tons is something very achievable. So we believe that's a very plausible scenario and again we can only read the tea leaves like you are reading, but we think that from the commercial actors all the way to the government, everybody is inching into a deal for the summer and that's what we believe is going to happen.
Ray Young: On corn imports, don't forget, as I indicated earlier, China is ramping up production of ethanol in the country, so they will also need to consume more corn with the domestic ethanol plants that they have in the country. So that's another reason as to why there is an incentive associated with the deal for China to also import U.S. corn.
Adam Samuelson: And then, just a quick clarification on the commentary around the second quarter; the 20% decline quarter-on-quarter in oilseeds, was that the whole segment or was that just crushing and origination?
Ray Young: That's the whole segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Just some follow-ups on the ethanol situation. Did China -- first of all, are they in a position right now where they could go to that E10 blend, is all the infrastructure in place, I mean, I just remember from when the U.S. did it, it wound up taking a long time. So where do you think they are on that? Just to start off.
Ray Young: Well, they currently have in about 10 provinces in the country. They've indicated that they want to move toward the 2020 mandate nationally. They are in the process of moving toward that. Now, will they actually get their nationally by 2020? One can argue they won't get there by that year, but they are clearly on track as part of their environmental focus, remember this is driven by the focus on the environment here, they're moving toward that mandate over time. And so, I think, as I indicated earlier, are they going to import 3 billion gallons in 2020. I don't think they're going to do that, but it is unrealistic to assume that they will import 1 billion gallon from United States in 2020 as part of a trade deal, that's not an unrealistic scenario for us to think about.
Vincent Andrews: And you kind of laid out a pretty good structural bull case for ethanol based on China and so forth. So what is driving sort of the desire to separate the assets, potentially sell it in spin, if it sounds like your outlook is actually quite bullish?
Ray Young: Yes, I think just -- I mean it is a strategic decision on the part of the company. I mean, we do believe that from a medium term perspective, the outlook for the U.S. ethanol industry is constructive but when you think about like what we've announced in the past and we indicated that the dry mills themselves, right. There is an industry structure issue here in United States, which I think they alluded to at an earlier call, is that there is a lot of producers of ethanol and so there is a case for consolidation in the industry here. And so from our perspective, our decision to monetize the dry mills is, frankly, a strategic decision on our part to basically help the industry consolidate and we're still going to have wet mills here, right. And so, we still have some wet mill capacity available, but from a business strategy perspective, we believe this is in the best interest of our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Just a question about the oilseeds outlook for second quarter being down 20%, I think your commentary about first quarter was that really strong global demand, margin is good and so to see the guidance be pretty, pretty negative for 2Q, even after you stripped out the Argentina tough comp, is there something else that's making the comparison tough versus year ago that I'm forgetting? Thanks.
Ray Young: Don't forget Rob, last year in the second quarter crush margins were extremely healthy, right, driven primarily not just because of the China issue, but really the Argentina drill situation, it really culminated in the second quarter when we saw margins move toward $2 per bushel. So when we look at this year and we compare this year versus last year, you're not going to see that pop right in terms of the underlying margin structure. At the same time, demand remains very strong, right. From our perspective, the environment remains very constructive for demand for particularly U.S. soybean meal. So, therefore, we believe the margin environment is going to be healthy for us in the second quarter. It's just not going to be as health -- as strong as what we saw last year in the second quarter which was frankly abnormally strong like $2 per bushel, margins were abnormally strong.
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think this is the quarter, Rob, where we have to absorb all the harvest that's coming from Argentina and all that, they are going place that capacity. The world needs Argentina mills and, I think, as Ray described, last year was an anomaly in that regard. So this is a more normalization on that in a still very strong environment from a demand and margin perspective.
Robert Moskow: So you -- for the year for oilseeds, has anything changed versus your outlook for the overall year?
Juan Luciano: I think today versus our previous call, we are more optimistic than last time. Remember that so far this year, we also don't have the benefit that we had last year of the Biodiesel tax credit that we believe that is going to come during the second half, but I would say given my comments before about ASF, our scenario for oilseeds has become more constructive since our last call, we see now even higher meal growth around the world outside China than we saw at our last call, so significantly higher.
Robert Moskow: Yes, and that's despite the fact that South America, I think the commentary for the quarter anyway was slow farmer selling, weak origination margins, so does that mean that your confidence is very North America oriented regarding oilseeds being better?
Juan Luciano: In South America, there are, of course, we do not have crushing in Argentina, but in Brazil, we are not pessimistic about it I would say, think about these Biodiesel continues good in Brazil, also refined oils is going very strong and the fact that Brazil has very big -- very large corn crop will be positive for crushing in the second half because to a certain degree now corn is taking a lot of the infrastructure, so people will have less of a pressure to chase beans to comply with their mark to market -- sorry not mark to market -- with their take-or-pay contracts. So, corn taking part of that alleviates that, will create a better environment or less pressure on soybean basis later on that will benefit crush. So I think that even for Brazil, we are more optimistic and remember that we will have the impact of the Algar -- positive impact of having Algar in our portfolio that we didn't have in the second half of last year. So, all that makes the second half very positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: Just a couple of other follow-up questions on oilseed. In terms of your stake in Wilmar, how are they going to be affected by ASF and have you sort of incorporated any sort of potential headwind there?
Juan Luciano: Listen, if you think about Wilmar, I know what I'm going to describe is public information. So, but if you think about, of course, short-term they are going to impact I think in crush and, first of all, always remember the Wilmar team is exceptional at risk management adjusting. So they are very, very astute and very good at that. So we feel that if somebody -- if there is a team that can navigate that, it is the ADM team or the Wilmar team. So they are very good at that. But second, if you think about their earnings and sometimes it's not that clear, but if you look at public information about half of their earnings is the segment that they describe as oilseeds and grains, that includes their oilseed crushing, but also include wheat milling, Wilmar is a giant wheat miller in China and also includes their consumer products. So, let's say that maybe oilseed is about 25% to 30% of overall earnings for Wilmar. Then you have a big segment which is palm oil which is about 35% of that, and Wilmar is the largest palm oil producer in the world. And then you have about 15% to 17% of other associates which are joint ventures in either Africa or Russia. So, I would say -- and then you have the sugar business. So when you think about it, it's a very, very diversified and well-balanced portfolio. So even if crush margins in the short-term may have an issue, you still have palm oil, you still have consumer products, you still have wheat milling, you still have the affiliates and you still have sugar. So, and again, I can't disclose any specifics, but I would say between their ability to risk manage and their wide and diversified portfolio, we think they're going to be all right. On the long-term, actually, we believe that ASF would probably be a positive, ASF is having this effect of to a certain degree consolidating the industry, the pork producing industry in China, the more acute crisis is in the small farms, sometimes these small farmers are not feeding properly their pork's, sometimes they feed leftover so whatever. While I think the bigger, larger companies, they are more professional feeders. So we think that to a certain degree, this crisis will weed out some of the small farmers and consolidate the industry, that consolidation will do two things. First of all, for -- bio sanitary reasons, there's going to be a delay in rebuilding the herd, just because of you're going to have to have less density in order to have some of these bio sanitary measures applied, that will make that this scenario that we are describing, we think is going to be with us for the next three years. The second effect on that is that again, the industry will consolidate in larger players that will be more users of soybean meal than other products. So I think that over time this will make a healthier environment for Wilmar's customers. So, short-term choppy, long-term positive.
Michael Piken: And then, could you talk about the situation down in Brazil with logistics. I know last year there was a big truckers' strike, what's happening down there, and as we approach harvest, are you expecting any hiccups to your Brazilian operation?
Juan Luciano: So at this point in time when the harvest comes, obviously the truckers' is when they put forward their mandates. The situation in Brazil, if I can describe it is complex in the sense that Petrobras is aligning their diesel prices to international markets, what they call the international parity pricing, and of course, the soy change and the meal change works at market prices. So, it's very difficult how do you regulate freight and expect it to work because you cannot guarantee freight for a piece of the chain when the two other aspects of the chain are working on market pricing. But certainly, the situation for the truck owners is complicated, and I can understand them, because at this point in time, there is low economic activity in Brazil, there is a little bit of a recession going on; so there are low freight prices. In an environment in which Petrobras was to increase oil prices because of oil prices climbing, and there is overcapacity of trucks, given the past subsidies to buy trucks. So when you add that, the poor state of some of the roads in Brazil, that maybe create more maintenance cost for the truckers. The truckers are a little bit in bind. So, this could become and more -- a bigger issue. The government has been trying to discuss and negotiate and have a dialog with truckers, and of course we have this issue of the freight table. The freight table, the end has not been heard about the freight table, the freight table if the government ask the School of Agriculture of the University of Sao Paulo to create a technical freight table, then new technical freight table is like a 45% under the current negotiated freight prices that there are in Brazil right now. So, the problem we're going to have with that, there are 60-days of public hearings right now to discuss that that is supposed to be implemented in July. So theoretically, you're going to have two freight tables, one in July, one in January every year. But of course, although, we feel good with the freight table that this 45% under current negotiated market prices, that, as you can imagine, the truck drivers will not be happy with that. So I think that we are following it very closely, and it continues to emphasize the issues that Brazil has in terms of infrastructure that makes the U.S. a more reliable supplier sometimes. So, Brazil big producer continues to be unreliable from a logistics perspective if you will. So, we're watching it, we're all over it. And at this point in time, we hope that the government and the truckers will find a solution.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Just can you talk about the animal nutrition business, and what kind to had gone wrong in there relative to your initial expectations?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I can talk about the animal nutrition. So, we are very happy with the Neovia acquisition. We are very happy how it matches with our business. Our business was mostly North America and China, and the Neovia acquisition brought us Mexico, Central America, Brazil, Europe and Southeast Asia. So very good complement, and the more we own them, the happier we get, and the more optimistic we get about their synergies, and their ability to deliver in 2019. What had happened in the first quarter, first of all, it was a very big comp versus last year because of an issue that the industry had in vitamins that allowed everybody to sell a lot at a very high prices. So, we knew we were not going to have that. And every time you get a new transaction of the size of Neovia, you have this purchase price adjustment, this time was inventory valuation that impacted the quarter in $10 million. And then, remember, we are fighting still the tail of the lysine issue, the lysine issue is being solved, is being addressed, and we're very happy with the progress, but it still hit us in $10 million. So if you think about $20 million of noise, if you will, with a tough comp, and when you take over a company like in the case of nutrition, and Neovia, you have extra costs that you cannot properly quantify. For starters, people travel more, because you need to get to know each other, we need to start defining the synergies. Remember also that we closed at the end of January, so we closed one less -- we had one month less of that. But as we look today, we are very optimistic and very confident about delivering the EUR100 million of EBITDA that the business was supposed to deliver in 2019. And when we look at the synergies, the synergies that we were looking to deliver, the EUR50 million synergies that we were looking to deliver at year four, we are thinking now, we're estimating, we're going to deliver by the end of the year two. So, much better than expected. So, I would say, short-term noise, I look at this, can -- a little bit -- traced the parallel what happened with WILD. We took WILD in October 2014. The first quarter, not spectacular, even you guys were complaining, where do you see the revenue growth because we were shifting product mix and all that. Look at -- immediately, we started to grow faster than market, we grow organically 6%, profit growth 20% per year, and this is like four, five years after we have acquired. So, I think you're going to see the same evolution with animal nutrition, and the margin up story that we mentioned originally for Neovia is intact.
Ken Zaslow: And then my next question and this will be my last question is, given how bullish you are on the oilseed environment, particularly with ASF, does this embolden you to pursue more M&A activity in this space to consolidate the industry, I know you've said this repeatedly that you know, it is the geographic place that you'd like to expand, as well as the industry needs to consolidate, so does this ASF embolden you take bigger actions?
Juan Luciano: I praise you Ken for your creativity to ask the consolidation question in a different way. We continue to be -- listen in oilseeds, we continue to be very bullish about that, we like the growth rates on that, and we are very much intending to have smart consolidations. If you will look at what we did with Algar, you look at what we did in Egypt with the joint venture with Cargill. And our teams continue to look at assets that fit our footprint well, that are an upgrade to our assets and if those are available, we're always looking.
Operator: Your final question for today will come from Eric Larson from Buckingham Research.
Eric Larson: Thanks, everyone. I know we're out of time, so my questions will be very brief. The first one is really a clarification question, and the way investors will be looking at your quarter here, you had a negative impact of $0.05 from a higher tax rate, negative $0.08 from weather-related issues, and then another $10 million in purchasing inventory adjustments from Neovia. So now that is $0.14 to $0.15 or kind of the $0.60 to $0.61 if we look at it from an investor point of view, is that a reasonable way to look at it? It is probably a question for Ray.
Ray Young: Yes. Just remember on the tax rate, remember, part of it is an adjustment item. So, therefore, the bulk of the reason why we were at a higher tax rate is due to the transition tax adjustments that we had in the quarter. That's an adjustment item. And so, as I indicated in my remarks, we're looking more like a 19% rate for the year, so that -- at least at this point in time, it's 19% if we exclude all those adjustment items. On the weather issues, as we indicated, part of that will get offset in the back half of the year. We're looking at probably some insurance settlements in order to mitigate some of those impacts, part of it, the volume we may be able to recover some of that. So, therefore the raw $16 million impact, there will be some mitigation toward that and, as I also indicated, the rest of the business, we were driving additional Readiness actions that will offset part of that as well. On the $10 million in additional depreciation related -- yes, I mean that's an impact, and we didn't have that initially estimated because we couldn't estimate that number, but I kind of view that as in the quarter, I mean, that's just a one-time impact that we're going to have and so, just looking at the $60 million that we're going to have in terms of the impact is a segment OP tougher number. And so, I mean, again, we need to just make sure we separate out the segment OP impacts versus the tax rate impacts there too.
Eric Larson: And then my final question is, really talking about some of your bold moves that you had in the quarter, I don't think in my 25 or 30 years of covering the company, I have seen a product adjustment move like you -- like you're doing Marshall, the old ADM would have built more capacity to more front-end grind to supply the 42 market and you folks are not doing that, you're trying to get more return out of each plant and you just increase the size of the number of initiatives in your Readiness program. So when I look at -- so this is really positive for your returns going forward. When I look at this, I know you haven't changed your return profile in terms of your total goals, but certainly, this should give you more confidence that you can achieve a 10% ROIC. And maybe even at some point move higher, I mean how would you react to that thought?
Juan Luciano: Yes, that continues to be our objective. We never deviated from the desire to achieve 10% ROIC and 10% ROIC as a way to get to higher numbers. I think that the core businesses have done a tremendous job in that in improving ROIC and those businesses will continue to drive cash flow and Readiness and efficiencies to drive returns. That's the way they're going to create shareholder value. The Nutrition business that we have invested in is basically a growth option for the company and of course their returns are a little bit hampered right now by all the acquisitions and the goodwill that we are digesting, but their role to create shareholder value is through actually revenue growth and margin up, and they are doing that. So, we feel very good about our strategy and I think if something you have to learn or you probably know and that is what you're reflecting on is that there are no sacred cows for our team. The most important thing is to focus on shareholder value creation and we will continue to do everything we can to drive value creation, either through returns in our base business or through organic growth in our nutrition division.
Operator: This brings our Q&A portion to a conclusion. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Victoria de la Huerga. Please go ahead.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Michelle, and thank you everybody for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where will be participating. And as always, please feel free to follow up with me if you have any other questions. Have a good day. And thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. de la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga: Thank you, Jack. Good morning and welcome to ADM's fourth quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two, the company's Safe Harbor statement which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors and are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC report. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter and the year. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results, as well as the drivers of our performance. Then Juan will discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide three. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. Last week we were in France welcoming our Neovia colleagues to ADM as we closed on that truly transformational acquisition for our Animal Nutrition business. This morning, we're speaking to you from our WILD Flavors facility in Heidelberg Germany. It's a state-of-the-art complex and we're excited to talk to our colleagues here about the great work they are doing to serve customers and grow our flavors and system business. This morning, we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.88, up from $0.82 in the prior year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $860 million. The team did an excellent job to deliver stronger year-over-year profits in a volatile global environment in the quarter and completed an extremely impressive 2018 overall for ADM. Throughout the year, we focused on executing our strategy and pulling the levers under our control. The result was a year in which we delivered: full year adjusted segment operating profit of $3.4 billion, 26% higher than 2017; adjusted EPS 44% higher year-over-year; strong operating cash flows, up more than 40%; and fourth quarter trailing ROIC of 8.3%, 200 basis points above our annual WACC. Given those extremely strong results, earlier this morning we announced a quarterly dividend increase of $0.015 per share, or 4.5%. Our Q1 dividend is our 349th consecutive quarterly payment and an uninterrupted record of 87 years. 2018 was a year in which, regardless of market conditions, we continued to execute improve and grow, resulting in a range of impressive accomplishments. In our optimize pillar, we divested our Bolivian Oilseeds business, took important steps to optimize our U.S. Origination footprint and engineered significant turnarounds in our Global Trade and South American Origination businesses. In our drive pillar, for the year we delivered cost savings of more than $300 million on a run rate basis, far outpacing our target of $200 million. In our growth pillar, we opened, expanded, and enhanced multiple facilities around the globe, including five new and renovated ingredient manufacturing facilities and three labs and customer innovation centers. We announced Grainbridge, an important joint venture with Cargill in the digital innovation space. We launched the SoyVen Crush joint venture in Egypt and expanded into the Russian starches and sweeteners market with our Aston joint venture. We grew our Brazilian Oilseeds Crush and value-added footprint with the Algar acquisition, and we expanded our Taste and Wellness portfolios with the acquisitions of Rodelle and Protexin. We're also now adding citrus flavor capabilities via our acquisition of Florida Chemical Company. And of course, we just closed on our Neovia acquisition, creating a true global leader in value-added products and solutions for both production and companion animals. We also continued to improve on our safety record in 2018; this was our 18th consecutive year of reducing recordable injuries. And December overall was our safest month ever for our employees, though some incidents at the turn of the year reinforced the importance of continued relentless focus on safety. We made important progress in our sustainability goals, beating our own deadlines to meet our 15 by 2020 objectives for energy, greenhouse gases, water, and waste reduction. And we continued to lead the industry on the important issue of diversity and inclusion. Together We Grow, the consortium ADM began in 2016 to focus on educating, recruiting, and retaining a more diverse workforce in the agricultural sector was recently recognized with the 2018 Innovations in Diversity Award by Profiles in Diversity Journal. And just last week, we announced our membership in Paradigm for Parity, a global coalition of business leaders dedicated to addressing the gender gap in corporate leadership. All of these accomplishments have been supported by our accelerating Readiness efforts. Please turn to Slide 4. One of my goals as CEO of ADM is not just to deliver good results quarter after quarter, but to enact lasting change that will allow ADM to continue improving year after year. That's what our company-wide Readiness efforts offers; a reinvention of our business from the bottom up that provides a structure for ongoing continuous improvement and gives us the tools to deliver a consistently excellent customer experience at the lowest cost. Tools like data and analytics which under our One ADM program, we're collecting centralizing, and utilizing as a strategic asset that will help us improve our decision making. We're also conducting systematic reviews and improvements of processes around the company with an eye to simplification and standardizations that will make us more efficient and more nimble and reduce waste and defects. Underlying and driving Readiness and critical to its long-term success is fundamental behavioral and cultural change and more effective on productive employees, which are supporting through our ADM ability to execute training or A to E. We are all in on Readiness and our efforts are accelerating. Last year, our team identified thousands of initiatives to standardize, centralize, and digitize how we do business. By the end of the year, we had analyzed those initiatives and prioritized about 525 that, as we said last quarter, will allow us to generate more than $1 billion of run rate benefits by the end of 2020. Today, we're proud to report that as of the end of 2018, we've already completed 120 of those initiatives which together have generated $300 million in new run rate benefits. We're also continuing to roll out our A to E training, which will help guide fundamental change in how we do our work every day. Approximately 2,000 team members have already completed today in-person training sessions. By the end of 2019, we expect every ADM colleague to have taken the comprehensive A to E course. I'll be talking  I will be talking more later in the call about the importance of Readiness to our value creation strategy. But now, I would like to turn the call over to Ray. 
Ray Young: Thanks, Juan. Slide 5 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.88 up from the $0.82 in the prior year quarter. Excluding specified items adjusted segment operating profit was $860 million, up $67 million or 8% from the year-ago quarter. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC closed the year at 8.3%, 200 basis points above our 2018 annual WACC a significant improvement from the year-ago period and generating positive EVA of more than $550 million. The effective tax rate for the full year 2018 was approximately 12% and includes large favorable effects of U.S. tax reform and the 2017 biodiesel tax credit recorded in the first quarter along with certain discrete tax items netting to a favorable $74 million. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2018 was a positive 2%, which includes a favorable true-up of the transition tax. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2017 reflects a large credit due to the initial implementation of U.S. tax reform. Looking ahead, we're expecting a full year 2019 effective tax rate to be in a range of 17% to 20%. On Chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of a reported quarterly earnings of $0.55 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.88 per share. The adjustments include a significant non-cash pension settlement charge related to the transfer of pension liabilities that we discussed in the third quarter earnings call. Slide 6 provides an operating profit summary and the components for our corporate line. Other business results were a negative $14 million, but improved versus the prior year period which was impacted by significant unfavorable captive insurance underwriting performance. Current quarter losses were driven by intercompany insurance settlement relating to sorghum shipments in early 2018 as well as some other underwriting losses and true-ups. ADM Investor Service results were up year-over-year. For 2019, assuming no significant underwriting losses, we're expecting other business results to deliver approximately $120 million for the calendar year with results a bit stronger in the back half. In the corporate lines, net interest expense for the quarter increased due to higher short-term interest rates and new long-term debt issuances ahead of the Neovia closing. Unallocated corporate costs of $173 million were up versus the prior year due to performance-related compensation accruals and higher project spending on information technology and growth-related projects. Looking ahead to 2019, we're projecting some higher corporate costs as we continue to focus on and fund important projects. These projects represent investments in our future that will create shareholder value for years to come. Therefore we're projecting net interest expense of about $100 million per quarter higher than 2018, attributable to the higher interest rate environment, and the incremental debt issued. We're expecting unallocated corporate costs in 2019 of about $170 million to $175 million per quarter, an increase over our average quarterly rate in 2018, but similar to the fourth quarter run rate due to continued strategic investments in IT, business transformation, R&D, and centralization of more activities from the business segments. Turning to our cash flow statement on slide seven, we generated $2.7 billion from operations before working capital changes for the year, an increase of almost $0.8 billion. Total capital spending for the year was $842 million, down 20% from 2017 and in line with our target for the year. Spending on acquisitions amounted to $464 million, which includes three bolt-on additions. For 2019, we're projecting capital spending in the range of $900 million to $1 billion, slightly below our forecasted depreciation and amortization rate with the expected increase coming from incremental spending to support our business transformation projects. In 2018, we also returned $835 million of capital to shareholders through dividends and a small amount of share repurchase. Therefore we continued our balanced approach to capital spending, acquisitions, and return of capital to shareholders. At the end of the year, we had 566 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Slide eight shows the highlights of our balance sheet of -- as of December 31st for 2018 and 2017. Our balance sheet remains solid and positions us very well for 2019. Our operating working capital of $7.5 billion was up slightly versus the year-ago period. Total debt was about $8.4 billion resulting in a net debt balance of $6.4 billion. We finished the quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 25%, down slightly from the year ago quarter. Our shareholders' equity of $19 billion was up from $18.3 billion last year, primarily due to currency translation and net earnings in excess of dividends and share repurchases. We had $8.9 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of the year. If you add the available cash, we had access to $10.9 billion of short-term liquidity. Our higher liquidity position at the end of 2018 also reflects prefunding to support the Neovia closing in 2019. Next I'll discuss our business segment performances for the quarter. Please turn to slide 9. In the fourth quarter, we earned $860 million of adjusted operating profit excluding specified items, up 8% from the $793 million in last year's fourth quarter. For the full-year, our adjusted segment operating profit of $3.4 billion is 26% higher than 2017 with Origination, Oilseeds, Nutrition and Other all showing year-over-year growth in segment operating profit. Now I'll review the performance of each segments as well as some thoughts on the first quarter of 2019. Starting on slide 10. In the fourth quarter, our Origination team performed well considering the extreme small volume of U.S. exports, soybean exports to China. Results were down versus the fourth quarter of 2017 mainly due to changes in nonrecurring items. Merchandising and Handling results were lower than the prior year period which included several significant insurance settlements in other income. North American results benefited from weak basis gains due to strong carries as well as solid execution that drove improvements in export margins in comparable year-over-year volumes. The team did an excellent job offsetting significantly reduced exports to China by driving North American exports of corn and soybean exports to markets outside of China. Global Trade benefit from good execution origination and continued growth of the destination marketing business as well as intercompany insurance settlement offset by timing losses in ocean freight hedges which are expected to reverse. Transportation results benefit from improved freight rates offset by increased operating costs. For the full-year, Origination adjusted operating profit of $546 million was 35% higher than 2017. The team not only did a great job in 2018 of moving swiftly to manage changing trade flows allowing us to minimize disruptions and capitalize on new opportunities, but they also continue to grow our value-added services including destination marketing which exceeded $20 million metric tons doubling the 2014 volumes a year earlier than our goal. Looking ahead into the first quarter of Origination, we expect positive carries in the North American Grain business and improved year-over-year results for ARTCO, partially offset by normalized margins in Global Trade. Overall, we expect first quarter 2019 Origination results to be significantly higher than the first quarter of 2018. Now to slide 11. Oilseeds results were outstanding as the team delivered adjusted operating profits that were more than double the prior year period. Crushing and Origination results were up significantly year-over-year. Crush volumes for the quarter were among the highest ever as the business continue to leverage its global asset footprint to capitalize on solid demand for soybean meal and strong Crush margins. South American Origination results were solid as the team did a great job managing a more conservative risk position on soybeans in a very volatile market. Refining, Packaging, Biodiesel and Other was up on strong biodiesel volumes and margins as well as higher year-over-year results from food oils, partially offset by challenging market conditions in nut processing. Asia was higher on a strong Wilmar results. For the full year, Oilseeds operating profit was up almost 80% over 2017. The team demonstrate their capabilities by managing risk in a volatile market and by utilizing our global asset base, flex capacity and incremental expansions to set a record for crush volumes. Simultaneous they continued innovating to expand the value-added business such as finding new solutions and product streams for customers. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2019, we expect results to be lower than the very strong first quarter of 2018. Excluding the impacts of the biodiesel tax credit in the first quarter of 2018, first quarter 2019 results would be significantly higher year-over-year. Crushing and Origination should see continuing strong volumes and contributions from our investments in Algar, SoyVen and North American plant expansions. We expect margins to be in line with the first quarter of 2018 when timing impacts from that quarter are taken into account. We expect good performance from RPBO though year-over-year results will be lower due to first quarter 2018 benefit of the retroactive biodiesel tax credit. Slide 12 please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were lower than the year-ago period, despite solid overall fundamentals in the Starches and Sweetener businesses. In Starches and Sweeteners, North American volumes remained solid with comparable volumes year-over-year. Overall results were driven by lower margins and sales in the EMEA region; higher cost in North American liquid sweeteners in part due to lower production rates at Decatur complex and lower co-product income. Bioproducts results were lower than the fourth quarter of 2017 when trading results were very strong. Ethanol margins and volumes were down in a continued weak industry pricing and margin environment caused by continued high industry run rates and inventories. Despite full year results for Carbohydrate Solutions being down versus 2017, the team did a great job managing through difficult conditions. The business delivered higher year-over-year volumes in the Sweeteners, showed the value of innovation and superb customer service by working with customers to form like new solution for Sweetener needs and moved quickly to increase Starch production to capitalize on margins and a growing demand environment. With the completion of the contracting season, we can look ahead to a first quarter of 2019, in which the fundamentals for North American Starches and Sweeteners remain solid. Overall results for Carbohydrate Solutions will be somewhat lower versus the first quarter of 2018, driven by continued pressure on European sweetener and North American ethanol industry margins and lower production rates at the Decatur complex. On slide 13, fourth quarter Nutrition profits were down overall versus the prior year period with strong performances in WILD and Health & Wellness more than offset by weaker performance in the Animal Nutrition business, which was impacted by the production issues that compressed margins in amino acids. WFSI sales were up 14% versus the prior year quarter on a constant currency basis with the organic sales growth, up an impressive 8%. Looking at revenue growth, WILD continue to deliver customer wins and the recent Rodelle acquisition began contributing. Health & Wellness benefit from the Protexin addition and Specialty Ingredients saw 9% year-over-year sales growth driven by proteins and lecithin. For the full year 2018, Nutrition operating profit was up 9% versus 2017 with WFSI operating profit up more than 14%. In addition to its strategic additions, the business continue to expand its portfolio announcing further advancement in food service concepts as well as individual innovative products such as Versity yeast protein for companion animals and Onavita algal DHA powder, a new Omega-3 product solution. We expect stronger profits for Nutrition in the first quarter of 2019 versus the first quarter of 2018, driven by sales and margin growth, operational improvements and contributions from Protexin and Rodelle and of course our just-closed Neovia addition. In summary for the first quarter of 2019 for all of our business units combined, we expect overall segment operating profit to be significantly higher year-over-year, if you exclude the $120 million of benefits from the retroactive biodiesel tax credit recognized in the first quarter of 2018. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to Slide 14. So we have closed on an excellent 2018 for ADM. Now we're already well into 2019 and we remain focused on pulling the levers under our control to deliver another great year. We start with improving performance in certain businesses. Our team performed extremely well in 2018, but there were some select businesses that did not deliver against our expectations which means, there are more opportunities to improve our overall results. We have already taken aggressive actions to help those businesses around -- turn those businesses around. For example in the midst of industry overcapacity and compressed margins, we've announced a rationalization of our peanut and tree nut origination and processing footprint. We also made some organizational changes in that business to ensure it is structured properly to succeed among new market realities. Across the company, we've identified other businesses that we believe can do better. We have established specific year-over-year improvement targets for each of them. We'll rigorously monitor their performance throughout the year and take further actions, if necessary to ensure that they meet our high expectations. We're anticipating $150 million to $200 million in benefits in 2019 from our efforts to improve performance. The second area that will help deliver strong profits and returns in 2019 is Readiness. 2018 was the year in which we launched Readiness and embedded the change within the whole organization. 2019 is when Readiness accelerates as we take our current [ph] bank of 525 prioritized initiatives and deliver projects and cultural change that taken together will permanently change, how we run our business, creating a lasting structure under which we will be more efficient and more effectiveness -- effective. Readiness will improve performance by helping us isolate problems and implement effective solutions, help to sustain our high-performing businesses and ensure we avoid pitfalls, empower us to make more effective decisions thanks to better and more timely data and analytics, allow us to anticipate and service customer needs more quickly and more effectively, and support growth efforts by improving the processes we use to identify and evaluate opportunities and enhancing the efficiency of our integration efforts. As we mentioned earlier, we have already delivered $300 million in run rate benefits from Readiness at the end of 2018. By the end of 2019, we expect Readiness to contribute $200 million to $250 million to our bottom line. Growth efforts are our third focus area for 2019, specifically ensuring that the growth investments we have made in recent years fully deliver on their profit and returns potential. Since 2014, we have dramatically expanded our portfolio and our geographic reach with both organic growth projects and M&A activity. Taken together, we made more than $7 billion in growth investments over the last five years including key investment like WILD for Taste, Biopolis for Health & Wellness, Neovia for Animal Nutrition, Algar in South America and Chamtor in Western Europe as well as other bolt-on additions and organic investments. Now with an unparalleled portfolio of products and ingredient solutions in key growth markets around the world 2019 is the year we focus on harvesting increasing returns from those investments, which we believe will deliver about $150 million in 2019. Our path to success continues to be pulling the right levers and controlling what we can control improving business performance Readiness and growth. And by focusing on these three drivers and executing well, we are well positioned to deliver continued profit and cash flow growth in 2019 and beyond. With that, Jack please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson: Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Eric.
Ray Young: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Larson: A couple  Juan, just a little follow-up just on your last comment on harvesting growth investments, obviously, you've got Neovia that you just closed on a few days ago et cetera. Can you give us a little bit more thoughts on Neovia? Will this be contributing immediately to earnings or is this  will it be accretive let's say in your two  how should we be thinking about the recent acquisition here?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So, we're very excited about this. I think as I said before Neovia established us as an overnight leader in the Animal Nutrition business as we combine both our businesses. The way to think about it in terms of the quantification of the impact, Eric is, if you think about my announced $150 million coming from growth initiatives, about 50% of those $150 million about $75 million belong to Nutrition. So they're going to be accrued to Nutrition. And in Nutrition, Neovia will be the largest of the acquisitions that are coming to compose those $75 million. So, with that you can get a feeling for how much will Neovia contribute and we'll start in 2019.
Eric Larson: Okay. Okay good. And then obviously you had an amazing year in Oilseeds and obviously, you've got more difficult comps going forward. But I think you also were able to build a pretty strong book I think in -- believe in the first half of this year based upon some crush margins that we saw throughout the second half of last year. Can you give us a better flavor for how you think the Oilseed division should look for the full year?
Juan Luciano: Yes sure. Listen, I think that as you said it before, probably the crush environment in 2019 will not be as spectacular as maybe 2018. But we still believe given global demand, the strength that we have around 3% outside China that this business will still maintain crush margins well above the average that we have seen over the last five years. On top of that, I think you need to consider about all the incremental contributions that our business will get from the Brazilian acquisition Algar, the SoyVen joint venture in Egypt, and some of the expansions that we have done to our own capacity and improvements in that capacity. On top of that, I would say you will have to add the turnaround we're planning to see in the peanut and tree nuts business in 2019. That was a little bit of an unexpected headwind in 2018. We're not planning to have the same in 2019. So, overall, I would say probably a little bit softer than 2018, but still a very solid performance by the Oilseeds in 2019.
Eric Larson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone. Juan, just on the corporate expense, I mean, it's getting pretty sizable compared to the overall profitability of the business. And I'm just wondering did the centralization of it versus of allocation to the segments, I mean, what are sort of the pros and cons to doing that? Maybe I'm a little bit more focused on the cons of maybe centralizing it and not allocating it by segment doesn't sort of -- could potentially send wrong signals in terms of capital allocation investments in those businesses. So, how are you thinking about it?
Ray Young: Yes, I think -- Vincent, its Ray here. I think one of the important initiatives on Readiness is this aspect of getting towards common global processes and standardizing our activity. So, over the course of 2018, we did centralize more of the purchasing activities, the procurement activities, right? So, we took some of the activities out of the businesses and centralized it. Same thing for marketing activities. And so therefore, it's actually important as part of our whole Readiness initiative to actually get these groups together in order to kind of drive the standardization and the common processes. So, therefore, the -- part of the increase year-over-year is due to this type of centralization. The other part of the increased corporate cost is what we talked about is our investments in R&D, investments in information technology, the business transformation. Even though they're spending, we do view these things like investments, right; in terms of better the company for the future. And so it's really -- those are the two main drivers in terms of year-over-year costs. When we actually look at our core central staff cost, theyve actually gone down year-over-year, right? So, I mean, normally when people think about firm, you think about core costs and those costs are actually being driven down. So I think that we're trying to drive down that costs, take some of the savings, there's some shift in terms of some costs moving towards corporate as we centralize activities, and we're investing more frankly in terms of the innovation, R&D, and business transformation.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thank you. And just to follow-up. In the quarter in Oilseeds, were there any mark-to-market reversals?
Ray Young: The net impact on mark-to-markets in Oilseeds for the quarter was not material. So, therefore, normally we would call out if it was something above $50 million. The fact we're not calling out anything indicates that it was not a material impact for the quarter.
Vincent Andrews: But it could have been $49 million.
Ray Young: It wasn't material.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Juan Luciano: Hi, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. So I wanted to go back to some of the pieces on 2019 that you laid out make sure that I'm thinking about this properly. So I believe you called out $150 million tailwind from some of the growth investments in M&A that you've done. You talked about recovering $150 million to $200 million from some of the operational challenges at Decatur and the nut processing that you experienced in 2018. There's about an $80 million or so headwind on interest expense, if I was doing that right, $20 million, $40 million headwind on corporate. The biodiesel tax credit, if it doesn't come back, that's $120 million headwind year-on-year. And the tax rate is up a little bit.
Juan Luciano: Yes.
Adam Samuelson: And so after that which the net still modestly positive at the net income line, the question is kind of how much do you net realize on the cost savings relative to kind of broader cyclical dynamics in oilseed crush, ethanol, and Origination. Is that the right framework?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think that's the right algorithm. So what we're thinking is you have the margins, the ups and downs of every year and then we have the things that we can control. And we laid them out and I think you repeated them very well. It's improved performance, which is $150 million to $200 million. It's the Readiness activity, which is $200 million to $250 million. We have rolled into Readiness all our previous operation and excellence activities. So we're not going to have that bucket anymore. Its part of this Readiness. And then we're going to have the $150 million from all the accretion of growth investment that we have recently done. So you take that minus the headwinds that you described plus or minus your view of the market conditions in 2019 and that's what we consider. Still that despite maybe some modest reduction in crush margins versus the previous year, we expect that we're well positioned to grow profits in 2019.
Ray Young: Yes. And Adam don't forget then the Other segment. Okay? And this year was burdened by a lot of underwriting losses. We're assuming 2019 to be more of a normal year. So I gave guidance of $120 million in Other versus this calendar year was more like a $58 million number. So don't forget that delta as you kind of build up the model as well.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And then so just maybe going into some of the underlying kind of businesses' cyclical dynamics a little bit. On the crush margin side, I mean, still strong. I was just trying to make sure, I mean, where we were in 2Q and 3Q with board crush that was $1.50 plus relative to board crush that's been hovering around the $0.90 to $1 since November. I'm just trying to -- is it just Europe is better soft seed Brazil? Just help me think about the different geographies and how that plays into what you see on the board crush, which suggests a big headwind in the middle of the year.
Juan Luciano: Yes. We continue to see Adam a strong utilization in North America. We have a good book through Q1. We've seen gross margins $30 to $35 per ton in Q1. So utilization rates continue to be high. We continue to export meal and domestic off-take continues to be robust. Actually our customers are reporting -- I mean, if you talk to the poultry customers are reporting that they believe that poultry demand has not peaked. And they see through low pricing and some of the new retail options that they're being offered right now that we're going to continue to grow per-capita consumption. So we're optimistic there. In canola, in the U.S. margins are 25 to 45 maybe the dollars per ton for Q1, and we have profitable export oil flows there. So if you think about Europe, in Europe markets are at the carry. So customers are a little bit more hand to mouth. So maybe we don't have in Europe the same book forward than we have in North America. But mid-proteins meals seems to be in good demand from Europe itself, but also some are replacement in China. So that's supporting grape seed meal prices. So in general, margins are near $35 per ton in Europe. If we go to South America there is a wide range in Brazil where we have some $10 to $15 per ton crush margins growth in export facilities and where we have maybe $25 to $30 per ton in gross margins in facilities that are geared toward domestic market. Maybe domestic market facilities has a little bit better ownership of beans. And we have domestic meal premiums, but also some opportunities to export meal while Argentina still got to their harvest. Paraguay we're facing a little bit of smaller crop in Paraguay maybe 10%, 12% lower because of the drought there. So we expect to run about in the high 80s in terms of utilization there. So, maybe a little pressure there. My understanding is that crush margins have improved recently in China for Q1. They are about something between $10 and $15 per ton. So that's kind of going around the world a little bit on the crush side.
Adam Samuelson: I really appreciate all that color. Ill pass it on. Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Okay. Thank you, Adam.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Yeah, hi, good morning.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ann.
Ray Young: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Duignan: Maybe two questions, Juan. First we've kind of missed the export opportunity now for the season for U.S. soybeans to China. So could you talk about what that damage has done, what it might do and what are the structural now that at least Argentina is back producing more than it did last year? And then secondly, we're just talking again about Argentina on the crush side. What would you anticipate they'll do? Will they export more beans? Will China pull more beans from them? Or will they export more meal which they generally do? I'm just curious what drives is there.
Juan Luciano: Yes. So, I would say regarding the U.S. exports as I think Ray mentioned in his prepared remarks, we were able -- thanks to our Global Trade group, but also our destination marketing group to offset in last Q4. Probably 70% of the volume that we were thinking China was going to take part with corn exports that grew significantly year-over-year and part by sending it to either our own Crush in Europe or other destinations maybe Thailand and other places. So that again boots on the ground in destination marketing was very helpful to move those beans around. In our scenario planning, if you will for 2019, we are expecting at least the trade dispute with China either resolved during the year in the trade aspects, whether we continue to discuss other issues with China later on. But we think that the trade will be part of the solution during 2019. So we're still counting with maybe smaller than other years, but still sizable exports from the U.S. in Q4 from soybeans. That is our predominant scenario at this point in time. The second part of your question, sorry, Ann?
Ray Young: Argentina.
Juan Luciano: Oh, Argentina and whether we're going to export beans. So I think -- first of all, this is going to be the full season of Argentina operating without a DET. So it will be interesting to see how they behave whether they are a little bit more disciplined seller out there. I think there's still Argentina's year to sell more meal. And so I would expect that Brazil or the U.S. will take the brunt of the export of soybeans and Argentina will export the meal.
Ann Duignan: Okay. I'll live it there and get back in queue. I appreciate it.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ann.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with The Vertical Group. Your line is open.
Heather Jones: Good morning.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Heather.
Heather Jones: Thank you. I just had a follow-up question on the operational issues you guys had in 2018, specifically on Decatur and lysine. So you all talked about those issues meaningfully impacting Q4. So one wondering if that's been resolved. But the second part of that is the explosion you had earlier this calendar year like -- so when should we start to see the giveback of Decatur normalizing?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So Heather, I think you need to think about the Decatur process as a revitalization process if you will. Decatur is a plant that traditionally has been the low-cost operations for us. And so as such, we have put a lot into Decatur. It's a very integrated complex, but is also a very complex, complex if you will. And so in 2017 we have outages related to electrical infrastructure. And in 2018 we've reduced the unplanned outages because of that by 90%. So we made significant progress. Now we are -- continue to revitalize some of the equipment in the facility with planned outages this time to improve the reliability of the plant. This effort of course will yield long-term operational stability and especially at high utilization rates. That's what we try to do normally from this plant very high. I think the issue on lysine is slightly different in which lysine we introduced a lot of new technologies in both fermentation and downstream processes, basically to improve the cost position. And we've seen already evidence of those improvements. The problem is we need a stable source of dextrose from the corn plant. So lysine is receiving a little bit of the shocks of the planned outages that we're having in Decatur as we try to fix Decatur. So I will say you're still going to see some of that in this quarter and then they will start tapering-off and we should be completely out of all this by the second half of the year and you will see the improvement. But the impact in 2018 was significant. It was probably in the tune of $30 million to $40 million in each of the businesses in Carbohydrate Solutions and Nutrition and we expect that number to be significantly reduced for 2019.
Heather Jones: Okay, okay. Thank you. And then going back to your comment about soybean meal demand, you mentioned that you're expected to be -- I thought you said up 3% for the year and you mentioned China in that statement. Is that your estimate based upon where soybean meal is from a price positioning basis, but also taking into consideration the impact of ASF in China?
Juan Luciano: Yes. No my comment was 2.5% to 3% outside China, outside China. China, it's difficult to call at this point in time. I think that -- we hope that the ASF situation is getting a little bit better. We've seen the government lightening up a little bit in some of the bans in transportation of pigs -- between the provinces. So hopefully that's an indication that they see this as slightly getting better. But as you know it takes an animal 18 20 months to get to breeding stages. So the rebuilding of the herd is going to take a while. So we expect that to drive -- in the short term to supply the demand of China to drive imports of either pork or chicken. And we think that that's going also support the demand in the other place where we produce. So greeting the exact demand in China is going to be difficult how do they come back from Chinese New Year? I mean how much of a psychological impact all these ASF situation has had in the Chinese consumer? We will have to look at that.
Heather Jones: So just to push back on that a little bit. What is driving your lower view on the two -- on the demand outside China because 2.5% to 3% is a pretty significant slowing? So what's driving that view?
Juan Luciano: We've been close to customers and all that, and so that's kind of where the team is assuming at this point in time the demand to be.
Heather Jones: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you and good morning.
Juan Luciano: Good morning David.
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask a little bit more about Project Readiness. I believe Juan, the goal is $1 billion in savings in two years. And I think you said on the call here that 2019 will deliver $200 million to $250 million of incremental savings for year 2019. Is that to then say that the subtraction then would be that all the balance of this shows up in 2020?
Ray Young: Yes. Just so -- so for clarification, so the $1 billion run rate by the end of 2020 is a run rate right? And as we've talked out not necessarily everything on the run rate will flow through the bottom line, because there's going to be some offsets in terms of either inflation or just reinvestment of some of the savings. What Juan indicated in terms of $200 million, $250 million savings in 2019 represents the year-over-year improvement from Readiness. So therefore, this would be additive towards the 2018 results and that reflects the combination of the run rate savings that we're going to generate this year, but also some of the run rate savings that we generate at the end of 2018 flowing through and net of inflation here. So this is a net number that we're talking about in terms of improvements in 2019 compared to 2018 from Readiness just for clarification.
David Driscoll: What's the remaining net number then after you complete 2019? So I'm getting lost here between this gross number of $1 billion and the net number that you're calling out to the bottom line. What's the residual that would be left over for 2020 and 2021?
Juan Luciano: It's probably in the range of $0.5 billion.
David Driscoll: Okay. It's still very sizable. Okay. Okay. That's very helpful.
Juan Luciano: And I think you have to say  David you have to see we have a quick start in 2018 with the $300 million, because there were a lot of ready-to-implement opportunities that actually require less capital or less changes in processes. So you can  you do more of those at the beginning. Then 2019, we'll have more foundational things that are related to processes or technologies. And then you're going to see again an acceleration as all those projects are implemented into 2020. So I think that's a little bit the cadence. We did the easy ones at the beginning. Now we're doing the more fundamental ones that take a little bit more work and then you're going to get the benefit of all that infrastructure into 2020. That's why the $300 million, $200 million to $250 million and $500 million kind of cadence if you will.
David Driscoll: Very helpful. Last question for me is just a clarification on some of the answers you guys gave to a few other questions as it relates to China and the potential for a deal with the U.S. and China on trade. Is it  all the numbers that you've given on the call is the base assumption that we get a trade deal with the Chinese by the end of February? Is that the base assumption when you laid out all these various numbers? And then, can you give us some sensitivity of, if we don't get a trade deal what happens to your thoughts Juan on the outlook for the ADM business? How much volatility could we or should we expect, if the outcome does not occur for the base assumption?
Juan Luciano: Yes, David. So, our assumption is not that the trade deal is resolved now in the first quarter. We have it more like half of the year. So we're thinking, if there are any benefits come they will come in Origination in the last quarter of 2019. I will say, whether  the different scenarios whether we have a resolution or not, it depends on what kind of end deal we  the both  or end state both governments end up into this. If these are portrayed trade war or complete dispute, I think it's going to be bad for everybody. I think it's going to be bad for the global economy, and then it's difficult to forecast what's going to happen. I would say in a scenario in which we continue like this which is a negotiation and with trade especially in agricultural products could be used as a token, if you will or as a contribution to  towards a bigger agreement. I think that we can handle the different scenarios. In a scenario in which we have no agreement probably beans in the U.S. are continued to be cheap. Crush margins will continue to be high, like maybe they were last year and we will have lower exports of soybeans from North America. In a scenario in which we get an agreement and China try to buy more agricultural products from the United States, we'll probably have higher origination -- elevation margins in Q4. We'll probably have a hopefully some ethanol flowing into China that could help ethanol margins and we'll probably have a slowing down of crush in North America, or at least, a reduction in Crush margins versus 2018. So, we are in the middle of kind of those scenarios and we manage those scenarios. And I'm not saying they are neutral to us, but we can manage through both of them and see still us maintaining our forecast for 2019.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Juan Luciano: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. This is more of a modeling question. But I think you guided net interest expense. Is it going to be up $200 million year-over-year, is that correct?
Ray Young: I think we indicated that we're going to be $100 million per quarter, so $400 million for the calendar year. That's what we're seeing that should be for 2019.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Am I adding the difference correctly though? I mean you had only $200 million in 2018 because I think that's the math isn't it? So, it's $200 million incrementally year-over-year of interest expense net?
Ray Young: We were higher in 2018. We're actually -- I think we're higher than that. I think we're just -- we're going to be higher, but I think it was about $40 million or something like that. But we can just follow-up with you on a one-to-one afterwards.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Maybe I'm modeling this wrong. But what I'm really trying to get at is you have higher interest expense. Does the operating income from your acquisitions offset the higher interest expense? And really -- and what does that mean for dilution in 2019?
Ray Young: No it does. It does. I mean -- and so it more than offsets in terms of the impact. So we can follow up one-on-one with you on the incremental year-over-year on a managerial basis.
Robert Moskow: Do you have an operating income number for how much the acquisition's at in 2019?
Ray Young: Well, I think Juan was talking about growth in general right? It was going to contribute about $150 million. And while that
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right. Ill go offline. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yeah, hi. I was wondering if you guys could provide us a little bit more of an update on how high fructose corn syrup contracting is going and your expectations for 2019?
Juan Luciano: Yeah, sure Michael. Good morning. Listen, contracting is done. Of course, we started earlier the process last year and I would say we finished with volumes and margins overall consistent with last year. So we've been able to hold margins and volumes in general. Of course, there were some pickup of both year-end losses there up and down. But in general I would say consistent with 2018 for both margins and volume.
Michael Piken: Okay, great. And then shifting over to Origination. Could you give us any idea in terms of how much more room there is for growth in terms of your destination marketing volumes and what the cadence might look like over the next couple of years there? And which markets you're targeting? Thanks.
Ray Young: Yes. I think the team continues to look for more opportunities. It's just, all the numbers have grown dramatically, more than doubled over the past five years. I think the rate of increase that you're going to see going forward volume-wise is going to be probably lower in terms of the rate of increase, because we've gotten to a lot of the markets that we are initially targeted. But clearly, they're still markets. For example, in Southeast Asia, in parts of Central America, parts of Middle East that we still view, there's opportunities for further growing that business. So I would say there's still going to be growth, although, not at the same rate that we've seen in the past few years.
Michael Piken: All right. Terrific. I'll pass it on.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ken.
Ray Young: Hey, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Two questions. One is, Juan, in the opening comments you said that you improved your Origination in the U.S. What did you do? And what was the process to which you did that?
Juan Luciano: Yes. We did several swaps and closure of elevators, just adjusting our footprint basically to where our production is and making sure that we have the right elevator tributaries to our export facilities or plants, so normal pruning and improvement of that. But we also grew our North American fertilizer distribution business, our stevedoring business. So many, many good things have been doing, the Grain guys in the U.S., also more digital tools, better marketing, thanks to the -- even providing better marketing tools to the farmers. But I will say, specifically to the footprint, I mean, we normally -- we have like, I mean, 200 buying stations. So normally there is some churning and I think the team was very aggressive in making sure that we shut down the ones that we needed to shut down and we move personnel to others that maybe had more volume opportunities.
Ken Zaslow: My second question, it starts out as an observation, but it'll probably lead to a question. One is, if you think about your competitors in both high-fructose corn syrup and crushing, you made two interesting observations. One is, your risk management in South America on Crushing saved you and it was successful. And then, the last question you answered -- asked and answered was, the way that you think about your high-fructose corn syrup margins is that the pricing was actually fairly successful and that you're able to continue to do that. That is both in contrast to your competitors. So the question that I'm asking is, is there a process that you undergo that's differentiated than your competitors? And would you actually benefit from a greater sizable asset in either parts of the world?
Juan Luciano: Hard to know how our process compares to our competitor. Of course, I think one of the big advantages that I always pride ADM for having is, first of all, a great team, but also I think the fact that we keep the company relatively tight. I mean, before the acquisition of Neovia, we were a steady 1,000 people, which we handle about $60-something billion of revenue, help us to not only the agility but the sharing of information I think. Every Monday morning we have a risk meeting, where, like, 20 or 30 people are in that goal. And I think that these are people that work very well together. They know what they do very well. And in general, you know us, we try to hedge our margins, maybe to do some basis trading. But fundamentally, we try to leverage our asset base, because we believe the asset base of a company like ADM is irreplaceable, so we take advantage on that and that's where we make the money. In terms of, we would like to get bigger anywhere I think that our objective is always trying to get better. And I think that as we get better we could be bigger one day. But I think that the most important thing through Readiness and everything we do is that we are very honest. And despite we have a very good 2018, we're still not satisfied. We probably left a couple of $100 million on the table on things that we should have done better and Readiness is tackling that is how do we continue to get better before we get any bigger. So, even from a capital allocation perspective you heard us doing Neovia and we did Florida Chemicals and we may conclude that maybe another small deal that we could be negotiating here or there, but in general 2018 was a year of pausing in terms of our M&A and actually consolidate all these get our returns from all these, and again continue to think about getting better versus getting bigger. I think when we get better eventually we will get bigger, because we will be the best operators of assets out there.
Ken Zaslow: Well, you're starting to differentiate yourself. Well, well done. Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Victoria de la Huerga: Hi. It's Victoria. Thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we'll be participating. And as always, please feel free to follow-up with me, if you have any other questions. Have a good day. And thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes the Archer Daniels Midland Company fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Victoria de la Huerga - Archer Daniels Midland Company Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.
Analysts: Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President Investor Relation (sic) [Vice President-ADM Ventures] (00:25) for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. de la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga - Archer Daniels Midland Company: Thank you, Jack. Good morning and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors and are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC report. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results, as well as the drivers of our performance in the quarter and our thoughts on the balance of the year. Then Juan will discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, all, for joining us today. This morning, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.92, up from $0.45 in the prior year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $861 million, up nearly 60% year-over-year. And our fourth quarter trailing ROIC of 8.3% is more than 200 basis points above our annual WACC. Our team continued to capitalize on robust global demand with good execution and great utilization of our global footprint. And while delivering another strong quarter, the team also did a great job advancing our strategic plan, executed on key growth projects and accelerating our Readiness efforts as we build the foundation to take our performance even higher. Looking back on some of key accomplishments, in optimizing the core, our South American origination team manages risk positions well, including the Brazilian freight situation, and is up substantially year-to-date over 2017. We continued to optimize our North American origination footprint, monetize our investment in Agrible, and as mentioned last quarter, we completed the divestiture of our Bolivian oilseeds business during the quarter. In our efforts to drive efficiencies, our operational excellence initiatives have delivered cost savings of more than $200 million on a run rate basis over the first three quarters of the year, already meeting our full year 2018 target. We will, of course, continue those efforts. In strategic expansion, our Origination business is making important investments in digital and innovation capabilities with our just announced GrainBridge joint venture and our work with other industry players to modernize the global agricultural value chain. In Oilseeds, we announced that we are acquiring certain assets of Algar Agro, particularly two crush, refining and packaging facilities in Brazil, which will further strengthen our processing presence in that important region. Our Carbohydrates Solution business is working to add industrial starch capacity to several facilities to meet market demand, and we celebrated the opening of our modernized flour mill in Enid, Oklahoma, this quarter. And in Nutrition, we completed our acquisitions of Rodelle and Protexin. We'll close on the Neovia acquisition in coming months, and opened the latest in our series of high tech customer innovation centers in Shanghai. We're also moving very quickly in advancing Readiness. Readiness is central to our strategic goals. It underpins and supports each of our pillars of our plan. We're excited about the progress we're making and the opportunities we are creating with Readiness. Around the globe, our colleagues are identifying, analyzing and now have begun executing on initiatives that are building a foundation for increasing earnings growth in the years to come. I'll be talking more about Readiness in our outlook later on this call. Now I'll turn it over to Ray to talk about the quarter.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thanks, Juan. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. As Juan mentioned, adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.92, up from the $0.45 in the prior year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $861 million, up $321 million from the year-ago quarter. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC continued its upward trajectory reaching 8.3%, more than 200 basis points above our 2018 annual WACC. Thus, generating positive EVA of $546 million. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 15%, up slightly from the exceptionally low rate of 13% in the prior year. For the full year 2018, we expect our effective tax rate to be closer to the lower end of the 16% to 18% range that we guided earlier in the year. On chart 18, the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.94 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.92 per share. For this quarter, we had a $0.01 per share charge related to LIFO, a $0.40 per share credit related to gains on sales of investments, and a $0.01 per share charge related to discrete tax items. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. The Other segment results increase on stronger ADM Investor Services earnings due to higher short-term interest rates, and improved underwriting results from our captive insurance subsidiary. In the Corporate lines, net interest expense for the quarter increased due to higher short-term interest rates and higher borrowings. Unallocated corporate costs of $161 million were up versus the prior year due to performance related compensation accruals and higher project spending on Information Technology and growth related projects. Turning to our cash flow statement on slide 6. We generate $1.9 billion from operations before working capital changes in the first nine months of the year, an increase of more than 19%. Total capital spending in the first nine months was $555 million, in line with our expectation for the year. Acquisition spending amounted to $324 million, which includes our additions of Protexin and Rodelle. We also returned $568 million of capital to shareholders through dividends. Therefore, we continued our balanced approach to capital spending, acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of September 30 for 2018 and 2017. Our balance sheet remains solid. Our operating working capital of $8 billion was up approximately $100 million versus the year-ago period. Total debt was about $7.9 billion, resulting in a net debt balance of $6.9 billion. We finished the quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 27%, in line with the year-ago quarter. Our shareholders equity of $19 billion is up from the $17.6 billion last year, primarily due to net earnings in excess of dividends and repurchases. We had $6.8 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of September. If you add the available cash, we had access to $7.7 billion of short-term liquidity. One additional item to note. Last week we completed the transfer of about $0.5 billion of U.S. retiree liabilities to an insurance company which will cover the benefits of about 3,800 U.S. retirees starting in 2019. This represents an important part of our ongoing efforts to manage our U.S. pension plan risk. As a result of this transfer, we expect to take $110 million to $130 million pre-tax non-cash pension settlement charge in the fourth quarter which will be an item for adjusted EPS purposes. Next, I'll discuss our business segment performance for the quarter. Please turn to slide 8. In the third quarter, we earned $861 million of adjusted operating profit, excluding specified items, up almost 60% from the $541 million in last year's third quarter. Now I'll review the performance of each segment as well as some thoughts on the fourth quarter. Starting on slide 9, Origination results were up substantially year-over-year with all businesses showing improvements. Merchandising and Handling was significantly higher versus the weak third quarter of 2017 as the team did a great job managing through a volatile price environment. In North America, we capitalized on our strong asset base to deliver higher volumes and margins including strong export sales, particularly of corn, to customers in markets outside of China. In Global Trade, there was a similar story, as the team delivered stronger year-over-year results. The group did a great job to plan and execute through the droughts in Europe and Australia, utilizing our global network of origination assets and our expanding destination marketing capabilities to meet increasing demand for crops and products, particularly soybeans and meal in those regions. Transportation results more than doubled year-over-year as the ARTCO team utilized its assets including the stevedoring capabilities we have invested in to capitalize on strong freight rates and export demand, and deliver higher volumes and margins. Looking ahead for Origination, we expect North American operations to be pressured by lower elevation margins due to the lack of China demand, partially offset by export demand from the rest of the world, including from our destination marketing business. Overall fourth quarter results are expected to be solid, but lower than Q4 2017 which included positive impacts from insurance settlements and other income. For the full year, we expect Origination results to be substantially higher than the prior year and exceeding our expectations at the beginning of 2018. Now to slide 10. Oilseeds results were also up significantly over the prior year period as the business delivered another strong quarter. The Crushing and Origination team set a new overall record for global crush volumes. The team leveraged its strong global asset base and our growing destination marketing capabilities as robust global meal demand, the short crop in Argentina and the continuing U.S.-China trade situation combined to support higher crush margins. Soybean crush was the major driver of earnings growth in the business with North America, EMEA and South America all delivering substantially higher results year-over-year. Softseed results had a significant improvement from the third quarter of 2017 with particularly good results in EMEA. Refining, Packaging, Biodiesel and Other was down versus the third quarter of 2017. Biodiesel was up substantially year-over-year and refined oils, including edible oils, continued to perform well. Peanut shelling margins were significantly lower as large peanut inventories amid difficult market conditions resulted in some inventory write-downs. Lastly, Asia was higher on strong Wilmar results. Looking ahead to Q4, we expect very strong year-over-year growth as we continue to capitalize on a good global soy crush environment. Our PBL is expected to be in line with the prior year as global food and Biodiesel businesses should perform well. We expect continued softness in our peanut shelling business for the fourth quarter as we continue to take actions to improve results. For the calendar year, we expect Oilseeds to continue to benefit from the many strategic actions the team has taken, from operations enhancements to growth initiatives to portfolio management and deliver excellent results, significantly higher both than the prior year and what we had anticipated earlier this year. Slide 11, please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were slightly lower than the year-ago period. Starches and Sweeteners delivered solid results, slightly below the strong prior year period. We continue to see a solid North American market for liquid sweeteners and the group delivered good margins and volumes in the quarter, offset by higher input and manufacturing costs. EMEA sweeteners continued to benefit from recent acquisitions, particularly our Chamtor facility in France, delivering good results despite sugar oversupply in the region that is pressuring sweetener prices. Flour milling was higher on strong weak procurement results and timing effects in both the U.S. and Canada. Bioproducts results were down. The team did a good job managing risk in extremely weak ethanol industry margin environment. Beverage and industrial alcohols had improved results, benefiting from renewed focus after the reconfiguration of our Peoria dry mill. Our North American sweeteners and bioproducts results were also impacted by Decatur downtime issues as we continued to make improvements to the long-term reliability of the complex. Looking ahead, we anticipate Carbohydrate Solutions to have lower results in the fourth quarter than in the comparable period last year with better results in Starches and Sweeteners offset by lower results in Bioproducts. As we discussed last quarter, we will continue to have downtime in our Decatur complex for the rest of the year as we make important upgrades. We expect the underlying Starches and Sweeteners market to remain solid. The industrial starch market represents an increasingly important part of that product mix driven by growing needs for containerboard from e-commerce and we're expanding our starch production capacity to ensure we can capitalize on that growing opportunity. For the full year, we expect results for the Carbohydrates Solutions business to be lower than 2017 driven by ethanol margins and Decatur downtime. On slide 12, Nutrition was in line with the prior year period with a very strong quarter from WFSI, offset by weaker performance in lysine. We continue to see good performance across WFSI, with results significantly higher than the prior year period. The business delivered an impressive 10% year-over-year sales growth on a constant currency basis and profit growth of more than 30%. WILD EMEA and North American results were substantially higher on portfolio mix and improved volumes, and we continued to add to our portfolio with the completion of our Rodelle acquisition. In Specialty Ingredients, emulsifiers and proteins continued to perform well with strong year-over-year growth and the Health and Wellness business continued to grow with the addition of Protexin. In Animal Nutrition, issues developed during the quarter that constrained lysine production volumes and increased manufacturing cost, contributing to lower year-over-year results. Changes in industry vitamin pricing also impacted premix margins. For the fourth quarter, we expect to continue to see fundamental underlying strength in the Nutrition business. We anticipate continued strong sales growth from WFSI as customers and consumers continue to seek out healthy and functional ingredients. On the Animal Nutrition side, premix margin should return to normal levels and we'll see some residual lysine production issues. Overall, Nutrition results for the fourth quarter should be modestly improved over Q4 of 2017. For calendar year 2018, Nutrition results should be substantially higher than the full year of 2017 providing strong momentum for continued growth. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to slide 13. As you heard, we are anticipating a strong year. Across the company, we are seeing our team perform well and we're realizing the benefits from our actions. Things are going well, but we can't stand still. We must keep getting better. We have enormous potential and a great opportunity to build on our position of strength and take our performance to a new level through the increasing benefits from the strategic growth investments we have made, and through accelerating our Readiness efforts. Turning first to growth. A major piece of the strategic plan we laid out in 2014 was expanding our portfolio into businesses that had strong growth potential and more stable earnings, and also growing our geographic footprint. We started by acquiring WILD Flavors in 2014 and combining it with the significant portfolio of Specialty Ingredients, our Corn and Oilseeds businesses already produced, to create WFSI providing an immediate global leadership position in the flavor and value-added ingredients space. Our approach with WILD was first to enhance the profitability of the business, resulting in an impressive 20 plus percent compound annual growth rate in OP between 2015 and our 2018 projection. Then, we invested to expand the portfolio even further. We're building revenue synergies with bolt-on acquisitions like Eatem Foods, Harvest Innovations and Rodelle. We're expanding into the rapidly growing personalized nutrition space with Biopolis and Protexin and we are investing in state-of-the-art customer innovation centers in the U.S., Singapore, Australia and China. Today, we are seeing the results of that strategic approach with top-line Q3 revenue growth in WFSI of 10% year-over-year, and 35% OP growth. This same approach of first driving profitability improvements and then a strong revenue growth is the one we plan to replicate with Neovia at our Animal Nutrition business. We've delivered success and we're excited to do it again. Importantly, even as we have expanded our portfolio, we have continued investing in our traditional businesses. Around the globe, we have expanded our footprint and capabilities from the construction of new plants like our Animal Nutrition facilities in China, or our new pea protein plant in Enderlin, South Dakota, to acquisitions like Eaststarch and Chamtor to joint ventures like Medsofts, Industries Centers, SoyVen and Aston. Taken together, we have made more than $5 billion in growth investments since 2014. We have launched six new plants globally, purchased and integrated 17 companies, formed four new joint ventures, and added five new innovation centers and labs. We have also divested more than $2 billion in businesses and assets that were less strategic or were not going to achieve our returns objectives, including our cocoa and chocolate businesses. We made many of our investments during times of strong industry headwinds while still returning more than $8 billion in capital to shareholders, executing our balanced capital allocation framework and maintaining our solid balance sheet. And what really gives me confidence about the future is that while many of these strategic investments have already begun to deliver benefits and be accretive to our results, the full impact of some of the recent ones is still coming. And when you add soon to close deals like Neovia and Algar to that mix, you can see why we're confident that our investments will continue to add to growth in earnings in 2019 and beyond. Next slide, please. Slide 14 shows how Readiness and our strategic plan fit together. Readiness supports each of our three strategic pillars. It's how we are going to take our execution of the plan to an even higher level. So starting next quarter, when we update on how we are advancing the plan, we'll also update on how we are advancing Readiness. Let me give you some context first on the importance of Readiness. Over the past several years, we challenged each of our business units to be the very best in their respective industries and they did precisely that, setting the bar for performance which is one of the reasons for our success this year. Now, through Readiness, we are taking industry-leading practices backed by robust processes and using them across ADM, so we're not just divesting our individual industries, but the very best companies. Readiness is not a cost-cutting program, and it's not just about operational efficiencies. It's about changing the way we work, and as a result, further unleashing our team to deliver revenue growth and margin improvement, more efficient and effective project execution, ongoing sustainable cost savings and industry-leading support to our customers. With Readiness, we're standardizing, centralizing, and digitizing how we do business on an enterprise-wide level and we're improving our execution capabilities across the company. We've reached an exciting point in our Readiness efforts. We moved quickly through the first two phases of Readiness. We started with top-down diligence of the overall value potential, and then we asked colleagues to help plan and identify specific initiatives that would meet our goals. Now, we are moving into implementation. More than 2,000 employees across the company have identified more than 2,500 specific initiatives, and that number continues to grow. The team has done a great job identifying ways that we can build on our success. We are centralizing more activities into global business centers, expanding manufacturing excellence across the enterprise, moving to the next level of key account management to provide faster service while delivering superior customer experience. And we're advancing and embracing digital technologies, like our recent announcements with other industry players. Some initiatives will take time to implement while others smaller initiatives are getting underway, opening opportunities for significant value creation and helping to support business that are facing headwinds in 2018. To accelerate and sustain results, we are training all 31,000 of our colleagues around the world through a program called Ability to Execute, which will help guide fundamental behavioral change in how we do our work every day. As we move into the implementation phase of Readiness, we believe we will be able to generate more than $1 billion of run-rate benefits by the end of year two, or roughly double the rate of operational excellence improvements that we have been achieving over the past few years. In addition to run-rate benefits, some Readiness initiatives will also contribute towards one-time benefits in capital spending and working capital. As I mentioned before, Readiness is about lasting, sustainable change. It is how we will do our work now so the benefits will continue to grow beyond year two. They will ramp up over time in conjunction with the cadence of execution. And some will be used to offset inflation and market factors, but a significant portion will fall to the bottom line. It's an exciting time at ADM. Our team has shown it can pull the right levers to deliver strong growth and earnings, and they are fully engaged in taking ADM to the next level. Between growth and Readiness, and with the global demand outlook that remains robust, we expect 2019 to be an even stronger year for ADM. With that, Jack, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Your line is open.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. This is actually Cornell Burnette in with a few questions for David.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Cornell.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: First question was just kind of going back to something that you said in the press release when you indicated that you expect good momentum to continue at the end of 2018 but also that you expect better earnings and returns in 2019. So I just wanted to be clear. Is that you guys basically expressing your confidence that, in 2019, we do have all of the pieces in place such that we can see EPS grow over what we've done this year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, Cornell, we do believe so. We believe clearly that 2019 we will  we can grow earnings versus 2018. Demand continues to be robust across our businesses, we have a lot of momentum in margins in some of our businesses, and we feel excited about both access of growth earnings that I described, the strategic growth that we have invested in over the last couple of years. We have several acquisitions that we're going to have being accretive in 2019 that we didn't have in 2018. We have several projects coming into operations that we're going to have in 2019 that we didn't have in 2018. And we're going to have the benefit of Readiness that actually will start being accretive, as I described, with about $1 billion run rate savings by the end of year two, but they're going to be growing in 2019 as well. The other issue that you shouldn't underestimate is in 2018, not everything went our way as well. We have issues in the Golden Peanut business that we haven't had in the past and we are planning to correct those issues for 2019. We have issues in  whether it's in Decatur reliability on lysine that are issues that we're going to put behind at the end of Q4. So we're going to have several things that actually were headwinds in 2018 that will not be there in 2019. So between those things that we're going to fix, but the growth initiatives that are coming to be accretive in 2019 plus Readiness, we feel strongly about 2019 being better than 2018.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And just a follow-up maybe on the oilseed crushing side. Just wondering what's your visibility into maybe kind of the crush market environment in the first half, particularly in first half of next year and is it safe for us to assume that you've been able to go in and lock in a good portion of your crushing in Qs 1 and maybe even in Qs 2?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, Cornell. I mean, normally in our hedging programs we would go out several quarters and so it's fair to say that we do have some portion of the early part of 2019 already hedged. I think it's important to understand also like  you know, I know people are looking at crush margins, right now, they're bouncing around a little bit. It's actually quite volatile at this juncture. When we look outside into the future, we're actually seeing continued solid demand for soybean meal. I mean, global demand for soybean meal is probably going to be running at 4% to 4.5%. And so I know there's a little bit of noise right now in terms of crush margins, a lot of it driven by the rumors regarding U.S. and China, but we always look at underlying supply demand and so from our perspective, we actually believe it's a very healthy demand environment for soybean meal. And also demand for oil remains robust, particularly on the biodiesel side. So we actually feel good about where crush margins are heading into future here. Will it be at the same average level of 2018? Maybe not, but it doesn't mean that's going to drop dramatically. So we believe that we're in a period whereby crush margins, soy crush margins, are going to remain healthy. And then with what Juan mentioned in terms of all the different initiatives that we're driving in Oilseeds, particularly the acquisitions that we're doing, including Algar, the Readiness initiatives, the improvement in Brazil. I mean, the Brazilian freight situation clearly had an impact on a lot of the merchandisers in Brazil. That's going to get behind us at the end of the year. So we feel good about where Oilseeds is heading in 2019 and adds to, again, the confidence that Juan had expressed regarding year-over-year earnings growth.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then lastly, I guess on the softseed side, seemed like you made some comments that softseed crushing, the results kind of picked up and strengthened a bit in the quarter. So just wondering, kind of, what's driving maybe some of the improvement on the softseed side and is that an area where, in 2019, you think you could see better results?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I mean, clearly the short soybean crop in Argentina resulted in less meal heading into export markets, including over the year. So hence, our softseed crushing operations in Europe benefit from a combination of less supply out of South America, but also just good solid demand, particularly in the biodiesel side and so that contributed towards really some very healthy margins that we've seen in the European crush environment.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Thanks a lot. With that, I'll pass it along.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, and good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just wondering, maybe two things. One, if you could, to the extent you can right now, give us a little bit more modeling help on Readiness for this year  I'm sorry  for next year, and maybe the year after, just in terms of how we should be ascribing it to different line items and just sort of that pace of that run rate. So maybe we could just start there.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: So again, as Juan indicated, we talked about $1 billion run rate savings at the end of year two. So that means end of 2020. So that's a run rate there. It's going to build up over time. It's not in a linear progression towards 2020. And also a part of it is going to be used to offset inflation. We do have inflation in our business, so part of the benefits will offset inflation and some market factors. And so I think how you should be thinking about it, it's a gradual ramp-up, 2019, you recall we're going to have benefits in 2019, but by 2020 you'll get towards the run rate. It's also important to note that it doesn't stop at 2020. Readiness continues. And so while we've kind of indicated $1 billion end of 2020. When you get to 2021, 2022, there's going to be also incremental benefits associated with Readiness.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think, Vincent, you need to ramp it up. Think about the process. So we're training our 31,000 colleagues now. We have the initiatives. About half of the initiatives don't require much in terms of either CapEx, or IT resources, or new people, so we can start tackling and we can ramp up during 2019. Some of them require a little bit more capital, a little bit more IT and processes and maybe more into 2020. So, I would say soft in the first half, accelerating in the second half and then above that in 2020.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And just as a follow-up, could you sort of discuss the farmer selling environment in both the U.S. and Brazil in particular?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I would say in the U.S., recently there's been a little bit of a slowdown over the last couple of weeks in farmer selling. It has been more obviously the farmer keeping their soybeans, thinking about a potential resolution of the trade dispute and whether that could top North American soybeans. In Brazil it's been a little bit more driven by  more than currency and numbers by the freight tables and the uncertainty that that generated. I think, with the recent results in the election, there's going to be much more optimism that the freight table will probably be corrected or eliminated at the beginning of the year. So maybe that change a little bit, but that has been the biggest factor there.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. Great results.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Your line is open.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning. Nice quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning. Thank you.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Heather.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: A couple of questions. I guess I wanted to start first with Q4. So if I heard correctly, you're expecting Origination to be down year-on-year, Carbohydrates down, Oilseeds up strongly and Nutrition in line. But if I remember correctly Q4 2017 there was about a $80 million benefit in merchant handling, but it was essentially like an inter-companies transfer, so I would think we would get some of that back on the Other line this Q4. So I guess I'm trying to get a sense for your view consolidated for Q4. Do you think the improvement  adjusting for that inter-company thing, do you think the improvement in Oilseeds year-on-year is going to be enough to offset the reduction in Carbohydrates and Origination?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: So, Heather, let me see if I can build a picture for you. So in Q4, in Origination, certainly we're not going to have the China demand pull, but the rest of the world will be coming to us, particularly for corn. So we still expect destination marketing to offset some of the export that we have lost with China and we have already, if you will, almost 70% of that bulk, we already know the volume and the margins. So I would say Origination without those $80 million would probably be in line with last year. So I think that the team has done a good job of offsetting some of the China impact in the business. Oilseeds, as you mentioned, and we mentioned before, I expect it to be very strong and much improved versus last year. Healthy crush margins and volumes, that will continue. Carbohydrate Solutions; the issue is Starches and Sweeteners continue to be very solid. The issue  and milling. The issue continues to be ethanol and recently, we have seen people taking some capacity down or  but probably still not enough because obviously we're getting into the low end of the season from a driving perspective. And Nutrition results, although we're still going to have some impact of lysine on the Q4, they're going to be stronger. So we feel we're going to cap a very, very strong year for ADM with a very good quarter for us.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: And Heather, just on your question on Other, yeah, last year we had a big negative on Other because of the insurance payments. So this year we're not going to expect that to have a big negative in Other.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. That's what I thought. Now, moving to 2019. So, I mean, listening to the  if I go back and look at the commentary on Decatur earlier in the year, and then clearly I don't remember the last time I heard you all talk about peanuts, so it must be a big issue. With that and what's going on with lysine, am I wrong in thinking those are sizable tailwinds, assuming they're resolved, sizable tailwinds going into 2019?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, that's what I explained to Cornell in the first question before. The peanut was a combination of difficult merchandising situation in North America, but we also lost pretty much the peanut crop in Argentina. That produced a loss in Argentina that we normally don't have. So that was a loss due to the dry weather in Argentina. So peanut was a very strange situation that normally will not happen to us. As I said, you never heard about peanut before. Then the Decatur plant, it's a plant that, listen, based on the integration of that plant and the great cost position, it's a plant that we normally run very, very aggressively. And we've gotten into some mechanical reliability issues over the summer, especially with the cooling tower. That has impacted that facility. It's a very integrated facility, as you can imagine from a corn wet mill that we produce more than 20 products and that feeds the value products facility where we produce some of our specialties. So that goes into lysine, that goes into some of the polyols or hydrocolloids that we have in Nutrition. So, all these units are very intertwined. So you see the impact over-spilling a little bit in Nutrition and that with Nutrition being a smaller division, it was hit the hardest this quarter just because in sweetener  in Starches and Sweeteners, we have larger volumes we can absorb that a little bit better. So but those issues, we are diligently addressing them. We have seen some improvement already in October. So we foresee that all those issues will be behind us and hopefully we don't pick up new ones in 2019.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: And if I think about Origination in 2019, and let's just assume there's no resolution to the U.S.-China issue, however, there clearly were numerous issues around the globe with wheat crops and I would  it seems intuitive that wheat export demand would be good in 2019, but just can you give us a sense of how 2019's shaping up in your mind for the Origination business, even if there is no help on the China side?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, Heather. So a couple of things here in Origination that you have to think about. First of all, we are utilizing very much our storage. We have tenants for every storage that we have and we have good ownership position. So we're going to continue to get carries as bases (43:31) appreciate. We're certainly going to have if  in the premise that China disputes are not resolved, we're going to have an ability to export a lot from the U.S. as our products will be very competitive. Destination marketing continues to do very well, opened up new markets for us, so we can offset the decline in China exports. And also, we don't offset it one for one, but we  the team has done a very good job of that. Global Trade will continue to match these origins with destination. As you said, with the bad weather in Australia and bad weather in Europe, wheat in the U.S. will become competitive and we will see growth in exports that we didn't have particularly this year. This year, obviously we have drop in soy exports and wheat exports, and we have an increase in corn. So we expect some of that to change for next year. And then, we have some of the businesses that have been growing steadily in our business, in our Origination business, whether it's the Fertilizer business, Transportation doing very strong, and also the Stevedoring business that continue to provide solid year-over-year growth. So, overall, we feel strongly about how Origination is positioning itself. And now, ADM, with other key players in the industry, has taken the lead on bringing digital into the relationship with the farmer. And it's not only the benefit in the relationship with the farmer and our sales and our purchases to the farmer, but also in the cost that can alleviate to us. This had a lot of manual work, there's a lot of paperwork, a lot of waste, very antiquated technology and we think that there is an advantage there to get into blockchain or new digital. So, we feel very good about Origination for 2019, actually.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you so much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thanks. I might not have caught it, but are there any mark-to-market benefits in third quarter in crushing? And if so, does it kind of roll over into fourth quarter and make fourth quarter a little tougher? And then, I guess, what I'm also asking about fourth quarter for crushing and Origination is, obviously, it's going to be a lot better than last year, but is it sequentially improving also? Or is it kind of  I mean, I kind of have it flattish versus third for crushing and Origination.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hey, Rob. It's Ray here. So, normally, in these calls, we would outline any timing effects specifically if it's over $50 million. We've been very consistent about that. So, we didn't outline any timing effects in this call. What's happened this year, Rob, is that we did enact a new cash flow hedge program for U.S. soybean crush. We started at the beginning of the year. We phased it in with the new hedges. So, it actually allows us to actually start deferring a lot of these mark-to-market impacts on soybean crush that really causes a little bit of volatility in our quarterly results. And so, we started the program in the beginning of the year. We phased it in. And so, in this quarter, what was interesting is we did have some favorable  some reversals from the prior quarters, so there was a positive impact there. There were some positive impact related to timing effects on the hedges that didn't qualify for cash flow hedge accounting, but we also had negative timing effects related to the cash positions that are not eligible for this type of deferral. So, on balance, Rob  on balance, we actually had a slight negative timing effect for the quarter, and that will add towards the cumulative negative effects that we had at the end of the second quarter. And so, we are carrying into the fourth quarter and into the new year negative timing effects that will reverse out as we move through frankly the next three quarters.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Complicated...
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hopefully that was clear.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, complicated answer, but at the end of the day it's a slight negative not a positive in third quarter, if you, kind of, reverse it.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. So, the way, it's  the way I kind of look at it, it's a clean quarter that we had in the third quarter results.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah, and so, just sequentially just in terms of the volume you crush maybe in fourth quarter, is the volume higher than in third and, therefore, we should expect fourth quarter to be even better than third?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Normally, that's the case, Rob, right, with the harvest and all that. Normally, the fourth quarter crushing volumes would be a little bit higher than the third quarter crushing volumes. Although I'd just remind you, we had exceptional third quarter crushing volume, just because of strong global demand. So, the delta from third quarter to fourth quarter in terms of increased volumes, like this year, it will be less than normal patterns just because of the strong third quarter.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then the spot margins are kind of moving a little bit lower, but may not  may or may not accurately reflect what's happening. Is that what you're saying?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Don't forget, we had a lot of it hedged already too, right?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Right. Okay. Okay. And then, a follow-up question. You mentioned as part of Readiness that a lot of processes have been standardized and centralized, and I think it's kind of hard for the Street to get a sense of what that means. So, can you give us a couple of examples of processes that have gone through that and how it impacts your bottom line?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, sure. So when we designed the company, you can replicate the company in about 12 global processes. Processes like, for example, prospect to cash is the process from when you get to prospect being a customer all the way to you convert it to customer and you get it to the final cash. And basically, what we do with that is we analyze the process. We look at the number of steps and then we optimize the process to try to determine how many steps can we reduce or simplify or standardize, and basically what that does is two things. It eliminates errors, eliminate waste or low value work, and basically free up people to be out in the street selling more, or actually growing the company with the same amount of people. So if you think about our company, about 60 something billion dollars with 31,000 people, I think that constantly looking at that, and the productivity of our employees, is how can we continue to grow and handle more complexity, and more variety with the same number of people, if you will. And that's what we're trying to do, and that's what we're training the 31,000 people to being able to be more flexible and redeploy them as we grow, and as we achieve more efficiencies. So, this is happening across the company.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, a lot of my specific questions have been answered, but maybe one just looking into 2019. I mean, if we look at states like North Dakota and South Dakota, between them they plan to divide 12 million acres of beans this year, about 60% to 70% of those beans were exported, probably mostly to China. What's your company's thoughts on what happens in these states next year? And how much incremental corn could we see, or wheat, or other crops, could we see being planted next spring? And what might the ramifications of all of that be on ADM's business as we go through 2019, and assuming that the tires stay in place and we get a big swing out of beans in the Midwest.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Sure, Ann. First of all, I think, it's still too early to kind of speculate what the planning intentions will be of the farmers in 2019. I think, when you read a lot of the analyst reports from economic research, it would suggest that we're going to be down on bean acreage and up on corn acreage, right? And so  and also up on wheat acres now. So on balance, the amount planted will probably be very, very similar. Just the mix will be a little bit different. Now how much lower in terms of soybean plantings compared to this year, that's to be determined. I mean, I think, there's a lot of factors that will play out, frankly, over the next several quarters before we get towards a number. But I think the implications for ADM is like there's still going to be strong demand for U.S. products. I mean, even if you take a scenario that U.S.-China trade tensions continue, the rest of the world is actually coming to United States for its products, and we anticipate that will continue in 2019 here. So, as Juan indicated, our outlook for Origination in 2019 remains very robust, based upon strong global demand and based upon the actions we're taking and based upon the growth of our Global Trade business, destination marketing based business, Stevedoring and all the other businesses there.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think, Ann, also as Ray said, I mean, it's almost  it's impossible to forecast changes in policies. So what we work very heavily is in to get our team being very agile and very well-connected between Global Trade and the processing businesses, and also to keep our asset base very flexible. This business it looks stable, but under the water there is a lot of rationalization and optimization of elevator (53:44) in our Origination business as we make some of these scenario planning if you will. So I think that the team has done very well of  at adjusting to all these conditions in very volatile years and difficult years. So, we just continue to be very close to our customers, our farmers and continue to have our operations very flexible to be able to react to that quickly.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: But you did call out during the commentary that you had lower elevator margins in Q3. Could you just expand on that, and what is the outlook for elevator margins going into 2019 assuming all things remain as is?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I would say going into Q4 we have seen a compression of the seeds to fall (54:32) spread of course, as we have less exports from China. Going into 2019, we feel  we feel good about the ability of the U.S. to export corn, soybeans are going to be very cheap, continue to be in, the U.S. and wheat could come into play, as we said before, due to the low productions of Australia and Europe. So I think in general we feel good. It's just sometimes we will like that pop in Q4 that, at this point, maybe we're not going to have.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful to get the color. And then just a quick follow-up on European softseed. I mean, given the drought conditions over there and the lack of feed for livestock from things like grass and hay, would you anticipate maybe softseed margins in Europe being stronger next year, year-over-year, just until we get through the next growing season?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, I think our perspective is softseed margins should continue being strong over in Europe as we go into 2019. And again, a lot of it's driven by good biodiesel demand, and just good oil values that we're seeing in that part of the world.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: But more on the oil side, not the meal side?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Well, the meal side is also a contributing factor, but we've seen some strength on the oil side as well.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll take it offline. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. Nice quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thanks.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Let me just switch gears a little bit here, and I'd like to get a little more flavor on the WILD and Nutrition business. Right now, that business is about a $400 million OP business, and I think the visibility for that to be $1 billion of OP in the next, let's just say, several years for lack of a better word, let's say, two to three years, is really high. Could you talk a little bit more about that, Juan? You've got a couple of new plants there. One in Brazil that's just coming on line. They haven't generated a return yet, but it's a very high return business and I think the visibility for that $1 billion of OP in WILD is actually quite high, and I'm not sure that that point has come across well here this morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you, Eric, for the question. I touch it a little bit on my remarks. I mean, we are very excited about it and if you look at our trajectory when we started with WILD Flavors, we started the business of Nutrition, if you will, with some specialties that the basic processing businesses were expanded into. So the Oilseed business has expanded into specialty proteins. The carbohydrates or the corn business expanded into polyols and into fibers like Fibersol. And we needed to be able to provide a better solutions for our customers and we needed to be able to formulate those solutions as we get into flavors. WILD Flavors was a spectacular story. WILD Flavors profit in 2014 were $78 million before we took it over and this year they're going to be around $170 million. So, it certainly has been more than 20% compounded annual growth rate in profitability in those. But when we started to get to the revenue synergies with WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients, we can see now how that portfolio is resonating with our customers. We've been saying for the last two or three quarters that our portfolio is very successful with our customers, and we see now revenue growth of around 10% for WFSI which is the combination of those, a formulation of all that flavor with Specialty Ingredients, and operating profit growth of more than 30% year-over-year. And if you take that Nutrition theme with that WFSI and you think about adding into that the oils portfolio we have, the starches we have, the sweeteners we have, the acidulants, and the flavors we have, there isn't any other company out there with such a broad portfolio and technical expertise, and that's the interesting discussions that happen at the customer base. So we have all that, which is about $2.5 billion of revenue, if you will, at this point in time, but growing aggressively at about that 10%. Then, we're going to do the same with Animal Nutrition, with the Neovia. Neovia is another WILD Flavors, if you will, for this. That's about $3.5 billion. And then, we have all the area of Health & Wellness and the personalized Nutrition with Protexin, Biopolis and all that incipient. So, we have those three main axes and we see our way into delivering what you just described, getting into maybe $1 billion over the next few years. So, it takes a while. Like it happened with WILD, you go into profitability improvement, then you develop the revenue synergies. The same is going to happen with the Animal Nutrition. But it's been very successful so far and we plan to replicate that model into Animal Nutrition. And in the meantime, we're building our Health & Wellness and personalized Nutrition portfolios. So, all very good, all very affordable, all within the financial discipline of our returns. And the cadence, if you look at what we have done in order to assure execution, we'd done WILD Flavors in October 2014, and we didn't do Neovia until 2018, until we make sure that we have proven that model, we're making the money and the business is working. So, now, we are ready to move to Neovia and we're going to continue with that discipline and that cadence to guarantee to the shareholders that we are investing their money wisely.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Good. Thank you. One quick follow-up question here, and it's on the Oilseed market, particularly U.S. soybeans. Obviously, we know where the pricing is. I also have looked at this and we've probably got the widest basis on soybeans that I've ever seen. You can go buy soybeans $1 under board. Your cash prices are $1 plus consistently over the last two, three, four months below board. So, we have the cheapest soybeans in the world. We're trading 25%, even a little bit more below Brazilian prices. And I can't understand, I think China has to come in and buy beans sometime in December and January, despite all the rhetoric that they've found new sources for this and that. But I tend to take a little bit more bullish outlook on soybeans, on U.S. soybean market here, but maybe I have some irrational exuberance here. Could you help me out with that thought process, Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, I would say we can get into the same thinking. The reality is that the window is getting shorter and China is finding ways not to use U.S. beans. There is also early planting in Mato Grosso in Brazil. It could lead to early harvest. So maybe China will hold into buying beans until they can overlap with Brazil. So, I think that we have that upside of potential beans from the U.S. in Q4, early Q1. But, on the other hand, it may not happen. So, again, early harvest in Brazil could make them able to not to touch U.S. beans. Listen, we're going into Q4 with a strong momentum. It's just that  so fundamentally Q4 is going to be a strong Q4. It's just that a lot of things could happen with either bases or mark-to-market that could make some profits go into Q4 or Q1, and that is difficult to forecast. What we know is our operating rates are strong. We have a lot of our book already locked, as I said, even with the export in our Origination business. So, we're going with a strong momentum into Q4. We don't foresee any strange things into Q4. It's just that some of the mark-to-market and the end of the year movement could be that some of the profits end up in Q4 or some of the profits end up in Q1. That doesn't change the fundamental nature of our solid businesses at this point in time.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Correct. Okay. Thank you, Juan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, Ken.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just a couple of tidbit questions. One is, when you think about 2019 which divisions do you think will show the greatest growth and which ones will be the greatest stability? Are you looking for a rebound in ethanol? Just kind of some parameters to that. My second question is, does your divisional outlook reflect or would change if China does get resolved or not? Is it one way is better than the other? Can you just frame those two kind of questions? And I just have a quick follow-up.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Sure. I would say the division that will grow the most in 2019 versus 2018 will be Nutrition. Nutrition will have the biggest jump that they ever had in percentage basis. So ethanol could be an upside. Of course, this year was pretty bad in ethanol and we expect that next year  there are a couple of things with ethanol that it could make you more optimistic. One is the fact that the price is so low of ethanol, that I think as an oxygenator or an octane booster it could find a way into more gasoline producing countries, if you will. The second is that we may not have as many expansions or the bottlenecks to absorb next year, and this was part of the issue this year. But I will say Nutrition will be the biggest business. In terms of the second part of the question was about...
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): China.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Was about China, yes. I would say, listen, for companies like us that are trying to match origin with destinations, having the most optionality is the best. So I think in the long term, having those issues solved and having free trade around the world is the best. The same for the farmer. If you are producing, you want the most optionality to place your production everywhere. So I will say no doubt from a long-term perspective, we want a resolution to that.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then there's a lot of discussion about potential assets coming to sale over the next 6 to 12 months as a company under review. Would you be willing to participate in the consolidation agri business. You haven't really mentioned it. There was probably three or four calls ago you guys were a little bit more  discussed it a little bit more. Can you talk about where you're positioned now, would you be willing to participate in consolidation? And I'll leave it there.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Listen, we like our strategy and we're implementing that and we've been transparent on that. Of course we look at every option and we always review our stand-alone plans. So, we normally look at that. We are participating in the consolidation. You see our acquisition of Algar, our joint venture in Egypt, So, we're going to look at every deal on their own merits. We're going to keep our returns objective. We're going to keep our strong value creation mind-set, and if something makes sense, we may look at that. At this point in time, our strategy is clear, and I think we've been articulating it, and we continue to execute that and grow earnings and returns, and we're very pleased with that so far.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks a lot.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Adam.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: A lot of ground has been covered. So I'll try to keep it brief. Just on the Readiness program, the $1 billion of savings in two years, and I think there was an illusion to there being some inflationary offsets. Do you have a net savings target that you're willing to share at this point? Or how much should we think about the conversion from gross to net savings, similarly your productivity programs in the past, those have been gross numbers, I just want to make sure we're all reasonably calibrated on that point.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Listen, Adam, no, we don't have a precise number like that. I understand the need to create a model. Our focus of course is to keep making the company better. So we know, and we know that 2,500 initiatives there has a lot of meat and a lot of profit that will come to the stream. Exactly how they're going to come, we're going to get more proficient in that as we have started executing. At this point in time we are prioritizing all those 2,500 initiatives. We know because we have committed with you that we wanted to come at this meeting with an idea of the bulk of it. How much is going to pull through to the P&L at this point in time is a little bit premature for us to give more guidance than the one that we have provided already, so...
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then just quickly, the corporate expense this year, it's up a pretty decent amount. I think there was some Readiness program costs and expenses in there, some of the ERP stuff as well as you talked about effective compensation, given the performance this year. Is there any reasonable expectation that you could provide on 2019 Corporate at this point?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I mean, I think the run rates that we're seeing right now, are probably a little higher than where we're going to end up, but it's not going to be totally out of line kind of with what we're running for the quarter. Maybe just slightly lower on a run rate basis.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to our presenters.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Jack, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming Investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with Victoria if you have any other questions, and have a good day, and thanks for your interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes the Archer-Daniels-Midland Company's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Victoria de la Huerga - Archer Daniels Midland Company Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.
Analysts: David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. David Katter - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Victoria de la Huerga, Vice President Investor Relation (sic) [Vice President, ADM Ventures] (00:27) for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Miss. de la Huerga, you may begin.
Victoria de la Huerga - Archer Daniels Midland Company: Thank you, Jack. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results, as well as the drivers of our performance in the quarter. Then Juan will discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Victoria. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, all, for joining us today. This morning, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.02, up 79% from the year ago period. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $924 million, up 40% from the second quarter of 2017, and we generated positive EVA with a return on invested capital well above our WACC. Our team performed exceptionally well, meeting our customers' needs and showing the strength of an increasingly efficient, balanced and global portfolio. We continue to accelerate the execution of our strategic plan, optimizing our core, driving efficiencies and expanding strategically and delivered a series of important accomplishments in the quarter and first half of the year. In the first six months of 2018, among the businesses we have targeted for improvements, profitability has gone up $150 million, representing about half of our operating profit improvement over the first half of 2017 with Global Trade, lysine and South American origination all contributing to our improved profitability. And we now have completed the divestiture of our Bolivian oilseeds business. Over the first six months of the year, our operational excellence initiatives have delivered cost savings of more than $150 million on a run rate basis and are on pace to exceed our 2018 target of $200 million. We also continue to execute on the five key growth platforms that can help us grow earnings and returns: Animal Nutrition, Health & Wellness, carbohydrates, human nutrition and taste. In Animal Nutrition, we announced the proposed acquisition of Neovia last month, which, when completed, will give us a leading global animal nutrition business and a strong platform for future growth. We also opened two new state-of-the-art animal nutrition facilities in the U.S. in the quarter. In Health & Wellness, we are adding a strong customer channel to our existing R&D capabilities with the announced addition of a leading probiotics company, Protexin. In taste, we announced the acquisition of Rodelle, having a sustainable supply of vanilla products to our industry-leading portfolio of natural-flavored solutions. We also continue to expand our geographic reach in markets that are seeing increasing consumer demand, launching our starches and sweeteners joint venture with Aston Foods in Russia and our oilseeds joint venture with Cargill in Egypt. Another key to our future success will be advancing our Readiness efforts which we spoke about last quarter. Prior to Readiness, we largely focused improvement efforts within individual businesses and units and functions to make sure they set the competitive standard in their fields. But there are more opportunities to make ourselves even better by looking across the entire company. That's what Readiness is about, driving standardization and the sharing and leveraging of best practices across ADM to build the very best company. Readiness will help the company in two fundamental ways. First, it will boost our ongoing operational excellence and efficiency efforts. And second, it will liberate resources to focus on growth. We are moving very quickly on these efforts. We've completed our assessment phase and we're now into implementation. More and more colleagues around the globe are engaging in the effort. Our teams are already identifying individual initiative that will help drive improvement and we have created a governance structure to ensure that the changes we make lead to sustainable, lasting impacts. We are excited about Readiness and we see great potential to drive future earnings power and build a great and enduring company. Later on this call, I will discuss the outlook for our business but now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Juan. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.02, up significantly from the $0.57 in the prior year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $924 million, up $266 million from the year ago quarter. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 13%, down from approximately 28% in the prior year, due mainly to U.S. tax reform, which reduced the federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%, the 2017 biodiesel tax credit recorded in the first quarter that impacts our overall calendar year rate and certain favorable second quarter discrete tax items. We expect our effective tax rate for 2018 to be between 16% and 18%. Looking beyond 2018, we would expect an ongoing effective tax rate to be between 17% and 20%. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 7.3% is more than 100 basis points above our 2018 annual WACC of 6.25% that's generating positive EVA of approximately $275 million. On chart 16 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $1 per share to adjusted earnings of $1.02 per share. For this quarter, we had $0.02 per share credit related to LIFO, a $0.03 per share charge related to impairments and restructurings and a $0.01 per share charge related to discrete tax items. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate lines. In the Other segment, results increased on stronger ADM Investor Services earnings due to higher short-term interest rates. In the Corporate lines, net interest expense for the quarter was down largely due to a lower tax-related interest expense and interest income related to a tax credit. Unallocated corporate costs of $180 million were up versus the prior year due to higher accruals for performance-related compensation in light of a more favorable financial outlook for the calendar year. Turning to our cash flow statement on slide 6. We generated $1.1 billion from operations before working capital changes in the first six months of the year, slightly higher than the prior year. As we mentioned last quarter, we made investments in inventory as favorable carries in the market and the willingness of growers to sell their crops presented opportunities for us to take on a greater ownership position earlier in the year. Total capital spending in the first six months was $379 million, in line with our expectation for the year. We returned approximately $379 million of capital to shareholders through dividends. Therefore, we again had a balanced approach towards capital spending, return of capital to shareholders. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of June 30, 2018 and 2017. Our balance sheet remains solid. Our operating working capital of $7.7 billion was up approximately $700 million versus the year-ago period, with about one-half related to prepayments to South American farmers for spot grain purchases, stemming from the recent Brazilian trucker strike, which delayed our ability to take physical delivery immediately. Total debt was about $7.6 billion, resulting in a net debt balance of $6.8 billion. We finished the quarter with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 27%, in line with the year-ago quarter. Our shareholders' equity of $18.7 billion was up from the $17.4 billion last year primarily due to net earnings in excess of dividends and share repurchases. We had $6.1 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of June. If you add the available cash, we had access to $7 billion of short-term liquidity. Next I'll discuss our business segment performance for the quarter on slide 8. In the second quarter, we earned $924 million of operating profit, excluding specified items, up from the $658 million in last year's second quarter. Looking at the first half of the year, adjusted operating profit was $1.6 billion, up 23% from the prior year. Now, I'll review the performance of each segment. On slide 9, Origination results were up significantly over the second quarter of 2017. Merchandise and handling was up substantially year-over-year. The short crops in South America, as well as increased purchases from that region by China in anticipation of tariffs offered motivation for other buyers to come to the U.S. The result was significantly higher volumes and margins for corn, wheat and soybean exports. The team also managed risks extremely well, resulting in solid basis gains during the quarter and the business benefited from the reversal of some timing effects from the prior quarter, which was accelerated compared to our assessment at the time of our first quarter earnings call. Global Trade continued its progress as its execution and diversified earnings base favorably contributed results. The team executed particularly well during the China sorghum situation, making swift and smart decisions to mitigate some of the negative impacts which, as a result, turned out to be a bit smaller than we expected on our last call. Ocean freight was up for the quarter and destination marketing volumes continue to grow. Volumes should be more than 19 million metric tons this year, nearly double the 10 million metric tons in 2014. Transportation was significantly higher, driven by increased volumes as U.S. waterways returned to more normal conditions. Transportation also benefited from ARTCO's growing business in backhaul freight and stevedoring, the latter of which has become a significant contributor to ARTCO's overall business. In fact, our stevedoring, trucking and warehousing businesses all turned in record profits for a second quarter. I'd like to note the growth in destination marketing and stevedoring particularly. These are examples of the great job the Origination team is doing to invest in changes that are structural in nature and help to diversify and provide more stable earnings for the Origination business. Now, to slide number 10. Oilseeds' results were also significantly higher versus the second quarter of 2017. The Crushing and Origination business did a great job, delivering on continued strong global demand for soybean meal. Around the globe, the team ran our assets hard, setting a second-quarter record in crush volumes amid a very favorable soy crush margin environment. In South America, high Brazilian origination volumes and improved margins, largely driven by a more aggressive farmer selling and robust demand from China, contributed to strong results. And the team managed well through the Brazilian trucker strike, limiting its impact on results. The expected reversal of timing impacts from the first quarter and new negative timing effects at the end of the second quarter resulted in a net positive. Execution was also strong in RPBO, which was higher year-over-year as our value-added businesses continued their growth. We saw solid margins and strong volumes in our refined and specialty oils businesses, with North American refined oils delivering a great performance on higher volumes. Those results were partially offset by weaker earnings in Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts. Asia was lower on Wilmar results. On slide 11, Carbohydrate Solutions results were down modestly versus the second quarter of 2017. There's another important execution story to tell here. In the second quarter, we identified some important upgrades we needed to make at our Decatur corn complex to ensure it continues to set the competitive standard for wet mills. We had some downtime which resulted in higher manufacturing costs which will again in the second half of this year as we advance this work. Our teams have managed exceptionally well around the impacts of those upgrades. In fact, outside of Decatur, manufacturing cost improvements in Carbohydrate Solutions business has been coming in ahead of our projections, helping to partially offset the cost of the downtime. Starches and sweeteners was down versus the prior year period. Fundamentally, the underlying starches and sweeteners business is solid. North American liquid sweeteners were in line with the year-ago period, with volumes comparable to last year. Absent the downtime, our North American starches and sweeteners results would have been up versus the prior year. Globally, starch volumes and dried sweetener margins were strong in the quarter, leading to good performance. The end of the EU sugar regime and the delay in the implementation of the lifting of the quotas in Turkey negatively impacted results in European liquid sweeteners, partially offset by contributions from our Chamtor acquisition. Flour milling was impacted by some negative timing effects that will reverse in the coming quarters and lower volumes in our Caribbean operations. Bioproducts results were down primarily on lower ethanol production volumes and higher costs due to the already mentioned plant downtime. Execution margins for ethanol were lower versus the prior year. On slide 12, Nutrition delivered 7% revenue growth on a constant currency basis and more than 20% operating profit growth over the year-ago period. WFSI earnings were up substantially versus the second quarter of 2017 with all three businesses: Specialty Ingredients, WILD Flavors and Health & Wellness delivering improved sales and results year-over-year. Specialty Ingredients benefited from improved volumes and margins in proteins, higher margins in emulsifiers and increased contributions from fibers. New customer business and improved portfolio mix boosted sales and margins in WILD Flavors. And Health & Wellness group delivered good results, led by margin improvements in bioactives. Animal Nutrition results were higher year-over-year, driven by stronger performances in lysine, as well as in pet premix and treats. These results demonstrate that our value proposition is resonating well with our customers as they address consumer needs. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to slide 13. Looking ahead for each of our businesses, in Origination, we expect higher results for the third quarter versus the same period in 2017 despite the faster reversal of the timing impacts. For the year, the continued impact of the short crops in South America and growing contributions from some of our more value-added businesses like destination marketing and stevedoring should continue to support strong performance. We expect Origination to have a very strong calendar year 2018, well above our expectations at the beginning of the year. In Oilseeds, we expect third quarter results to be substantially higher than the third quarter of 2017, as the team continues to deliver strong crush volumes in a robust soybean crush margin environment. For the full year, we should continue to see the benefits of good execution amid underlying global demand growth and strong soybean crush margins, along with continued higher volumes and steady results from RPBO. In summary, we expect our Oilseeds operations to deliver excellent results this year, significantly higher than our expectations at the beginning of the year. In Carbohydrate Solutions, the team has done a good job managing through the upgrades indicator. Fundamentally, the North American starches and sweeteners business is solid. Although sugar prices remain depressed in some of our European markets, our new Russian joint venture will begin contributing to results. Ethanol industry inventories could build if China does not reenter the market, putting some risks on margins. For both the third quarter and the calendar year due to weaker results from the ethanol business, we expect Carbohydrate Solutions to be lower than last year. In Nutrition, we expect continued sales growth and favorable product mixes in WFSI to contribute to good results. We'll see the benefits of our Protexin and Rodelle acquisitions as we complete the transactions. We're excited about Neovia. We are moving forward on our integration planning. And while our fourth quarter timeline for closing means we don't expect Neovia to significantly contribute to results this year, we're looking forward to the significant opportunities it presents. So, for both the third quarter and the full year, we continue to expect Nutrition revenue and results to be significantly higher than last year with a 20% plus growth in OP for the full year. So, when you look at the totality of our actions on our results, our team is executing well. We continue to make our businesses stronger. We're excited about the promise of readiness as those efforts accelerate. We're investing in our growth platforms, our risk management is strong and global demand remains robust. Naturally, we are monitoring the U.S. China trade situation closely, and are prepared for various potential outcomes. We believe the situation is manageable in the near term and we are confident of delivering solid execution and strong results. Sitting where we are today, our outlook for profitability and returns for the 2018 calendar year is more favorable than it was when we spoke on our first quarter call. And I remain confident in our ability to continue to grow earnings and create shareholder value in 2018 and beyond. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question to allow everyone an opportunity. Your first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you and good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, David.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Congratulations on the very strong results. I wanted just to ask a couple of things in Oilseeds. First, the mark-to-market that you mentioned, the net effect, Ray, could you give us a little bit of detail there? And what I'm really trying to understand is how we're supposed to model this kind of in the back half of the year. So, I think, there would have been a sizable mark-to-market  negative mark-to-market on June 30. But, I think, as you mentioned in the script, you netted against the piece that reverses that was marked on the first quarter and you got a net positive. But can you give us some guidance here on how to think about this in Q3, Q4?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Sure thing, David. So, we did indicate at the first quarter call, we had about $110 million of negative mark-to-market that will reverse, and then approximately half would reverse in the second quarter, and the other half would be in the back half of the year and a little bit in 2019. So, what we did realize was the benefit of the reversal in the second quarter. We did have, as a result of the board crush moving up at the end of the quarter, we did have some additional negative mark-to-market, so roughly about $40 million net because we had some higher negative mark-to-markets on soy, but we had some positive mark-to-markets on quinoa. So, when you net it all together, it's roughly $40 million there. So, how you may want to think about that is when you think about the amount that's still to be reversed from the first quarter and additional $40 million, there is a little over $90 million to reverse over the rest of the year. And that's going to be primarily over third and fourth quarters, a little bit in early 2019 as well. So, that's how you should be thinking about that, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then staying on Oilseeds, industry margins, crush margins, are great. And certainly the profitability here in the quarter was very good, but it's still quite substantially away from previous records that we've seen in Oilseeds on a quarterly basis from prior years. With that kind of setup, can you guys give us your expectations of how sustainable the results that we're seeing in Oilseeds are at these types of levels on a go-forward basis? What visibility do you have?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Well, David, I think we are, as I said in my comments, very optimistic and very confident about the sustainability of the results and the strength of the business. Not only crush margins are very strong, but demand is very strong. We're seeing demand needing to be  we're seeing supply needed to be maybe 10 million tons higher year-over-year just to cover demand. And we're seeing buyers coming back to the market and building a forward book, which is increasing our confidence that we can have visibility in the forward book going forward. So, resiliency in demand growth and buyers coming back to build a book gives us a lot of confidence moving forward.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And, Ray, can you kind of chime in and talk to us about earnings power? So, just kind of tie everything together with Juan's comments about visibility and sustainability and how it results then in earnings power for ADM and that's it for me, guys.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I mean, David, as Juan indicated in his comments, we believe that the improvements that we're demonstrating in 2018 represent really a culmination of a lot of the efforts that we've been driving over the past couple of years. So, the improvements that we're making across all of our businesses is going to continue to drive significant earnings in the future. You layer on top of that the fact that the environment that we're experiencing right now, and particularly, short crops around the world, stock-to-use ratios coming down and global demand for protein continues to be strong. It creates an environment whereby effectively, the margin environment in our businesses are returning back to a more normal level, which is important as we think about future earnings. And then lastly, add on top of that, the investments that we've made both on an organic basis, whether they be like Campo Grande, Tianjin or the pea protein plants that we're actually constructing right now and finishing off. And the investments in acquisitions that we've recently announced in the second quarter, that's also going to add towards the earnings power of this company. So, when you actually take a look at all three aspects of the significant work that we've done to improve the company, the work that the environment, the business environment returning back to a more normal level, and then the investments that we've made, we feel very confident that the earnings going forward over the medium term, are going to continue to grow. And more importantly, we're going to be driving returns.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Your line is open.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning. Nice quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Heather.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Heather. Thank you.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: So, I just have one question related to the Brazilian freight issue, but it has three parts. I just wonder if you could give us a sense of how this is currently impacting your entire business there. If you have any sense of when this is going to be resolved and how you're positioning ADM to minimize any potential impact or actually maybe benefit from that disruption?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I'd say a couple of comments. We indicated that the impact to-date has been minimal. In fact, the way you would want to think about it is like a single-digit negative impact. So, in the whole scheme of our Oilseeds operations, it was not material and that's the reason why we're not calling it out. Currently, how we're managing it is because of the uncertainty on the tariffs, we're actually negotiating in the short-term. It really is we're negotiating freight rates with the truckers based upon our current needs and that's how we're operating right now. Now, when this is going to get resolved, as you probably appreciate, I mean, there's going to be a judge who's going to be looking at the potential rulings in terms of what the tariffs are. Expectation is sometime in August. I think, leading up to that, I think everyone in the industry is going to remain fairly negotiating freight rates in the short term. I don't think anyone's going to go long term in terms of the freight rates just due to the exposures. But we're actually pretty confident that the final resolution would be something that will result in effectively a tariff structure very similar to, like what the market was before. And so, at this point in time we're monitoring, we're managing the situation carefully. And, again, up to now, we've been managing this situation quite well.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: And I think, Heather, if I may add, at the beginning when this hit us, certainly freights in  freight to Barcarena were higher than the table so we continue to do business there. And, of course, Barcarena, being our newest port, takes a lot of our volume. And also, Paranagu as well, the freights in the south were also higher than the table. So, we managed to do those, but it's true that in the rest of  for the rest of the operations, it put some caution in the activities, of course, because you can only go with third parties that you've been working for many, many years and we negotiate these one-on-one deals so.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. My follow-up is on China-U.S., I appreciate you all, the comments that you provided. Just today, based upon our incomings, the conventional wisdom seems that this is negative for U.S. elevation. But to your point about tightening balance sheets around the world for wheat and corn, et cetera, is there any way that that conventional wisdom could be incorrect and global flow shift and move to the U.S. and margins actually come in stronger because of the dislocations against the backdrop of tighter stock.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Of course, we're looking at that. Weather around the world has turned drier and production at the moment is being adjusted down. So, that will bring demand for corn and wheat certainly into the U.S. And all the way to July, we have still seen good soybean demand coming to the U.S. given the prices we have. So, you could construct a scenario in which maybe there is a overlap of wheat, corn and maybe some soybean, and tightening up elevation margins in the U.S.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome, Heather.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you. I guess just this is kind of a follow-up to Heather's question. You know, when you look at the disruption that this tariff environment has caused, I think just net-net it's a surprise to see U.S. exports so strong in a quarter like this. And I know it's also related to drought in Argentina. Is there any way to kind of separate these two factors out and give us a little more help on the benefits that you receive just from the drought in South America? But also there must have been some benefits from satisfying China's demand that might have, I guess, spilled over into other countries. Were you satisfying the demand from other countries that were then satisfying China? And is that the nature of some of these dislocations? Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Good morning, Rob. Of course, we've reported higher volumes in Origination in this quarter. Ad listen, I think it's difficult to chop all those results into pieces, to be honest. I think, it's a combination of higher volumes, lower costs. The business has been driving efficiencies for the last few years and more efficient global trade operations with trading activities that leverage the supply chain, and something that has been very important when we have these discontinuities has been boots on the ground, the ability that we have to read markets and adjust quickly now with our destination marketing efforts, with more people around the world, with better coordination, that has all resulted into this. Ray, in his remarks, also mentioned about the impact that destination marketing, stevedoring and other new businesses than Origination have had on our results. This has moved these results from about 3% and 5% of our profits a few years ago to now representing about 30% of our profits. So, I would say it's a combination of taking advantage of good cyclical conditions, but also a structural improvement that we have made in the business that make us confident about calling 2018 a very strong year compared to 2017 for Origination business.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Can you give us a little more help on the back half for the Origination division? I mean, you've had years where, I guess, the back half could be $400 million in profit. It could be even more. Is this setting up to be an outstanding back half for Origination like over $400 million? Is there any way to contextualize that?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. It is a little bit a continuation of what I explained to Heather. So, I stated in my remarks we expect Q3 to be much higher than last year Q3. Regarding Q4, we will have to see how basically soybean demand comes into the U.S. We know the U.S. will be competitive in wheat and corn given the short crop in the rest of the world. The issue will be how much of the soybean volume continues to come into the U.S. As I said to what we have today, July was still strong in demand. We will have to see for the rest of the year. But that will  basically, that will depend on the soybean demand into the U.S., will depend how much elevation margins pop in Q4. So, we could have either a good Q4 or a spectacular Q4 depending on that happening. Too early to call, to be honest, Rob, at this point.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Incorporated. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could we talk about 2019 a bit? Juan, you sounded very confident about your ability to grow earnings in 2019. Could you highlight kind of key businesses that you expect to deliver growth into next year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. Thank you, Farha. I think about our strategy and how we've been continuing to deliver on that. And we think about optimizing the core, and despite the progress we have made in what we call the improvement businesses, we still have opportunities there, and there are some businesses that are still not realizing their potential. So, we still see improvements in our businesses and our ability to execute. We're very happy the way the business execute, but there's always more that we can do. So, we feel good about that. The efficiencies when we think about the program we have put over all these years to improve the cost of the company, now we are evolving into Readiness, and we feel very, very good. We are in the first stages of Readiness. We're 10 weeks into  10 days into phase 2, if you will. But everything we look, it makes us even more comfortable that there are more savings that we have said before. And then we have all the expansions that we have done, Farha. If you think about, we are building or we have built five plants between what we have in China, pea protein, specialty proteins in South America, color in Berlin. So, we have five plants that we have built, we have profit nothing so far, that will all hit the P&L in 2019. And then, we have all these acquisitions that we have made all the way from Biopolis and Crosswind and Neovia and Protexin and Rodelle that they all will be accretive, part of them in 2018, but fully in 2019. So, when we see the businesses having a solid prospect, all of them, into 2019, plus the Readiness efforts, plus our improvement efforts, plus these five new plants, plus five acquisitions coming to the P&L, I cannot feel anything but optimistic about 2019, to be honest.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's very helpful. And any kind of additional color you can give us on the Readiness program? I don't think we've had really a good understanding of the earnings that that Readiness program can deliver for ADM near term and long term.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. I would say, we haven't told you yet about the details of Readiness and mostly because we've been in the assessment phase, if you will, of it. So, we estimated, I said it in the previous quarter, it could be in the $1 billion range over a number of years. We will come with more precision in the next earnings call because we are, as I said, in these 10 days into the second phase, which is more the quantification of all these. So, we have put  fundamentally, if you think about what it is, is I always focus the business on to setting the competitive standard by business. So, looking at each business individually vertically and making them the best they can be. Now, we're taking a more horizontal look at the company, if you will. And we're looking at what are those activities that are best in class in ADM that we can leverage across. If we can share that knowledge and share that and leverage that best-in-ADM performance across the company. So, we have more than 500 people engaged in this and being trained. Those people are starting to generate initiatives. We have more than a thousand initiatives identified, and now we're putting numbers to those initiatives. So, we will be able to have for you in the next earnings call a description of what we expect from a cash impact on cost, from a cash impact also on revenue, and even on CapEx efficiencies as we move forward. So, we should be able to share with you in the next quarter all that. And as I said, all that is being prepared as we speak in the company.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks for the added color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ann. Can you hear us?
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: (40:33) fundamentals in the oilseeds industry. If we look at the fall in hog prices in the last couple of weeks, it suggests that there may be trouble brewing ahead domestically. And then if you could address the crush margins in China currently and the impact that that might have on your own business and Wilmar? Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Ann, the first part, we didn't hear you. You were talking about China specifically in the first part in the hog industry?
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No. Hog prices in the U.S. have collapsed in the last couple of weeks, so just wondering if that industry, if meal demand isn't peaking in the U.S.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Sure, yes. So, let me start with the China thing and then we'd go back to the U.S. So, we've seen recently demand for, in the hog industry, or profitability in the hog industry recovered a little bit in China. There's still below cost, but better than before mostly due to the lack of imports. So, that's helping a little bit. In terms of crush margins in China, of course, they've been subdued although they remain healthy, but in the range to $10 to $15 per ton, something like that. So, mill base is still in a carry in China and demand as such is a little bit sluggish at this point in time. In terms of Wilmar, being a board member, I shouldn't predict anything about their results, of course. But let me remind you that Wilmar is a very diversified company into not only palm oil and sugar, but also in consumer products. So, not only they are very astute of how to play the China crushing margins in terms of risk management, but also a very diversified company. So, that's probably to the extent that I should speak about Wilmar margins. And in terms of protein in the U.S.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I think, Ann, a couple observations, I mean demand for protein in United States remains strong and, actually, globally remains strong for animal protein. And so, we're seeing solid growth in 2018. Part of it's actually due to prices. The fact that prices have come down has actually stimulated demand. We're seeing like in 2019 our forecast for animal protein is going to go up roughly 2% for poultry, pork and beef. From ADM's perspective, this is good since demand for feed is going to continue to be strong. And our estimate for global soybean meal growth right now in 2019 ex-China is about 4% to 5% growth, and that's solid growth. We recognize that in United States that there is some adjustments in terms of some prices. I mean we've also read about maybe some increases in terms of frozen meat stocks. But when we actually look at the numbers, the increases are not that dramatic relative to what we've seen in history, especially when you look at it as a percentage of consumption or a percentage of export. So, from our perspective, given strong global economies, strong demand, we're seeing that our outlook in the medium term for soybean meal demand remains very solid, especially given the fact that it is one of the most competitive rations for feed because of its protein content there.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And are you seeing any changes or hearing any changes from farmers and farmers' willingness to sell right now, or going into fall when they harvest given all of the uncertainty around China trade tariffs and NAFTA, et cetera. Is there any change to the way that farmers are behaving yet or is it too early to tell?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Not at this point, Ann. I mean, probably they are all looking at Labor Day to try to get more clarity about the support program that the Ag Secretary has established . So, I think that that would probably define a little bit their pattern going forward.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll get back in line. Thanks for the clarification.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Maybe ground we haven't covered in Carbohydrate Solutions, a little bit of color around some of the moving pieces in the quarter and then the outlook. First, can you maybe provide a little comment on the upgrades you're making at the cater both for  as is it relates to sweetener and starch products, as well as on the ethanol side, kind of how big the impact was in the quarter and what that looks like for the balance of the year. And then I have a follow-up on the sweetener outlook.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, Adam. I think, for the quarter, the approximate impact on our results is about $15 million of which about two-thirds of the impact was on bioproducts products and a third of the impact on the starches or sweetener side. As we indicated, these are upgrades to both electrical and mechanical infrastructures in the complex. It's going to require us probably through the second half of this year to complete it. Our estimation in terms of potential impact on the second half could be in the neighborhood of about $20 million to $25 million in terms of impact relative to last year. And again, similarly, about two-thirds of it will be impacting the bioproducts segment. And a third will be the starches and sweeteners segment. So that's our best guess at this point. And naturally as we kind of go through the upgrades, if we discover something else, then we'll have to address it at that point in time.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just on the sweeteners outlook broadly, I mean, are you seeing  have you seen any change in trend on the volume side from any of your major customers? I know that you commented that the U.S. business was still on track. Is there any concern rising about 2019 at this point or do you think that some of capacity rationalization that has been announced in the industry could save off any pricing or margin pressure there?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No, we're not seeing any change. In fact, what's interesting is when we actually look at total demand for non-sucrose sweeteners, so we're looking at dextrose, fructose and glucose, when you look at the trend lines here in United States since 2010, it's actually stabilized at about 25 billion pounds of consumption. And we've actually seen growth in the glucose syrups in both beverage applications and nonfood applications, and that's kind of offset some of the decline in some of the other areas. So, what's really encouraging is that the demand profile in the U.S. industry for non-sucrose sweeteners is actually very stable. And with the  with supply-demand balances remain tight, we remain pretty optimistic over the medium term for this business here.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just the issue that you highlighted in Europe, I mean, is that something that you see pressure continuing into the balance of the year, or is it fairly contained in the quarter?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think, we may still see some pressure as we kind of move through the year, and we'll just have to work with the associations and the government in order to kind of get the quotas lifted.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Thank you and good morning, everyone. Ray, just to follow-up on sort of the conversation on 2019, you obviously sound very confident, and a lot of it is attributed to a number of items, five or six different items that are within your control, the acquisitions and the cost work you're doing. But I just want to make sure I understand, are you  you're talking about full-year 2019 in your segments. So you expect to have growth in all segments. And I guess sort of doing the math on what sounds like you're saying the back half of the year is going to look like, are we talking about 2019 from an EPS perspective that's going to be north of $3.50 and potentially approaching $4, and I know you don't want to give guidance but can you just kind of talk us out of some things, if possible?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're right. I'm not going to give any guidance here in terms of 2019. What we're saying is that when we look at the overall drivers of our business in terms of things that we can control, the actions that we're taking. The general business environment that we're seeing across many of our industries, both the Origination side, the Crush side, the Nutrition side, and then the investments that we put in, we feel good about 2019 because when you think about the algorithm for earnings growth in 2019 it will include improvements, actions that we've taken. It will include the fact that the general business environment remains solid, and it will include the accretion in earnings related to investments. And then this new layer on top of that which Juan has indicated, the Readiness initiatives which we'll quantify as we get towards the next earnings call. When you add all together in terms of this algorithm, it points toward solid earnings growth in the future.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So, is that another way of saying then as you look at your results and how the business has performed year-to-date and what you expect over the balance of the year that what you're attributing to the disruption from the South American drought and whatever has happened from a tariff perspective which  correct me if I'm wrong, but I sort of think this tariff is good for you, that those impacts are not actually as large as maybe they appear. And so therefore, there isn't as much of a lapping issue next year as one might think?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think, the underlying business fundamentals and the actions that we're taking are actually pretty significant in terms of the contributions to our overall results here.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hey, Ken.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I just want to circle back on two issues. One is can you discuss the pricing opportunities and market share gains that you might be able to generate from the plant closure in high-fructose corn syrup from a competitor?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Well, I guess, Ken. I mean, from our perspective, it's all about supply and demand balances. And so, as I indicate, the general environment for demand for non-sucrose sweeteners is solid here in North America and we've seen that over the  since 2010. And with supply-demand balances remaining tight, I guess what we've indicated this year is we should be able to maintain the type of margins that we've had in the past.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, you'd  to be fair, you'd expect pricing to be higher next year and be able to maintain your margins on the corn side as well. Is that fair?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: All I'm saying, Ken, just like we provided guidance for 2018, we're saying that we should be able to maintain our margins in this business.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Do you expect to see some market share gains?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Well, I mean, it's  we'll have to determine how the volume gets spread out, right? And with the closure of one of the plants in our industry, we'll have to determine how that volume gets spread out.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then my other question is, look, everybody is talking about the tops of different markets here, but ethanol is just kind of at the bottom and kind of at that horrible level of profitability. Can you talk about how the industry kind of evolves over the next call it 12 to 24 months? What are the key factors that you see and have we reached the leveling off on the bottom? And is there a potential for 2019 to actually show some reasonable return on capital?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: What's interesting is on the demand side for domestic ethanol, we're going to have some marginal improvements just due to the fact that gasoline consumption will go up a little bit. U.S. economy is strong. So you're going to see some marginal growth in domestic demand. On the export side, we all know China stopped buying ethanol after the first quarter. Nevertheless, we think exports would still be around 1.6 billion to 1.7 billion gallons in 2018 calendar year. As we move forward, I mean, on the assumption that the U.S./China trade situation will get resolved  and I think most of us believe, at some juncture, that will get resolved  there is a strong probability that China will come in to buy U.S. ethanol as part of their E10 mandate for  or their E10 policy for 2020. So, when you look over the medium term, we are constructive that incremental demand from China will tighten up supply-demand balances in the U.S. ethanol industry and that should allow us to expand margins as an industry towards more normal levels.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So the crux of the outlook for ethanol you think hinges on China, not on any other key components? And then I'll leave it there.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I mean China is going to be an important factor in the overall evolution of the ethanol margins in the industry here.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Michael?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hi, Michael.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. Can you hear me?
Operator: You're line is open. We can hear you know.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. We can hear you. Thank you.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Sorry. Hi. Just wanted to dive a little deeper into Nutrition. I wanted to see  this year, I think you said that you're looking for about 20% operating income growth this year and that's even before the impact of some of these recent acquisitions. As we look into 2019, is that kind of a sustainable growth rate or what are some of the factors we should be considering there?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, thank you, Michael. The performance of the Nutrition platform continues to be strong across all the businesses to be honest. Flavors was very strong this quarter and we continue to make inroads in that area. Specialty proteins is coming back which it was a little bit down the last couple of years and we're bringing Campo Grande, one of the largest plants in the world into operations. Emulsifiers has been showing growth. Fiber has been showing growth as you know we all need to consume a little bit more of that. Health & Wellness has been growing spectacularly, although from a relatively small base right now. And Animal Nutrition has been showing also a lot of strength out of some strength in lysine but also some new products into the portfolio. So, when you add all these on a platform that is basically in its formation at this point in time, when you add the power of Neovia bringing global distribution channel to these, when you add the power of Rodelle giving us back integration into vanilla and more access to growing our vanilla business and when you look at Protexin giving us a commercial channel and an ability to produce more probiotics that are so much in demand. We feel very strong that these kinds of rates will continue into the future. So, I think we are just seeing the beginning of all these platforms. And to be honest, Michael, I'm also excited about the future promise that advances in biology and genomics will bring to the nutrition and health industry. So, Health & Wellness is still the smallest of our segments here in Nutrition, but I think the promise of all the disruption technologies that we're seeing there, bodes very well for this platform for the years to come, so. And as I think, as Ray said in his remarks, we're seeing the power of our value proposition resonating in our customers, so we're seeing also in the EBITDA margin, on sales that we have in this product, but also in the revenue growth in the products, so we feel very good about it.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Terrific. And then if we could just turn back to Origination here. In terms of the destination marketing, I think you said you're on pace to potentially double your volumes up to 19 million metric tons. Can you give us some sort of long-term growth rate there in terms of what  either for 2019 or longer term, how big you think that market can get from a volume perspective? And how did those margins compare to kind of your historical margins here in the U.S.?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. When we started with these, if you recall, we said that we were taking products to the final customers in about 15% of our portfolio when we started like in 2014 and we said that our goal was going to double that percentage, if you will. So, the beginning efforts were basically buying companies like Medsofts or industry centers or building our own capabilities on the ground. We did that, and with that, the volume grew. The volume grew from 10 million tons to, like, 19 million tons, where we are right now. The margins have been growing. The margin has basically doubled versus when we started. So versus the maybe $2 per ton we may be in $5 per ton or something in that range. We're still short of the $8 per ton that we wanted because basically in some of these places we were buying share or we were building the positions. So, I will say you're probably going to see a slight maybe deceleration of the volume growth and more concentration in picking up the margins now, the margin part of that. But profitability has improved significantly in that business and the contribution of that business plus stevedoring, plus fertilizer, plus other businesses to the overall Origination business, as I said before, has moved from about 5% of the total to 30% of the total, which make us feel very good about the prospects of the business here.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Terrific. That was really helpful. I'll pass it on.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you, everybody. Good morning. Very nice quarter, guys.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Eric. Good morning.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, my first question comes down to this. Now that we've got some grain price volatility back in the market, Juan and Ray, we've kind of talked about trading profits being one of the things in Origination that is probably structurally going to be lower over time given the fluidity of information that everybody has access to these days. Is that proving to be the case here? And then, will your destination margins be able to replace, maybe more than fully replace that sort of structural dislocation in trading profitability?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you for the question, Eric. We've been adjusting to these new realities, if you will, over the last three or four years. And it's been a job that started with Joe's administration and has transpired now into Stefano's administration. The Global Trade desk, for example, the Global Trade operations has focused basically our activities now more on trading activities that leverage the supply chain. Think about this, for example. In 2014 or 2015, about 5% of the volume was ADM volume for the Global Trade. Today, that represents about 65%. So, it took some restructuring. It took some changes of people, changes of facility, changes of incentives, but now we are much more integrated in moving and leveraging our ADM footprint. So, I think that that's why you're seeing more consistency of results. That's where you're going to see a better results from this business. Think about again, we face the quarter with the prospect of already $30 million losses in the sorghum side, which turned out to be a little bit lower because the team executed very well. But still the business managed to be relatively comparable to last year's even despite taking that headwind. So it gives you an idea how well they're performing. And it's not just on the positions they take, but it's also the rationalization of some of the assets they made, the increased efficiency. Think about that they capped SG&A by metric ton  per metric ton by half basically since 2013. So I think the business have done a lot of improvements that make us more comfortable that not only we're going to be able to jump with the same agility we had before into discontinuities, but also the results will be more robust and hopefully more consistent than we've been in the past. So we feel very good about that business.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Good. And then, my final question, a lot of my questions have been answered. Translating all of your comments here this morning, you've taken hundreds of millions of dollars of costs out of your business the last several years. And arguably, a bunch of that money never really showed up to the bottom line because the business was facing a lot of headwinds. We all know about those headwinds which are reversing pretty nicely right now. So, when I look at your return on invested capital, I think now your rolling 12 months is 7.3%. If you look at the current quarter and maybe Ray you can help me with this number, I think you're well above that 200 basis points, now this is just the current quarter. That 200 basis points spread that you want to achieve over WACC which I believe is still 6%. And when I look at the structural changes in your company and look at your potential for return on invested capital, I can only think that there's upside to that. And is there a reason why we shouldn't be even more encouraged with maybe 8% or greater ROIC in the next one to two to three years? How should we look at your returns?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Eric, we will continue to be focused on returns and we will continue to be driving. That's the sole focus of our strategy is to grow returns to grow EVA. So, as we bid targets we will continue to drive forward.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of David Katter with Baird. Your line is open.
David Katter - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, David.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, David.
David Katter - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I'll keep it quick. Just on optimizing the core, I know you guys completed the Bolivian divestiture this quarter. How should we think about other areas where you might see divestitures or opportunity to rationalize your portfolio?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, David. I think that we're getting to the end of the sizable pieces. There are always going to be optimization because we're always looking at an elevator here and another small plant there, but I would say from a divestiture perspective, we're probably at the end of the big announcement, if you will.
David Katter - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Understood. And maybe along the same lines, in the Nutrition business, I know you guys have a lot of M&A to digest. How should we think about your capacity and/or willingness to make more bolt-ons moving forward, and what does the acquisition environment look like there?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I think we've been disciplined in the medium size ones that we always take some time to digest. If you remember, we made the WILD Flavors acquisition in October 2014 and we have Neovia now in mid-2018. So, we give ourselves some time. In terms of bolt-ons, we have capacity to incorporate them. So, in that sense, we will continue to be active. You heard of us saying that we felt the environment was relatively expensive to some properties and that way we've been prudent and we've been relatively subdued in this space. To the extent that we find opportunities that are strategically much what we need to do and the gaps that we need to fill and they match our return criteria, we will continue to execute. And we feel good about our ability to plug them in into the business model, so.
David Katter - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Excellent. Thank you and congrats on the quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, David.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, David. Thank you very much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: So I think there are no more questions?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay. Thank you, Jack, and thank you everybody for joining us today. So, slide 13, note some of the upcoming Investor events that we will be participating. So, as always, please feel free to follow up with Victoria if you have any other questions. And have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.
Analysts: Heather Jones - Vertical Group Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Lindsey. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning the assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Office, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results as well as the drivers of our performance in the quarter. Then Juan will provide an update of the progress of our strategy and discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.68. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $717 million. ADM executed exceptionally well in the first quarter, and we harvested the benefits of the strategic actions we took over the last few years delivering the strong results. As you remember, last month, we realigned our business units to further accelerate our growth efforts, and each of those business teams performed well this quarter. In Origination, the Global Trade business delivered their fourth consecutive profitable quarter, and they have best first quarter in four years. Our Oilseeds team made the right investments and put the right pieces in place, so they could run at record volumes and capture the benefits from margin opportunities. In both of those businesses, certain mark-to-market timing effects, which should reverse in the coming quarters, mask the underlying strength of the team's performances during the quarter. In Carbohydrate Solutions, our strategic expansions and investments are continuing to deliver results and our Nutrition business had another quarter of top line growth including double-digit year-over-year growth from animal nutrition. Looking forward, we are focusing our growth efforts on five key platforms  animal nutrition, bioactives, carbohydrates, human nutrition and taste, as well as geographic regions that are seeing increasing consumer demand. And through Readiness, we continued to reduce costs, we're enhancing our agility, streamlining and standardizing our processes, and implementing innovative technologies for our businesses and our customers. When taken together, the continued execution of our strategic plan combined with our first quarter results, improving market conditions, and the benefits of U.S. tax reform lead us to be even more confident about 2018. Later on this call, I'll discuss further the outlook for our business. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay. Thanks, Juan. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.68, up from the $0.60 in the prior-year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $717 million, up $39 million from the year-ago quarter. We had some unique factors impacting both our reported and adjusted results for the quarter. We recorded a positive net operational impact related to the retroactive application of the 2017 biodiesel tax credit, which was worth about $120 million. We also had significant negative mark-to-market timing effects related to hedges for future cash contracts in Origination and Oilseeds, which were worth about $150 million in aggregate. So these two impacts, more or less, offset each other in the quarter, particularly on an after-tax basis. I will be further elaborating on these impacts later. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 15% and was favorably impacted by U.S. tax reform, the 2017 biodiesel tax credit, geographic mix, and several favorable discrete tax items, including a $14 million adjustment to the transition tax recorded in the fourth quarter. If the biodiesel tax credit and the favorable adjustment to the transition tax were excluded, the effective tax rate would be about 19%. After considering our first quarter results, we expect our 2018 calendar year effective tax rate to be between 16% and 18%. Looking ahead, as an ongoing run rate after 2018, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 17% and 20%. This is below the 20% to 23% guidance we provided to you at the end of the fourth quarter, as we have further refined our estimates, taking the consideration a better forecast of the new provisions in the tax code. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 6.4% is 15 basis points above our 2018 annual WACC of 6.25%, thus again, generating positive EVA. On chart 19 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.70 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.68 per share. For the quarter, we had $0.01 per share credit related to LIFO, a $0.02 per share charge related to impairments and restructurings, and a $0.03 per share benefit related to the favorable adjustment to the transition tax booked in the fourth quarter, which I referred to earlier. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. In the Other segment, we had unfavorable results compared to the prior year due to lower underwriting results at our captive insurance operations and customer loss provisions at our futures commission merchant business. We expect the one-time variance of approximately $20 million will impact our 2018 calendar year results by a similar magnitude. In the Corporate line, net interest expense for the quarter was up slightly due to funding higher working capital levels. Looking ahead, we're projecting net interest expense for 2018 to be slightly higher by about $10 million than the $310 million we recorded in 2017 with expectations of higher inventory ownership positions. Unallocated corporate costs of $146 million were up about $20 million versus the prior year, due to a corporate initiative that will have an offsetting benefit in tax expense. For the rest of 2018, we're expecting unallocated corporate costs in the range of $140 million per quarter, in line with the guidance that we provided to you for the 2018 calendar year with the company accelerating its investments in R&D, innovation, and business transformation. Turning to our cash flow statement for the quarter on slide 6, we generated $553 million from operations before working capital changes, slightly higher than the prior year. We made investments in inventory, as favorable carries in the market and the willingness of growers to sell their crops presented opportunities for us to take on a greater ownership position. In addition, typically from a seasonal perspective, the first quarter sees a net outflow of cash due to the cycle of accounts payable to U.S. farmers, which is further impacted by U.S. tax reform. Total capital spending was $196 million, in line with our expectation for the year. We returned approximately $190 million of capital to shareholders through dividends. Therefore, we had a balanced approach towards CapEx spending and return of capital to shareholders during the quarter. Our average share count for the quarter was 565 million diluted shares outstanding. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of March 31 for 2018 and 2017. Our balance sheet remains solid. Our operating working capital of $9.2 billion was up $1.8 billion versus the year-ago period, primarily due to higher inventory ownership positions. We also had certain higher receivables, which will unwind over the next quarter. Total debt was about $9 billion, resulting in a net debt balance that is debt less cash, of $8.2 billion. We finished the quarter with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 30%, up from the year-end 2017 level of 27% due to higher working capital and the normal seasonality of working capital in the first quarter. Our shareholders' equity of $18.7 billion was up from the $17.1 billion last year, primarily due to changes in the currency translation count as the U.S. dollar weakened. We had $5.1 billion in available global credit capacity end of March. If you add the available cash, we have access to almost $6 billion of short-term liquidity. Next, I'll discuss our business performance for the quarter. Please turn to slide 8. In the first quarter, we earned $717 million of operating profit, excluding specified items, up from the $678 million in last year's first quarter. Our results included negative mark-to-market timing effects, which were largely offset by income from the 2017 biodiesel tax credit. Most of these timing effects are expected to reverse in the coming quarters. Now, I'll review the performance of each segment. Starting on slide 9, Origination results were in line with the prior year. Merchandising and handling was up significantly year-over-year. The Global Trade team continued their turnaround, delivering their fourth profitable quarter in a row and their best first quarter in four years. Substantially higher margins and increased volumes including from our investments in destination marketing contributed to their performance. North American Grain was down compared to the first quarter of 2017. The lack of U.S. export competitiveness at the beginning of the quarter led to volumes and margins that were lower than the prior year. In addition, increasing forward export margins and barge freight rates in the first quarter resulted in approximately $40 million of negative mark-to-market impacts on existing contracts. Those impacts are expected to reverse in the future quarters, as contracts are executed. Strong bases and execution gains in wheat partially offset those effects. Transportation was down, as high river levels limited operations resulting in increased costs and lower volumes for ARTCO. Please turn to slide 10. Oilseeds was up over the first quarter of 2017, as the operating environment continued to improve. Global market dynamics continue to push soybean crush margins higher and the business set record soy crush volumes. Improving crush margins resulted in negative timing effects of more than $100 million. In fact, more like $110 million on forward hedges, which led to crushing and origination results that were lower than the year-ago period. The vast majority of those impacts are expected to reverse over the course of 2018. South America saw strong origination volumes and improving margins, as farmers selling accelerated. Softseeds were down on lower margins and some negative timing impacts. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results were substantially higher on the retroactive passage of the 2017 biodiesel tax credit, which accounted for approximately $120 million and increased volumes in North and South America. Europe was pressured by imports of Argentine biodiesel. Asia was lower on Wilmar results, as Wilmar recognized deferred tax benefits to their earnings in the year-ago quarter. On the crushing and origination side, our Oilseeds Group managed the business extremely well through a complex quarter. Our investments and enhancements in cost, flexibility, and productivity had some of our facilities contribute to our ability to crush at a record level and capitalize on the strong market environment. In RPBO, it's important to remember that we made a choice in how we manage risk in 2017 related to the biodiesel tax credit in 2017, and that execution has now paid off. Slide 11, please. Carbohydrate Solutions results were in line with the year-ago quarter, as we saw continued strength in starches and sweeteners, offset by weak ethanol industry margin environment. Starches and sweeteners was up over the prior year. The North American business delivered another strong quarter with joint ventures ALMEX and Red Star contributing positively to results. Chamtor increasingly contributed in Europe, while sales in Asia were slightly lower. Wheat milling was up, benefiting from strong margins. Bioproducts results were down versus the year-ago quarter due to pressured industry ethanol margins and lower volumes in industrial and beverage alcohol. On slide 12, Nutrition was up versus the prior year-ago period. WFSI results were in line with the first quarter of 2017. In WILD Flavors, a good sales mix with a higher share of flavors, colors, and systems supported solid margin, another quarter of double-digit profit increases versus the prior-year period. Specialty ingredients results were lower on inventory adjustments and an unplanned production outage. Sales volumes were up for specialty ingredients for the quarter, as both Campo Grande specialty proteins team and the Tianjin Fibersol team drive towards full utilization. Animal nutrition results were up significantly over the first quarter of 2017 with strong trade sales and a good sales mix. The team's strong inventory position helped us capitalize on higher sales prices. On the specialty animal feed side, improvements in the lysine business continue to contribute to results. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Juan. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to slide 13. Before we talk about our strategic accomplishments in the first quarter, I would like to take a moment to explain a little bit about some of our recent changes and focus. First, we announced in the first quarter the realignment of our business segments to reflect the company's new operating structure and our continuing evolution. Given our strategies and priorities, our realigned business units will allow for better synergies and utilization of resources and better reflect how we're running now our businesses. For example, moving wheat milling into our new Carbohydrate Solutions business means our two starch processing operations now can work more closely together to develop and sell products. And it offered cost and efficiency synergies as well, but the corn business impressive operational excellence expertise can benefit our milling operations. Moving animal nutrition into the Nutrition business unit means that our pet treat team, which grew significantly with last year's addition of Crosswind Industries, will have the opportunity to work more closely with our flavor and color experts at WILD to create products for this fast-growing market. Bioactives and nutrition will also benefit from being in the same business, as the continued move toward personalized nutrition is closely related to increasing health consciousness among food and beverage consumers. Therefore, the time was right to make the changes in the first quarter and our first quarter reporting reflects the realignment. To assist you with comparisons, we have included a recasting of last year's quarterly segment operating profit under the new segmentation in the Appendix. Looking forward, we're going to continue to drive growth by focusing our efforts on five key platforms that we believe can lead to stronger earnings and returns. They are animal nutrition, bioactives, carbohydrates, human nutrition, and taste. While ADM will always play a critical role in feeding a protein-hungry world whose population will surpass 9.5 billion by the middle of this century, our mission has also evolved to include providing better nutrition for consumers worldwide which has a positive impact on people's quality of life. Our focus on the five key platforms will help us fulfill that mission. And finally, all of our efforts will be informed and improved by Readiness, which will drive efficiencies and improve the customer experience in our existing businesses through a combination of lean manufacturing, processes standardization and digital design and will also support the execution of our growth strategies in our key growth platforms. I will further elaborate on Readiness on the next slide. Slide 14, please, and a review of some of our accomplishments in the first quarter. In our first strategic pillar, we are seeing the results of the actions we have taken to enhance the core. Last quarter, we talked about fixing leakages, specific limited areas where our execution wasn't as strong as it should have been. We saw significant improvements throughout 2017. And in the first quarter of 2018, we have had a great start in terms of the team's performance. For example, our Global Trade team delivered a very strong turnaround in first quarter results and continued its run of strong quarters. Our Oilseeds business delivered important cost savings and margin recovery in South America. And our yield and productivity self-help has led to a turnaround of our lysine business. We're also enhancing our core in Origination with our continued expansion of destination marketing. Actually, earlier this month, we signed a deal with Peel Ports Group to utilize its Glasgow port facilities, allowing us to expand our destination marketing capabilities in Northern England and Scotland. Our second pillar, enhancing readiness, is an area of intense focus. Readiness is an evolution of our ongoing work to leverage technology to improve and standardize processes, reduce costs, drive growth, enhance the customer experience, and build our competitive advantage, all while preserving the positive aspects of our culture. Today, we require more speed and agility than ever. That's why we have decided to expand our readiness efforts to include performance excellence spanning our entire business model. We'll be integrating, prioritizing and resourcing key existing projects under one umbrella while significantly broadening and accelerating the entire effort not just on costs, but also on revenues. As the signs of the importance of these expanded efforts, we have asked Joe Taets, one of our most senior and respected executives, to lead the new Readiness efforts going forward. Joe will be focused on helping the organization drive additional efficiencies more quickly and on improving the customer experience. Our 1ADM business transformation remains a key part of Readiness. During the first quarter, we expanded 1ADM to our ocean freight and European corporate finance operations, and the Readiness will be further expanding 1ADM to cover the entire enterprise. During the first quarter, we have generated operational cost savings of $70 million on a run rate basis and are on pace to exceed our 2018 target of $200 million. In our third pillar, strategic growth, we are supporting our new growth platforms with the opening of our new enzyme lab, which will expand our ability to develop and commercialize a wide range of enzymes and, in particular, will advance our animal health enzyme partnership with Vland Biotech. We're also continuing our geographic growth with the formation of a joint venture with Cargill that will further produce and supply soybean meal and oil for customers in the fast-growing Egyptian market, as well as an expansion into the Russian starches and sweeteners market via a joint venture with Aston Foods. This highlights several of the actions we took in the quarter. We'll continue to update you on our progress regularly. You could please turn to slide 15 for a look forward. In Origination, for the second quarter, we are expecting a small portion of the timing impacts that negatively affected Q1 results to reverse. High river conditions have continued to impact our core operations (00:24:23). ADM is one of the largest exporters of U.S. sorghum to China and we do expect a negative impact of about $30 million in the second quarter related to the Chinese deposits being imposed on that trade. Other than the negative impact on the sorghum issue, we expect Origination's second quarter performance to be more or less in line with the year-ago period. Looking further forward, we expect Origination to have significantly improved results in the second half of the year as U.S. export dynamics improve due to the reduced Argentina soy and corn crops and Brazil corn crop and as negative timing impacts for the first quarter continue to reverse. For the calendar year, we expect solid fundamental improvements in Origination results compared to 2017. Oilseeds will continue to capitalize on improving market conditions in the second quarter and will additionally benefit from the reversal of some significant timing effects from the first quarter. We expect Oilseeds to deliver significantly improved results in Q2 versus the prior-year quarter. For the calendar year, with improved soybean crush volumes and margins, a better origination margin environment in Brazil, and the expected launch of our Egypt joint venture and completion of our Bolivia divestiture, we expect Oilseeds to substantially improve results over 2017, even absent the Q1 income drive from the retroactive 2017 biodiesel tax credit. We expect Carbohydrate Solutions to continue to be impacted by weak ethanol margins leading to results in the second quarter that will be lower than the equivalent period last year. As the rest of the year unfolds, we're expecting starches and sweeteners to continue to see good demand in an environment of tight industry utilization. We should also see some additional contributions when our new Russian joint venture is launched. All told, we think Carbohydrate Solutions' result for the full year will be roughly similar to 2017, but with a big variable will be how ethanol margins evolve throughout the rest of the year. In Nutrition, we expect continuous sales growth to help deliver improved performance in the second quarter. From a seasonal perspective, the second quarter should be the strongest quarter of the year. For the full year, growing sales, continuous strong performance from WILD, plus increasing contributions from both improvements in animal nutrition and new facilities are expected to result in a solid 20%-plus growth in operating profit versus full-year 2017. Altogether, we are well positioned to capitalize on improving market conditions for the balance of 2018. We continue to closely monitor trade developments both in terms of NAFTA as well as U.S.-China developments that seem to evolve almost on a daily basis. So overall, we are pleased with where we are. We've built up our earnings power through the actions we have taken over the past few years, and we're seeing the results in our bottom line as headwinds turn to tailwinds. Looking forward, with our new business structure, a sharper focus on key growth areas, new accelerating Readiness efforts, and a lower effective tax rate, we're even more confident about delivering significantly improved results in 2018 and excited about our future in the years to come. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Your line is open.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Heather.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Heather.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: I had a quick clarification question. Did you say in Oilseeds that you expect Q2 to be substantially better than last year, but only a portion of the Q1 mark-to-market to reverse?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, that's correct.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: And well, actually  we actually expect roughly half of the mark-to-market to reverse in Q2 related to Oilseeds. In the case of ag  Origination, that's going to be more of a Q3 impact, but with respect to the timing of impacts of Oilseeds, roughly half will reverse in Q2.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: And when I'm thinking about the year-on-year swing for Q1 in Oilseeds, the mark-to-market, so it's about $110 million this year, but wasn't it a help in Q1 of 2017, so the year-on-year swing was even bigger than $110 million?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. It was a favorable impact last year. We didn't outline it because it is less than normally a $50 million impact we would online, but it was a small favorable impact last year.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. I wanted to talk to you about the sustainability of the soy crush margin. There seems to be some belief out there that this is just a function of Argentine weather, and that next year we could see a return to more depressed environment like 2017. I was wondering if you could speak to what you think the drivers are of this improved environment and your view of the staying power.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, Heather. The drought in Argentina certainly contributed to the increase in soy crush margins, but we foresaw these crush margins expanding even before the extent of the Argentine drought was known, and it was in the several factors. First of all, there has been not only a drought issue in Argentina, but a little bit of a structural change with the monthly reduction in the soybean export tax that had effectively created a curve in the market and that began in 2018. And also, the U.S. tariff that has been placed on Argentine biodiesel effectively stopping the flow of Argentine biodiesel into the U.S. has changed a little bit the dynamics internally. So, the Argentine crusher has become more disciplined. And I think we see less of mill being subsidized by biodiesel from Argentina, if you will. So, that's one factor there, Argentine dynamic outside the drought. And that's a more permanent dynamic that will stay with us. I think also the Brazilian origination industry has become more rational, following an exceptional challenge in 2017. I think we all learned about that year and we all reduced our take-or-pay commitments, and we are not facing the same mismatch between farmer selling and customer buying that we faced. Demand continues to be strong around the world. We think in this year about 4% increase. And we don't see in the first quarter the same impact we saw last year of having to absorb (00:32:28) that we had last year. So, in that sense, the power of substitute to hurt this year has been reduced and will be into the future. We also  we have seen that with all these changes, the global buyer has become less hand-to-mouth. Over the last few years, there has been a big destocking. And that situation forced us to be more on the spot, if you will, when we cannot buy a book. Now, with the refill with more of a scarcity value returning to the market, the global buyer wants to lock in their cost, and that resulting in better operating environment for us because we can position better. We can work our optionality better. When you add all these, plus everything that we have been doing in terms of cost control and swing capacity in our facilities, we feel very strongly about not only the sustainability of this margin, but the sustainability and improvement of our performance in the years to come.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Heather.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Adam.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hey. Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So maybe continuing on Oilseeds, and I don't want you to just lose some of the confidence and some of the drivers there. I think your exact phrasing was significantly ahead of 2017. And I guess I'm trying to frame it given board crush margins today and even forward crush margins today that sit near multi-year highs. And thinking about kind of banding kind of how much improvement you could actually realize in your base results, especially given some of the weakness in cash markets and South American Origination that you experienced last year that seems to be reversing.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. As I described before, I think we're not only going to see an improvement in Origination in South America. (00:34:34) market part is we have improved and our team, but also in Oilseeds. And listen, we have confidence that we could see Oilseeds achieve about $1 billion or north of $1 billion of operating profit in 2018 even after excluding the credit of the retroactive application of the 2017 biodiesel tax credit. So, that's a significant increase over the about $850 million of adjusted OP that we achieved last year. So we feel very good about it.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And just to be clear on that, I mean ADM crushes 30-or-so million tons a year of soybeans, $150 million increase in profit even exclusive of the biodiesel tax credit. I mean the board crush margins have expanded significantly more than that, so I'm just trying to make sure I'm not thinking about that wrong or where the deltas are on the negative side that would be tempering some of that year-on-year improvement.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Don't forget the South America and Brazil Origination is a significant turnaround versus last year. So when you look at the Oilseeds segment, you're not looking solely at the crush margin. You also need to look at the South America, particularly the Brazil Origination. And in the first quarter, it is a significant turnaround, and we expect that to continue over the rest of the year as well.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just a quick question on ethanol, and I think, Juan, you had some pretty tempered comments on the second quarter and maybe for the balance of the year. I mean the margin environment has  I mean it's not great, but it seems like it's actually modestly better than it was a year ago. The inventory picture and production numbers have been reasonably constructive for the industry in the last few weeks. Could you talk about how you think about ethanol over the balance of the year and some of the puts and takes against that outlook?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Sure. Yes. Of course on the positive side, Adam, we see favorable blending economics both domestically and globally. And that will lead to strong exports. At the beginning of the year, we were probably thinking about 1.8 billion gallons of exports. Now with China, we're probably thinking more in the range of 1.6 billion gallons. So you are right. We are entering the driving season with inventories that are lower than last year, so that is on the positive, but we will see. We'll have to see the strengths of domestic gasoline consumption in the driving season given prices. Prices are kind of creeping up for gasoline, so we'll see how that impact demand. And we continue to see exports going to Brazil, and as I said, with the exception of China, we export  I think the industry exported like about 100 million gallons in the first quarter to China, but we're probably estimating 200 million gallons less for the rest of the year. So a lot of volatility and I will say there has been some increase in margins over the recent weeks, but everything will be determined on how do we go through the driving season and the rest of the year. And as I said, there is some optimism in the fact that we're entering the season with a little bit lower inventories on last year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful color. I'll pass it on.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you for the question.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. You certainly talked about some of the structural improvements going on in Argentina to make the crushing market more favorable going forward and also the reduced take-or-pay kind of activity. Can you speak also about farmer selling in Latin America or in Brazil in particular and is there something structurally improving there as well? It would seem to me that they would  the farmers there would continue to have a pretty good negotiating pattern and perhaps the Argentinian farmers would as well regardless of what's going on with the weather in Argentina. Are these things related to the crushing discipline or is it something separate?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I would say in Argentina, farmer selling remained historically slow. And I think at this point in time, it will continue to do so. We see the farmer has sold  I mean, has priced about 20% of the crop, which is about 8 million tons. Obviously, it's a smaller crop and prices have come up because the crusher needs to entice the farmer to sell in Argentina at this point in time. But I will say, in Argentina, it's going to be a little bit about interest rates, inflation, devaluation of the peso, and the farmer will be playing with that. So we expect that these carry that to a certain degree  the government has put into the market will continue to make the Argentine seller a slow seller. In Brazil, we have seen farmer selling. At this point in time, they price probably about 56% to 60% of their crop versus about 44% a year ago. So we've seen good farmer selling actually in Q1 and during the first weeks of Q2. Rallies in the market and obviously devaluation of the real has brought the farmer to market, so we will have to evaluate how it goes. But so far, the start of the year have played that way.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: But do you see any structural changes in the Brazilian farmers' ability to delay selling or if it's  or not?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Not any significant change versus last year. No, I would say. No.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Can I ask the last question? Do you have a rough estimate for what animal nutrition's profits are on an annual basis?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I think that when you look at the pro forma, we kind of showed you kind of what last year's number was, which I think was about  roughly about $20 million. I think you should expect that's going to improve because of the improvements that have been made in the  particularly the lysine business. We kind of continue to grow that particular business.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, because you have $23 million in first quarter alone, so...
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. So, that's one thing. We should actually expect a pretty strong growth in the animal nutrition business on a calendar year basis compared to 2017.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Rob, the improvement that we've been talking on lysine all these  for the last year has been significant  have been significant. And you will see a big acceleration in animal nutrition results over time.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is now open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Wanted to follow up on the oilseed crush questions and just maybe because we've had such a substantial spike in margins, can you guys just talk a little bit about the hedging philosophy on how this works? Like, we're already here into the second quarter. What kind of business is done at these really terrific spot margins versus maybe the team hedged it many months ago for the second quarter at lower margins? I think we're all maybe very interested in that particular point because I think it starts to give us information as to how we think about the profit potential of these businesses as time progresses. I'd also be curious about how you think about hedging Q3 and Q4. Can you even do it? Is there enough liquidity in the market to hedge at this time?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, David. Normally in our oilseeds crush operation, we do run hedges. We do actually try to lock in margins in the future. The degree that we lock in is a function of our outlook  our perceptions in terms of supply/demand and how margins move. I mentioned to you that a lot of the timing effects will reverse in the second quarter, so that actually gives you an indication that back in the fourth quarter we did lock into quite a bit of margins related to the second quarter and that will unwind. The rest of the other 50% that will unwind, that will unwind over the course of third quarter, fourth quarter and a little bit in 2019, so that gives you a sense that we're always going to be hedging more than nearby and then less on the (00:44:07). But as we pointed out, I mean (00:44:11) the mark-to-market, this is actually very good news. And it tells you that the forward margins look very, very healthy. So the fact that we have a lot of that unhedged, we will be able to benefit from that type of margin in the future when we actually execute. And actually, with the higher margins, we are continuing to hedge, so we are putting on more hedges as we kind of go through every quarter.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Do you have good visibility into the back half of the year then because of the margins  sorry, because of the hedging program? Is it fair to say? I mean would it be north of 50% of the other volumes? Is there any kind of ballpark? I mean I understand proprietary, but we're all struggling here with how we think about the model in Q3, Q4 and a lot of this related just to your strategies on the hedge.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I mean we're not necessarily going to go through the specifics in terms of how much we're going to hedge, but we do  I mean just the fact I pointed out that we do have some mark-to-market timing effects in Q3, Q4 indicates that we do have hedges out there.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. I'll leave it there on the Oilseeds one. Just a follow-up on ethanol. We do calculate margins here that are actually reasonable. And just can you explain again why  I didn't understand why you're so  I don't want to say, I don't know the right word  concerned is, but it's a year-on-year negative comparison versus the year ago. And the environment here feels good. Did ADM  again maybe it's a heading question again. Did you guys lock in ethanol business some time ago before we saw the margin structure here lift up?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No. No, David. Maybe the commentary is relative to the other segments. When we were talking about 2018 and how confident we feel about the results being much better than 2017, we see very strong origination comp versus the previous year, and we're going to go up in every segment in origination year-over-year. We see the strengths on Oilseeds, and not only crushing, but also Origination in South America versus the previous year. We think we're going to double-digit growth in Nutrition, and we continue to see very strong sweeteners and starches business. So my point is the only question mark, if you will, in the environment is the ethanol. And especially, given that the duties that China put will reduce the volume on that. So, coming into the year, we thought very strong export will tip off, if you will, and make the margins expand into ethanol. Now, we're going to have to deal with 200 million gallon less of that. And that's why I've been a little bit more cautious. But probably this is relative to how optimistic we are for the rest of our business, if you will.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. I'll pass it along. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hi, Ann.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Back to  good morning. Back to Oilseeds, are you running at capacity or do you have room to increase volumes going forward?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: We were running at capacity, I would say, March  all the way to March. And then April, we started a little bit with maintenance  with seasonal maintenance in this time of the year. So, that's the dynamic. But before that, we were probably running north of 95%.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And that's global or U.S.?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No. That was U.S.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: U.S. Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about Wilmar? Wilmar is one of the largest crushers in China and it imports most of its beans, I presume that that's through your joint venture. Can you talk about the dynamics and how that relationship might change should the Chinese put a tariff on imported soybeans?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. So, first of all, Wilmar is a very diversified company. It certainly has a big palm oil and tropical operations, and has developed over the last few years a big consumer products business in China. So it is less exposed of  to soybean crushing than maybe people give them credit for. I would say, if all this U.S.-China trade dispute end up not being resolved, and in June we see 25% duties on beans, I think you will see probably an impact on the volumes of Wilmar crushing because basically China will be buying more expensive beans and soybean meal will become a little bit more expensive and there will be some impact on demand. So I expect capacity utilization to be reduced a little bit. I don't know to what extent. Of course, we know that Brazil exports about give or take 70 million tons of beans and China imports about 100 million tons, so there is a gap there. But at the end of the day, that's the impact we are seeing that potentially will have reduced capacity utilization a little bit in Wilmar.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: It's also important to note that Wilmar is probably one of the most efficient crushers in China. And so, whenever there's going to be more input price pressure, they will on a relative basis do better just due to the fact that they have a very, very efficient cost structure.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. And if I could just ask one quick follow-up philosophical one, you noted one that part of ADM's vision is to provide better nutrition for consumers. Where do sweeteners and starches fit into that vision or that mission?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. We have a business that has some components of healthy nutrition and we have some parts that are more related to indulgence and fun. So there are some products like high fructose corn syrup that goes into products like carbonated soft drinks that they have a place in nutrition and with moderation they can be consumed as part of our diet. The business as you heard us saying for many, many years has been working on what we call the Fight for the Grind, which has continued to bring other things to do to be produced out of corn and that's why the starches piece of the business continue to grow. So it's part of our portfolio. It may not grow as fast as other parts of the portfolio, but it's part of our portfolio, and it's a healthy part of it.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Ann.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. I just wanted to circle back to your operational synergies target, and you guys said you might be able to do in excess of $200 million. Could you provide a breakdown a little bit by segment and how much you might be able to exceed that number?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hi, Michael. Listen, I don't have a breakdown of the whole synergies per the four segments, but in general they are very much allocated, if you will, or they can from the size of the assets. So, normally, in every year, corn tends to take about half of everything we save because they have the biggest facilities. I think Oilseeds has done very well this year, and you're going to see maybe 25% from Oilseeds. And then, if you will, the rest of the 25% is split between Nutrition and Ag Services, give or take.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And how much in excess of $200 million do you think  you said you guys are running ahead of $200 million. I mean how much upside is there?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: It probably may be 10%, 20% upside to that. We were very pleased because, as you know, some of these projects are CapEx-related. And we reduced the amount of CapEx for this year. So we were thinking maybe $200 million will become a difficult target without the ability to do CapEx. But kudos to our operation teams because they look at the pipeline and they found $70 million of run rate with some capital restriction. So we are very pleased about the start of the year and that gives us hope and confidence that we will exceed the $200 million. We have developed  this has become part of the culture. We've been doing this for the last five years. And over the last four or five years, we have saved about $1 billion run rate in this operational excellence. And when we think about going forward, Michael, on Readiness in which we are not only looking at performance excellence for our plants, but also for the whole company, we think that the Readiness programs, and that's why we're putting so much emphasis on it, has probably another $1 billion of savings ahead of us and so  over several years. But we see that that $1 billion that we achieved over the last four years, we have another $1 billion ahead of us. And this start of the year with $70 million run rate in the first quarter give us even more evidence that that is highly achievable.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Great. That was really helpful color. Just shifting gears, maybe you could talk a little bit in terms of WILD Flavors, and I know 2Q is seasonally the strongest period of the year. But as you sort of look out maybe even a little bit more longer term, I mean what type of revenue and EBIT growth rate should we be thinking about over the next couple of years for WILD Flavors?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. So, one of our main tenets (00:54:56) in WILD Flavors is that we are providing natural flavors and second that we are focusing on providing total ingredient solutions. So, that value proposition is resonating very well with customers, and you see that WILD Flavors continued to grow earnings of double digits. Actually, at the moment, I will say in places like Asia Pacific, we are capacity-limited. If not, we will be growing revenue faster. And we are expanding. We're doubling that facility as fast as we can. So, I will say we have  still, we have untapped potential because we haven't even started playing the level much (00:55:37) in flavor in South America. We are at capacity in Asia Pacific. We are growing about 30% per year from a small base in Africa. So we think again that this transition from just individual flavors or individual products to more solutions is right in our alley and resonating with customers. And we see the potential of double-digit growth for several years ahead of us as we bring more capacity.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. Is that double-digit revenue growth or double-digit percentage?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No. I will say double-digit operating profit growth. Revenue growth should be something between 4% and 7% or 8% depending on the area and depending on when do we bring the next capacity. As I said, right now, we're a little bit constrained on capacity. So you see us shifting the mix to more profitable things. That's why you see OP growing faster than revenue. But as soon as we bring some extra capacity, you will see us growing more like in the 7% to 8% revenue.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you very much. That was very helpful.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Welcome, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is now open.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, as you're going through this better upswing in the commodity cycle and it's helping your Oilseeds and other parts of your businesses, can you talk about your efforts of how much your earnings power should be higher relative to where it would have been just in an upswing because as a point of reference, again as I think was pointed out earlier if you just take the crush margin in terms of your capacity, they didn't seem there's much upside to your operational efficiencies in all the actions that you've taken. So we're trying to figure out what the implications are on your earnings power of all the stuff that you've done and if you can put in some sort of context given the higher commodity cycle?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I mean, Ken, I mean we've talked in the past about how we've been driving earnings improvements over the years. And we've been talking about how we've been, one, driving operational excellence. And so we've seen a lot of benefits from operational excellence. As you know, not all of it flows to the bottom line because we've actually reinvested some of these savings in different initiatives. And secondly, we've talked about growth initiatives. The accretion from recent investments and we're getting a whole lot of that accretion now with these things starting up like Campo Grande and Tianjin. Thirdly, the WILD Flavors was important part of our accretion story, and you're starting to see the traction from WILD Flavors in terms of double-digit growth. And then lastly, we did do quite a few share buybacks over the past couple of years and that's also contributed towards our earnings power. And so I think we've indicated that over the past couple of years some of the headwinds that kind of mask these improvements, and when you can try to figure out how much of these headwinds cost us, you could easily  we talked about the fact that these headwinds could be more than $0.50 a share, right, in terms of the impact on us. And so as these headwinds kind of subside and become tailwinds, more like tailwinds, you're going to see strong recoveries particularly in Oilseeds segment. We're actually very optimistic about Oilseeds in terms of what it can deliver as protein demand continues to be strong, as our U.S. operations continue to drive efficiencies. And so we're probably most optimistic in terms of recovery of the base in the Oilseeds business. In Origination, we're seeing good recoveries right now. As I indicated, we're talking about fundamental improvements in terms of recovery of Origination. But I mean there has been some structural changes. We talked about some of the structural changes that have impacted Origination. And so we're probably never going to get back to the historical ranges in Origination. Then in Carbohydrates or the former Corn Processing segment, we talked about the fact that we're growing the geographic footprint of that. And so, that's how we're going to be driving earnings power in the Carbohydrates segment as we continue to expand that footprint. And then under the new Nutrition segment, we're very optimistic about that one. We talked about 20%-plus operating profit growth in 2018. This really is one of our key growth segments going forward.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, net-net if you take all the investments that you've made in and then ex out some of the structural, is it a net positive to your earnings power when we see the cycle completely turn or is it a net neutral? How do you think about that? I guess it's just philosophically, and then I mean if you put numbers through, that would be all better, but it does (01:00:32)
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No. I mean philosophically, Ken, it's a net positive. There's no doubt about it. And I think that as we kind of go through this year, I think you're going to start seeing how these earnings power translates into stronger earnings for our company and that's the reason why we're so confident about this particular year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Ken, I think if you think about how we navigated the down cycle, I think we navigated the down cycle very well and mostly through good execution and great cost position. I do believe that we have the leading cost position in the industry and we will continue to enhance that advantage. What you haven't seen much of it has been the rewards from all the results of all the growth investments. Just because in order to build a plant, it takes you 18 to 24 months, and then it takes you another 12 to 18 months to start making money after you fill it up. So we have a lot of latent earnings power there coming on a stream. And I think you're going to see that in 2019 and 2020. And we don't stay still. Look at our operational excellence, now then into Readiness, and Readiness is going to drive not only maybe an extra $1 billion of cost, but also revenue growth. And we feel very good how we continue to get better of how do we execute our strategy. I think we will learn it ourselves and our team are getting better on that. And then I think it's paying off to sticking to the strategy because we're becoming better. And every one of these improvements or tweaks that you make, whether this is small realignment of Readiness, it's just another page of the strategy that we are unveiling. But it's because we're getting more comfortable and we've become better. And I think you're going to see that coming into the P&L now that maybe the down cycle subsided a little bit.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is now open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: A question on Ag Services. You guys highlighted that you have a good export program out of the U.S. going into the second half. Some color on the elevation margins on that export program? And kind of what degree you think we could see growth in that segment this year?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Elevation margins have moved up. I mean that's part of the reason why we took the negative timing effect related to Origination. Beginning of the year, we had about maybe $0.10 forward of elevation margins. They've moved up to about $0.20 to $0.30 right now. So, that's a positive. We are seeing demand out of United States. As we indicated, we had river condition issues at the beginning of the quarter, so it was tough to actually get product down to the Gulf. And secondly, with some challenges down South America, we're seeing customers actually come to us right now in order to source their product. And so overall, we expect the elevation margins to remain robust as we kind of move through the year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: So in terms of earnings for that segment versus last year or versus historical levels, I mean you earned $900 million in that segment in 2014. Is that a number that's just too big to repeat given the strong export program? And last year, you earned a low of around $585 million. How should we think kind of the earnings power of that segment is today?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I think, Farha, if we maybe recast it into pro forma in terms of our new segment called Origination, right, maybe that's a better way to think through it because that excludes milling. I think how you want to be able to think about it is last year we finished up Origination roughly $400 million, but we also had some favorable benefits in the fourth quarter related to settlements. And so you take out some of the favorable settlement impact, you're probably in the low 300s, like $320 million or so. We don't expect we're going to have these favorable settlements this year. And so the way we kind of look at it is for 2018 Origination, we're going to have strong improvements off that $320 million base. Now, as Juan indicated, we will take about a $30 million provision in the second quarter related to sorghum, okay? And I kind of view that as kind of a one-off contained in the second quarter. I got to get that behind us. So after you take that into account, then we do expect that Origination will register strong profit improvement versus where we delivered last year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for the added color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson from Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys. I know we're running really late. I have just a couple of really quick questions. This morning, the focus has really been on your forward book of business for 2018, but  and there's questions about sustainability, but I've started to see some positive bookings. Your buyers seem to be willing to go out as far as second quarter next year. Is that what you're seeing as well in the market? It seems like we're starting to get even further out building of a book of business.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, Eric. Good morning. Yes, you're right and you heard me saying it before in my comments. So we see that that's a big difference versus last year and the previous year, but prices were coming down. Everybody was destocking and that was an impact on demand that we couldn't see. And then it limits our ability and our optionality to position ourselves better. Now that the market  the buyers are building the book, that allows us to excel into using all the ADM optionality that we have based on our assets and our different locations. So, yeah, we see that and that's a big positive for us.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes. I certainly see that, too. So then the final question is we've had a meaningful change in the grain market. And I'm just going to use corn as an example where your forward curve on corn is quite positive. You're at $416 million on the harvest (01:07:18) contract. Farmers for the first time in quite some time can sell forward 2018 production above their cost of production. And I suspect that this is meaningfully changing how farmers will go to market  the speed at which they'll go to market, I would assume that this is going to encourage faster and more selling. What are you hearing from your farmer customers regarding kind of the new pricing environment for grain?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: We haven't heard the significant change at this point in time. Hopefully, this is going to come back to more normal commercialization of the crop during the crop year, but at this point in time, we haven't seen a significant shift.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Eric. So...
Operator: Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, Lindsey, so I just want to finish saying thank you for joining us today. The slide 16 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. So, as always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions, and have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.
Analysts: Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Heather Jones - Vertical Group Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President-Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Jack. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's fourth quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following this presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflects management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation and you should carefully review these assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results, as well as the drivers of our performance in the quarter. Then, Juan will provide an update of our 2017 calendar year results, the progress of our strategy, and discuss our forward-look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, all, for joining us today. This morning we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.82. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $793 million. First, I want to report that in the fourth quarter of 2017, we delivered the best quarterly employee safety record in our company's history. And in 2017, we have three separate months in which we achieved employee safety records. These are not minor or ancillary achievements. We, of course, value safety for its own sake, and we see that going hand-in-hand with overall performance. We ended 2017 with a solid fourth quarter. We pulled the levers that were under control, including cost and capital initiatives and interventions throughout the year to help us deliver value for shareholders. For 2017 as a whole, we delivered double-digit adjusted earnings growth, improved returns on invested capital, and generated positive EVA. And given our solid cash flows, earlier this morning we announced a dividend increase of $0.015, or 4.7%. Looking forward, we continue to focus on our own actions to be the drivers of our success. Our increasing international presence and expanding capabilities in areas such as destination marketing, food and beverage innovations, and health and wellness, all help to position ADM for continued growth and value creation as we implement our strategy. All of these factors lead us to be optimistic about 2018. When I look at ADM today, I see a company that is poised to capitalize on macro trends, harvest our recent investments, and reap even more benefits from our actions. Later on this call, I'll discuss further the outlook for our businesses. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thanks, Juan, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.82, up from the $0.75 in the prior year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $793 million, down $34 million from the year ago quarter. Excluding the effects of U.S. tax reform, the effective tax rate was 24% for the quarter and year, below our forecasted annual tax rate of approximately 28% due to favorable discrete tax items. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was a positive 46% and includes a net estimate benefit from U.S. tax reform of $379 million. This benefit is comprised of a $528 million benefit from rerating of deferred tax assets and liabilities to 21% and a $369 million repatriation tax partially offset by $220 million benefit from releasing previously recorded deferred tax liabilities. Looking forward into 2018, we expect the effective tax rate for ADM before discrete tax items to be in the range of 20% to 23%, down from the 28% to 30% level that we have previously communicated to you as our historical effective tax rates range. Our trailing four quarter adjusted ROIC of 6.4% is 40 basis points above our 2017 annual WACC of 6.0%, thus generating positive EVA of almost $100 million on a four quarter trailing average basis. On chart 18 in the Appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $1.39 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.82 per share. For this quarter, we had an $0.08 per share charge related to asset impairments restructuring activities and settlements, and a net positive benefit of $0.65 per share related to U.S. tax reform. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Before discussing the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the corporate items affecting our quarterly results. In the corporate lines, net interest expense for the quarter was relatively flat at $78 million. Looking ahead, we're projecting net interest expense for calendar year 2018 to be relatively similar to the $310 million we recorded in 2017. Unallocated corporate costs of $94 million were down versus the prior year, largely due to lower spending for special projects, reduced employee costs, and the lack of an expense in the year ago quarter related to an investment in a corporate initiative. For 2018, we're expecting unallocated corporate costs in the range of the $140 million per quarter guidance that we provided to you for 2017 calendar year, with the company reinvesting in R&D, innovation, and readiness and business transformation activities that we deferred from 2017. Minority interest and other charges increased by $50 million, primarily due to the lack of a $38 million benefit in the year-ago quarter from an OPEB curtailment gain related changes to benefit plans. Turning to the cash flow statement on slide 6. We generated $1.9 billion from operations before working capital changes, just down slightly versus the prior year. We had favorable changes in working capital of about $300 million, compared to a large use of working capital last year. So our operating cash flows, including working capital, were much higher than the prior-year period. Total capital spending was approximately $1 billion, in line with our recently updated expectations for the year. Looking ahead, we're planning for a reduction in capital spending in 2018 to approximately $800 million, as we expect to start harvesting the benefits of our recent investments. We invested in various acquisitions amounting to $187 million. We returned approximately $1.5 billion of capital to shareholders throughout the year through dividends and share repurchases. We spent approximately $750 million to repurchase shares, less than the beginning of the year guidance, as our leverage and credit metrics approach our desired ranges. For 2018, we do expect to repurchase shares at least at the level to offset dilution from benefit plans, and potentially more, subject to the strength of our operating cash flows and other uses of cash. All this will be in the context of our capital allocation framework. Our average share count for the quarter was 565 million diluted shares outstanding, down approximately 16 million shares from the beginning of this year. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. Our balance sheet remained strong. Our operating working capital of $7.4 billion is basically in line with the year ago period. Total debt was about $7.5 billion, resulting in a net debt balance, that is debt less cash, of $6.7 billion. We finished the year with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 27%, a comfortable solid ratio for an investment grade company in this industry. Our shareholders' equity of $18.3 billion was up from the $17.2 billion level last year, primarily due to changes in the currency translation count as non-U.S. currency strengthened against the U.S. dollar. We had $5.5 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of December. If you add the available cash, we had access to $6.3 billion of short-term liquidity. Next I'll discuss our business performance for the quarter on slide 8. In the fourth quarter, we earned $793 million of operating profit excluding specified items, down from the $827 million in last year's fourth quarter. For 2017 calendar year, despite some difficult operating conditions, our calendar year adjusted segment operating profit of $2.7 billion was slightly higher than 2016. Now I'll review the performance of each of the segments. Starting on slide 9, Ag Services results were up over the prior year period. Merchandising and Handling was up year-over-year. Our Global Trade team executed well, delivering positive results for the third consecutive quarter, and we are continuing to see good contributions from our investments in destination marketing, including in Egypt and Israel, where we have expanded our capabilities in recent years. Merchandising and Handling results were also positively impacted by insurance claim settlements with our captive insurance operations and other income in the quarter. In North America, we continue to see a lack of competitiveness for U.S. grain exports, which negatively impacted both volumes and margins. Transportation results decreased from their prior-year period due to lower barge loadings and freight values. Icy conditions towards the end of the quarter also impacted river traffic. Milling and Other earnings were down year-over-year due to lower volumes and margins. Now turning to slide 10, Corn Processing had a solid quarter, with higher results over the prior-year period. Sweetener and Starches delivered another strong performance in the quarter, with good sales growth and solid margins, particularly in our North American liquid sweeteners business. Our European operations, which we expanded significantly in recent years, including with the recent acquisitions of Chamtor, continued to deliver good results. Bioproduct results were down compared to the prior-year period. Ethanol industry margins were lower, as production pushed stocks higher. However, the team's strong risk management execution offset a significant portion of these negative impacts. Animal Nutrition was significantly higher than the year-ago quarter, as ongoing efforts to improve our cost positions in the specialty feed ingredients business continued to bear fruit. Turning to slide 11, Oilseeds Processing results were down compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Crushing and Origination was down versus the fourth quarter of 2016. Crush volumes were strong, although margins were weak globally. Throughout the quarter, we continued to see the indicators of improving global demand for soybean meal as the effects of alternate proteins diminished and livestock numbers continued to increase. Therefore, we saw margins trend up late in the fourth quarter. Weakness in South American Origination margins and volumes negatively impacted results. Refining, Packaging, Biodiesel and Other results were lower versus the fourth quarter of 2016 due primarily to the lack of the biodiesel tax credit in this year's results. Refined and package oils delivered a solid quarter, benefiting from improved volumes in all regions and a solid margin environment. Asia was up slightly over the prior year period on the Wilmar results. Now onto slide 12, the WFSI team turned a solid quarter, with results up over the year-ago period. WILD Flavors delivered double-digit operating growth, driven by sales increases across all regions, as well as some margin improvements. Specialty Ingredients results were up versus a difficult year-ago period. The business continues to see the benefits after significant self-help actions throughout the last year, including improved inventory management and innovation in finding new uses for products. We saw margin improvement in several businesses in the quarter, particularly natural health and nutrition and the benefits from improved cost positioning in proteins. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Juan. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to slide 13. I'd like to take a moment to reflect a little bit about 2017 as a whole, how we advanced our strategy, how we took important measures to improve execution and control costs and capital, and how all of our actions helped contribute to our results for the year. We finished 2017 with adjusted EPS 12.5% higher than 2016, with higher adjusted operating profits for the full year than 2016, with solid operating cash flows, and with returns on our invested capital well-above WACC resulting in positive EVA and shareholder value creation. All told, our team achieved almost $400 million of monetizations in 2017, grew sales in targeted areas by more than $500 million, generated $285 million of run-rate cost savings, and returned $1.5 billion of capital to shareholders. As I mentioned earlier, we had our best quarterly employee safety record ever. In addition, December was the safest month we've ever recorded and two other months in 2017 rank among our very safest. And we did this all while still remaining true to the value creation strategy we set out in 2014 by enhancing our core, advancing readiness, and growing strategically, particularly in the parts of our value chain that are closer to the end customer. I'm proud of our team for continuing to focus on our strategy, even while managing the day-to-day execution that is so critical for our success. We've been consistent in running our business today and positioning our business for tomorrow and beyond. For example, in our first strategic pillar, enhancing the core, each business contributed, making sure they were investing time and money as efficiently and effectively as possible to deliver value day-in and day-out. Ag Services divested our Crop Risk Service business and took aggressive actions to strengthen execution in our Global Trade operations. Our Corn team has delivered important yield and productivity improvements in lysine, resulting in a turnaround of that business. Oilseeds announced the sale of our Bolivian Oilseeds operations and worked hard to diversify our oil streams into a wider variety of products to help capture steady margins. WFSI continued to deliver sales synergies throughout 2017, with a pipeline of more than 2,000 individual projects. And our second pillar, enhancing readiness, is one that is a little bit more behind the scenes, but is critical to our success. We had some important readiness accomplishments in 2017. We have rolled out our 1ADM business transformation project across several of our business and regions, as we continue to standardize our business processes around the globe. We are pleased with the results we're seeing with 1ADM, and looking forward to continuing rollouts throughout 2018. Our operational excellence efforts have yielded important improvements as we leverage technology and best practices to reduce energy intensity, improve yields, and streamline processes. Each business contributed to the impressive run-rate cost savings we delivered in 2017. Our Corn team is advancing their performance excellence initiative, a rigorous program that is empowering, engaging and, enabling frontline colleagues to help improve and standardize processes across the business. Two plants have completed the first year of this program and we plan to launch it in several other locations this year. In our third pillar, strategic growth, we have continued to invest to grow our capabilities further down the value chain. Our Ag Services business continued to enhance its ability to offer end-to-end solutions for customers with investments in destination marketing, particularly our new ADM Israel joint venture. For the year, the team delivered 20% growth in destination market in volumes. The Corn team continued to expand its global Sweeteners and Starches footprint with the acquisition of Chamtor in France and enhancements at our former Eaststarch facilities in Turkey and Bulgaria. We're also continuing to build our animal nutrition capabilities, including new feed pre-mix facilities in China and we entered the pet treats business with the acquisition of Crosswind Industries. WFSI opened innovation centers in China, Australia, and just a couple of weeks ago Singapore. This state-of-the-art research and development facilities allow ADM scientists to work hand-in-hand with food and beverage customers to meet all of their needs for taste, nutrition, function, and texture. We acquired Biopolis and entered to a research agreement with Mayo Clinic, both of which expanded our capabilities in the important and growing area of personalized nutrition, probiotics and prebiotics that may improve digestive health. And we are expanding our bioactives capabilities in the animal health and nutrition markets as well by entering into a joint development agreement with Vland Biotech in China to develop and commercialize enzymes for animal feed. In the coming months, we'll be opening up a new research lab in California to support that work. Our team has delivered substantial achievements in advancing our strategy, while balancing the pace of investment with our disciplined approach to returns and delivering current value for shareholders. We are very focused on returns and cash flows. We generated almost $2 billion of operating cash flows in a period when margin conditions in many of our businesses were at the lower end of their historic ranges. That is why we are confident about increasing our quarterly dividend by almost 5%. We are proud to have increased dividends for more than 25 consecutive years and issued more than 86 years of uninterrupted dividends. By executing our strategy and being disciplined about our capital allocation framework, we are delivering value today, even while we're building for a bigger, even better tomorrow. Before we take your questions, I would like to offer our outlook for 2018. We're looking to take the momentum that we have generated through the actions we implemented in 2017 and continue strong in 2018. Between our strategy, our execution in all three of our pillars, and the benefits of tax reform, we are looking forward to a good year as our strategy continues to unfold throughout the next several quarters. Let me talk for a moment about the first quarter. In Ag Services, we're planning for continued opportunities in Global Trade and destination marketing. The South American crop will be moving into global markets, which will impact the competitiveness of U.S. agricultural exports. We expect Ag Services' Q1 performance to be largely in line with the prior-year period. In Corn, margins in the Sweeteners and Starches business, as well as in ethanol, will experience normal seasonal patterns during the quarter. Animal Nutrition should see stronger results thanks to revenue growth and improved cost positions. Altogether, we think we are likely to see a first quarter for Corn that is in line with the prior-year quarter. In Oilseeds, we're optimistic about the recent movements in crush, as the margin outlook is positive due to increasing demand and improved trade flows. We are planning for continued strong results from our RPBO businesses, although the status of the U.S. biodiesel blenders' credit creates uncertainty in biodiesel margins. We expect Q1 in Oilseeds to be lower than the first quarter of last year. In WFSI, we are planning for Q1 results similar to the strong first quarter of 2017 as Campo Grande ramps up and we continue to see solid sales and earnings growth from WILD. Looking to the full year, although we continue to see certain green shoots, we are planning conservatively. Hence, we continue to focus on the levers we can control. We have a good base from this quarter and this year in which to build, and we are looking for a year of solid earnings and EPS growth. Here's how I think about growth from the perspective of four components. First, as you might recall, we took actions earlier in 2017 to fix what we call leakages, things we did not do as well as we should. We're seeing the results of our initiatives to end those leakages, and this will benefit our earnings in 2018. There are probably about $100 million of leakages that impacted 2017 results that should be mitigated in 2018. Second, we will continue to reduce costs. We'll see the results from the run-rate cost savings we achieved last year, and we'll take additional readiness actions. We have set the target for $200 million in new run-rate savings by the end of 2018. Third, we will benefit from our growth initiatives. We'll see the full-year results of the investments we made in 2017, and all four businesses will continue to invest in new growth both organically and through M&A, particularly on the right-hand side of the value chain. And finally, we will see the benefits of lower tax expense from U.S. tax reform. That is why I feel optimistic about 2018. We're going to continue to execute and we're going to continue to grow earnings, improve returns, and generate value for our shareholders. And I also feel good about our future beyond 2018. Whether we think about feeding a growing population or the clean labels and natural solutions that are in high demand today, or consumers looking for proactive approaches to health and nutrition, we are very well positioned to deliver and create value. So before we open up the call for questions about our results, I want to make one final comment. Obviously, we are well aware of the recent stories in the press about ADM and Bunge. As we move to Q&A, I'm sure you understand that we're not going to comment on these sort of matters, but we do look forward to taking your questions about our earnings and forward outlook. So, Jack, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken. How are you?
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good. A couple questions. One is, when you talk about the outlook of your businesses, the first quarter seems to be a little bit lighter than last year, but yet you're talking about growth. Where do you see  which divisions do you expect to see the greatest degree of growth from to be able to offset some of the weakness in the first quarter, and how is that going to develop through the year? And then I have a follow-up.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you, Ken. I think we see WFSI should have a very good year. At the last earnings call, if you recall, we talked a little bit about $30 million of P&L impact in the 2017 results due to some of the investments and start-ups that we were making during both 2016 and 2017 we should not have in 2018, and we're going to start seeing the benefits of those plans coming into operations. So, we feel very strongly about WFSI will have a much better year than 2017. We see Corn continue to grow, Sweeteners and Starches, the business internationally, and the North American business should be able to maintain the margins that we achieved in 2017. We see, of course, some uncertainty for the calendar year with overall industry ethanol margins, but we are particularly encouraged about the demand side of ethanol, especially from exports, where we think that they're going to grow into China and Brazil this year having been major contributors. For Oilseeds, we are very encouraged how the supply/demand appears to be getting tighter for mill and oil, and we've seen that a little bit through this quarter, and we've seen that in Q1. So, our plants are running hard, and we see a lot the headwinds that we had last year subsiding this year, whether it was the competing alternative proteins or a lot of crush from Argentina or some issues in terms of avian flu and all that that have subsided for the most part. For Ag Services, I think you saw a little bit of this quarter. I think there was very effective management of the business in 2017 we reduced and we optimized some of the operations in Global Trade and we expanded destination marketing. And we're going to see a better result from that, mostly self-help improvements as the year go by. So, we still feel very strongly, as I said, about 2018 in the different businesses. When you put on top of that our cost improvements that we continue to execute on and the benefit of a lower tax rate, we see a very strong 2018 and another year of growth earnings for us.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And my just second question is, when I think about your strategic initiatives over the long term, has anything changed in terms of how you look at where you need to be in a couple of years? It seems like over the last couple of years, you really did focus on value-added products and kind of minimizing or trying to reduce the expansion into Oilseeds. Has that changed? Will that change? What do you think about that going forward for the next two to three years?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Ken, we have a growth strategy and our growth strategy, our growth part of it has three pillars fundamentally that we've been implemented, and I think we've been consistent over the last few years. One was the geographic expansion. We continue to make ADM better balanced geographically, and we've done a good job of completing the value chain in Europe. If you think about six, seven years ago, Europe was mostly Oilseeds business. Now, we have our Ag Services as we bought Toepfer. Now we have also milling in the UK. We also bought Eaststarch and we expanded corn also with Chamtor, and now we have WFSI. So Europe has been built to the extent that the U.S. is built, and now it's a matter of driving returns. We've done the same in South America, but South America is trailing Europe in that regard, and the same has happened with Southeast Asia. So that will continue, but it's very selectively, and we said strategically invest, because we don't want to just invest to be big. We just want to invest to plug holes in our value chain. So that's one aspect. The second aspect was getting to the 25% of Wilmar that we have gotten, and we implemented that last year. And the third aspect of growth was to continue to drive the market-facing units, the growth in it, whether it's food and beverages, whether it's personalized nutrition, whether it's animal nutrition, and we will continue to do so. So those are the three allocations of capital, if you will, and the three strategic thrusts from a growth perspective, and we haven't deviated from that. We opportunistically do one or the other depending (00:34:25) achieving the best returns. But strategically that continues to be the focus.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you very much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hi, David.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Ray, could you just go back over the tax reform benefits. I think you gave a range of 20% to 23% and the 2017 tax rate was 24%. So it sounds like at the top end it's only 100 basis point benefit, but give us some understanding as to how big a benefit the tax reform was? And then I'm sure the range has something to do with the geographic mix, but I'd just like to hear your thoughts on tax.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. For 2017, David, the rate was 24%, but it was 28% if you exclude some of the discrete items. So, we did have some favorable tax items in 2018. Normally, these discrete items could be plus or minus. Last year 2016, it was a minus. This year, it's a plus. How I would like to think about it is like 28% is kind of like our normalized rate. So, therefore, with U.S. tax reform, we'll go from a 28% type of rate to a 21% to 23% rate. That's how I kind of think about it, David. So, in the context  I mean, just to give you context, so for 2017, if you take the midpoint of the range, say, 20% to 23%, which is 21.5%, relative to 28% on our $1.6 billion of pre-tax profit, it's about $100 million of benefit if you were to apply that into our 2017 results.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then because of these tax benefits, was there any change to kind of your investment strategy? Did you reinvest some of this money that you otherwise wouldn't have?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: The way to think about it, David, is the additional cash flows, in my example, the $100 million benefit in 2017 if we had tax reform, I would view it in the context of our capital allocation framework. So, therefore, our offering cash flows will actually go up by $100 million. And then we will actually invest that cash into context of our allocation framework, which is, as you know, the three pillars, being there's capital investments, there's return of capital to shareholders, and there's M&A. So, that's how I would be thinking about it. There's nothing specifically targeted towards the $100 million, but it goes into the context of our allocation framework in terms of how we're going to maximize shareholder value.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Juan, just one question for you and I'll pass it along here, but on Ag Services, this business has been kind of all over the map in terms of quarterly profitability. This quarter looks like a nice quarter. Can you talk about the investment strategy in Agricultural Services? Can you distinguish between CapEx versus acquisitions within the segment, and then just how high on the priority list is any kind of investments or building up scales in Ag Services? How high on the priority list is this versus all your other priorities?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, David. So, Ag Services is a very important part of our business. The reason we said before that we were going  and I think we said it in the last quarter earnings, that we were going to deemphasize maybe the capital into that area is because, as we look at the world going forward, the increase in production will come mostly from yield. So for more intensity, more precision agriculture, but about the same area. So we didn't feel that from an Ag Services perspective to keep our share of origination, we needed actually to go geographically to add to our footprint. So we continue to add to make more efficient that chain, to make that seamless integration between the grain business and the processing businesses. And in places where we feel underrepresented or we need some asset, we've been putting the asset. So, the investments in El Trnsito in Argentina we made last in the port, the investment in the Porto de Santos, the investment in the port of  the northern part of Brazil. So, think we've been doing that. We continue to improve our barge line in the Danube River. So, I think it's just a matter of where do we see the need. And at this point in time, we felt the need to build capabilities what's higher in the right side of the value chain versus in the left side, given what we see going forward.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay. You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. Thank you. Juan, I wanted to focus specifically on your comments three months ago about pulling back on capital spending in Oilseeds. Can you just remind us what that was in reaction to? Was it in reaction to your view of global supply and demand balance being out of balance? And what is your view now, as it is  do you think it's a more attractive balance today than it was three months ago? And then secondly, how much leverage would you be willing to take on to do the right type of acquisition? You've, obviously, become more M&A focused. Most of us thought that single A rating was kind of sacrosanct at ADM, and I wanted to know your thoughts on that. Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Good morning, Rob. So, let's take the question in two parts. So, the first one is a little bit of continuation of the question from David in terms of our allocation of capital through the value chain. What we felt, as we look at our business, is, as I was saying before, that the left side, if you will, has been more developed over time in ADM. That's why we went geographically everywhere with Ag Services and Oilseeds. Actually, was Oilseeds first and then we back integrated into grain. So, naturally, Ag Services and Oilseeds has been earlier into Europe, earlier into South America and with Wilmar earlier into Asia. So, what we were planning to do with the value chain is actually beef up the right side of, if you will, Corn and WFSI, just because of our lack of volume or our lack of critical mass in different geographies. We are not in Corn in South America, we were not in Corn in Europe, and then we needed to build the value chain to make ingredients with our complete footprint. So, that was a little bit the discussion about we didn't need that much on the left side versus the right side. In terms of our expectation for Oilseeds is, we are running today basically as hard as we can, and we are maximizing every shift that we can to soy in our footprint as long as it makes sense. So we are very bullish about that market in particular. The issue is the business has many opportunities to apply operational excellence and continue to extract more from those plants. And before building new investments, we'd rather debottleneck and make  and continue to build those plants into very integrated facilities. Our facilities are very well-integrated with refineries, with switch capacity. And I think the end game here is, can you grow having your assets more efficient more than just having diverse assets, isolated assets out there? So, we will continue to build that footprint, but that footprint, as you build in existing footprint, makes capital investments more efficient, if you will, than in other places where we need to build a new capacity. So, in terms of the availability of capital, it's naturally shifted to the right not because of any lack of demand on the left side. It's more like what we're trying to build and the footprints we started from. So, strategically, not much have changed in that sense. Maybe on the other one, I'll let Ray  it was about...
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. So, Rob, on the question, we view our balance sheet at ADM as being a competitive strength, and that's the reason why we have maintained a very strong balance sheet. Over time, you've seen us increase our leverage. And as I indicated in the call, we're around 27% net debt to total capital ratio in terms of leverage position, which I view is actually a very comfortable position for our company where we are right now. It is important to maintain a strong balance sheet in order to weather volatility in the markets. We saw what happened in the equity markets yesterday. I mean, these things can happen in the ag commodity markets as well. We've seen in the past whereby commodity price spikes could cause $4 billion to $5 billion increases in working capital. So, therefore, it is important for us to maintain a solid balance sheet with a solid investment grade credit rating. You asked the question, will we ever divert from our A rating, from my perspective, you never can say never, but from my perspective we've got so many avenues in order to raise capital for our company, whether it'd be through some of the monetizations that we've done. We've done partnerships with people. We buy equity. So, therefore, from my perspective, maintaining a solid investment grade credit rating, a solid balance sheet is paramount for us to allow for flexibility in terms of handling working capital spikes, as well as maintaining flexibility in terms of managing our portfolio.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: So, Ray, is that what's factored into your decision to stop the share repurchase at $750 million this year and not extend further, because you thought that the balance sheet was where you want it to be?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. As I kind of look at the metrics in terms of debt to total capital, as well as debt to EBITDA, we felt that those ratios were approaching levels whereby we felt comfortable. And frankly, I do feel comfortable where we are right now. Now, going forward, as I indicated, in 2018 our plans for share repurchases is reduced more or less to offset dilution. But again, this is all in the context of like what kind of additional cash flows we can generate if we have additional monetizations that we were going to do. That could open up more flexibility to do additional share repurchases as well. So, therefore, again, everything's in the context for capital allocation framework that we announced back in 2014.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Maybe this question is for Ray on the back of the lower tax rate. Can you talk about what that does to your weighted average cost of capital for 2018 or long term? And your cost of debt's probably gone up, how should we think about that? And then given that you have a lower normalized tax rate going forward, should we anticipate that your hurdle rate for 200 basis points above the cost of capital is now obsolete and it should be 300 basis points or something different? Could you just talk about that?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Sure. In terms of our annual WACC for 2018, we did go through the analysis in terms of adjusting for tax rates, interest rates, risk premiums, as well as beta. So, we actually went through the full in the month of January. And where we ended up after going through all those numbers is that, we'll be increasing it in 2018 to 6.25% factoring all those various components. With respect to our hurdle rates, as you know, we set our hurdle rates very, very high, well above cost of capital. And in addition, as you know, our long-term return objectives remain at 10%. So when we went through the analysis, even on our long-term WACC factoring in all the updated analyses, our long-term WACC number of 7% is still consistent with what it should be based upon the calculations. But we agree that the short-term WACC or the annual WACC number, based on the revisions of interest rates and tax rates, is going to move up to 6.25%.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And your target then for your own returns for 2018 have gone up correspondingly? Is that the way we should think about it?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I mean, as you know, Ann, we always want to strive to get returns well above our annual WACC, so that will be our objective here.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the color. And then more strategically, we've heard a lot about Section 199A and the law of unforeseen consequences as a result of the tax bill. There is a lot of talk out there that it will get revised. How would it impact your business, both Ag Services and perhaps the ethanol business, if it does not get revised, and what are you guys hearing? What's happening around that?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you, Ann. So, it is clear that it wasn't the intent of the revised 199A provision to make this change in the industry, if you will. And so our team has been engaging in Washington on that, and we have received assurances from senior members of both the Senate and the House that they recognize that Section 199A has significant unintended consequence, and it will be fixed legislatively certainly in the near future. So, I would say at this point in time, very minor impact we have felt commercially. And when you heard yesterday Chairman Brady making expressions about this will be technically revised, I think that have a calming effect on markets, and whether it's coming now or coming in the next month, it's coming in the near future. So, as I said, we have received assurances of that, and we believe that will happen.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And if it drags on, Juan, is there a point in time  as we go into spring or summer, is there a point to time where you'll be incrementally negatively impacted potentially?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: If we didn't act, it will. But, of course, the team has been looking at options and we are working on  in parallel on potential options to offset that. We don't want to go there. We think that technically it will be revised, and that's our main thrust. But, of course, we're not going to sit idle and see ourselves losing share.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there and get back in line. Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Ann. Yeah. Operator>: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Your line is open.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hi, Jones Heather.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Heather.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Hi. I wanted to talk about Oilseeds. So you're bullish and talked about running your plants as hard as you can. The cash margins that we're looking at in U.S. are showing very significant year-on-year improvement. But I was wondering, the wheat protein content that I've been reading about and beans and all, is that impacting your operating cost or anything. Trying to figure out how to analyze those margins in light of the lower protein content.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. No, at this point in time, we continue to see the improving margins. Actually, at this point through all our operations, I would say, whether it's Paraguay when the lower crush in Argentina, whether it's European soy crush, Brazil, North America, so I think that in general, we have seen this wave of improvement. I think that part of the issue is wheat is  their relationship with corn make them less competitive, if you will, to be in the Russians (00:50:52) at this point in time, does not (00:50:54) help soybean mill. So I would say, at this point in time, we continue to see opportunities. I'm very bullish about that business as it develops. We have noticed in some parts of the business a little bit of lower protein, but we don't see a big impact at this point in time that's making change our forecast.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: And so I'm curious as to why you all think Oilseeds will be down in Q1. I mean, there is a difficult comp in the Asia piece, Wilmar. But you definitely sound far more constructive than you did on the Q4 call last year and honestly, more constructive than you had in a while. So do you just not expect enough improvement in those other businesses to offset that year-on-year comp for Wilmar?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: A couple of things. You know as our margins expand, sometimes we take negative mark-to-markets, which will have to be reflected probably in Q1. And also, we still have the uncertainty of the biodiesel tax credit, which is difficult to know. Obviously, last year we had it. So far this year we don't have it. So, as we think about that, and as you point the third factor, which is last year Wilmar has an unusual tax impact that they normally won't get this year, so even if their results were good, we will still be trailing last year. So, those are the reasons for my comment of being low versus  or being under last year results.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. You said the blenders' tax credit. You guys recognized the benefit from that in Q1 of 2017, because I don't think it was it was in place...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No, there obviously was not. (00:52:36)
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No, there was no benefit there. And all we're saying is that we're not counting...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: We're not counting it.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: We're not counting it in 2018 first quarter, although there are strong indications that that may get approved sometime in the first quarter. But we're not actually forecasting it in our plans right now.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, a lot of grounds has been covered. I guess, I wanted to think about the things that you can control in 2018. Juan, I think, you alluded to $100 million of  I think you called them leakages from 2017 results. Maybe just a little bit color of the areas. I'm guessing it's lysine, maybe WFSI, areas that were a bit more underperforming versus your initial plans in 2017, as well as the cost savings, just the businesses where you actually expect to see those come through. And then I have a follow-up.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. So, some of the leakages  and I may get the buckets right 90% of the time, but I would say one important one is what we mentioned in Ag Services, the Global Trade operations. I think the team has done a tremendous job of closing offices that actually did not perform well historically and we have some of that. We have restructured and combined offices in places where there was an opportunity. So there is a lot of cost they are taking out of there and there are improved operations. We have shut down Bolivia and sold Bolivia. We have restructured Peoria in terms of taking 100 million gallons of fuel ethanol out of there. You pointed out, there were a couple of issues in some small acquisitions in WFSI, in the case of SCI, is a very much on trend type of product, all the ancient grains and seeds. They have a very soft first half of last year from a demand perspective, and also we have some operations problems. We restructured that. We split those operations, and they are very, very  much better managed these days. And we have seen demand of that coming back up in the second half, so we  to the point the demand was flat year-over-year, because second half was strong. So, I would say, if you take those combinations, there were leakages in every business, if you will. And we have a portfolio of products that we look at, and we assign an improvement forecast for the following year with actions on that. So it's a very disciplined approach. And this is one of our pillars of that improvement. That package of improvement year-over-year is about $100 million, and we feel comfortable that we have enough actions there to deliver on those.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then the cost savings, kind of  I think it was  kind of where we should see those flow through the results and by business?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I think that in the cost savings, we have this program. We've been running it for  I don't know  five years, six years, something like that. I think that cumulated savings have been about $1 billion already. So this year, we look at that again. It's about $200 million run-rate savings. I would say, normally, Corn leads these, because it has the largest plants. But I would say last year was a strong contribution from also the other three businesses, Ag Services, Oilseeds, and WFSI. I think you're going to see a continuation of Corn and a pickup in Oilseeds in terms of contribution to that. So, that will be the $200 million this year. Lysine, in all that, you mentioned it before, and I would like to give kudos to the team. They make a significant improvement this year in terms of yields, and that we are about halfway those improvements. So part of that will also come in 2018.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Adam, how I would be thinking about this on a year-over-year basis, the $200 million that Juan talks about is a run-rate savings at the end of the year related to our readiness initiatives. We also have some of the benefits from 2017 that will flow into 2018. And actually some of these savings we actually reinvest back into our business, as well as there's going to be offsetting inflation. So, how I would be thinking about the cost savings, Adam, is year-over-year from 2017 to 2018 the net pickup in terms of cost savings will be about $100 million. That's how I would be thinking about from a modeling perspective.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's some helpful color. And then just a question on the Sweeteners side. I think you had some constructive comments on the international components, the expansions that you've done in Europe and some of the acquisitions. I didn't hear a lot about the North America business. Maybe just any thoughts on how the liquid sweetener contracting for 2018 has taken place and kind of the competitive changes in the market with the new sugar agreement that's kind of rolling in through the balance of 2018 in the U.S. and Mexico?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. So, Sweeteners and Starches continued to do well in North America. If we look at the combined demand, if I look at the combined demand for wet milling products in North America, combined domestic and export, was up modestly in 2017 versus 2016. So we still see our capacity being pressured there. Total demand actually for liquid sweeteners in North America was also up slightly year-over-year. Overall, I would say, we are pleased with the mix of sweetener contracting in North America for 2018, with pricing that will protect our overall North American margins in line with 2017. So, we continue to see positive developments there.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's all. That's very helpful. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay. Thank you, Adam.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah, good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my question. First...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hi, Eric.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thanks, guys. First, maybe I missed this. This is probably a question for Ray. Did you give us what your CapEx spend is supposed to be for what you're targeting for CapEx spend 2018?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, it's $800 million. We talked about that in the last quarter as well. And as we finalize the plan, we believe the $800 million level would be the right level of CapEx for 2018.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then when you kind of look at  we haven't had an ethanol question, but Juan did allude to the fact that they're encouraged with a strong demand function. I think we entered the 2017 with about $1.3 billion of exports. Give us an idea of what you might think that number could be for 2018.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, Eric, we estimate exports last year probably ended a little bit higher maybe than $1.3 billion. Our team would probably put it at $1.4 billion. We saw a pickup late in the year into exports to China or Brazil. And we see that drive in 2018 to probably a number between $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion. Brazil, China coming back to big exporters into big importers from U.S. and continue with some of the traditional destinations, Canada, India, Gulf States. So, we see strong demand in Brazil and we see China driving into their 10% and not having enough capacity to supply that. So we will have China and Brazil for the next two or three years being big importers from North America ethanol.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then just kind of a final kind of 30,000-foot overall question with kind of the Ag Services division. Obviously, we still have a lot of global supply. Looks like we're still going to  that's going to be one should be conservative when you look out for the next year as well on that. But it's also interesting that we're seeing some corn production coming out of the Ukraine. It looks like China is down a little bit. It's looks like Brazil could  it looks like we're not  it's not really visible, but we might be on a path of road to maybe getting some lower carry overs in the Corn area. Is there any semblance that that could be an improvement for your overall Ag Services for next year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, Eric, I think if we go around the world, and you mentioned some of them in your comments, we already know enough probably to conclude that 2018 weather will be less favorable to crops than it has been  that weather has been over the last four years. So, whether it's Argentine dryness or whether it's the South Plains here or whether it's a little bit of Russia or Australia commentary or whether it's South Africa having a drought and impacting corn, we see things tightening up a little bit at the time when demand continues to be very strong. So, that could bode well for Ag Services business, yes.
Eric J. Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah, I think that is something to watch closely. Okay. Thank you, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Juan, you've talked about harvest investments in your Chairman's perspective. Could you share with us what your key investments are, and kind of what harvests or benefits we expect in 2018 from those investments?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Well, there are many. I can go through the different businesses. So, we're going to have the full year of some of the acquisitions that we made, whether it's Chamtor or Crosswind, in pet treats or industry centers in the destination marketing. We're going to have Campo Grande, the largest specialty protein complex that there is that we started in South America. Those are six plants into one complex, and that took us the last 18 months to bring into production and we're going to have a full year of that in 2018. We will have the benefit of Tianjin. We're going to have the Fibersol plant having a full year of operation. We have expanded our color plant in Berlin. We are expanding some of our Eaststarch facilities in Eastern Europe. So, there has been many (01:03:58) around our business. And that's why I always remark that I'm very proud how we manage cash flow and we manage earnings on these two years of soft commodity markets, if you will, while we were heavily investing. We thought that  I explained to all of you before that some of the valuations in the market did not justify have to go into big hunting for M&A, and we decided to go organic growth. We took a hit in the P&L over the last two years in that, and we believe that all that is coming on stream. Of course, you don't make money day one the moment you turn on a plant. So our forecast will be more back-end loaded as these plants ramp-up and they start to be completely sold out, but we believe that all that will contribute in 2018. And that's why our forecast, going back to the original question from Ken, is our forecast go from a relatively more flattish Q1 to a higher expectation for calendar year 2018 as a whole versus 2017 is because of this ramp-up of some of these investments.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And just some more detail on ethanol. So you in the fourth quarter were short ethanol. And now kind of going forward, could you talk about some of your color on hedges and your outlook and kind of how that market will develop, and any color on how you think profitability for the year will flow for ethanol and what you think about the divestiture of those ethanol dry mills?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay. So let me see if I can cover (01:05:45) all that. The team did very well in Q4 managing the end of the year. And as we look at what happened now, so margins were not very good going into this quarter. And, of course, as always happen during this time of the year, plants in the industry don't run that well in the winter. They run at a slower capacity. And this shows when the industry have some discipline, if you will, in productions, margins start to climb up, driven mostly by exports, steel, gasoline domestic demand is not something to write home about, but exports continue to be good. So, in that sense, we expect a little bit of better margins now. Then we're going to have the normal development every year, which is refineries and everybody goes into maintenance in preparation for the dry wind season and, hopefully, we're going to have a good dry wind season, and we're going to see margins come up into the summer. Then we're going to produce too much in the summer, like we do every year, and maybe margins temper towards the end of the year. In terms of our progress into the ethanol dry mills, we made the restructuring into Peoria, and I would say we will continue to look at opportunities. We are engaged with people, but we're not going to make any decision that is bad for our shareholders. We don't have a rush to do anything here. We make cash flows. So, strategically, we're not going to build one building the next dry mill. And at the right time, at the right  in the right conditions, we are planning to divest or joint venture those dry mills. At this point in time, nothing to update you on.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Farha.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of our earnings call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing comments.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Jack, and thank you all for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we'll be participating. As always, please feel free to follow-up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Today's conference call has been completed. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - Archer Daniels Midland Company Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.
Analysts: David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Heather Jones - Vertical Group Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer - Archer Daniels Midland Company: Thank you, Jack. Good morning and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following this presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC, concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. And you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then, Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update, and discuss our forward look, and finally, they will take your questions. Please, turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.45. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $541 million, down 17% from the year-ago period. Although, we created value in a difficult environment this quarter, our results were below our expectations. The operating environment in the third quarter was more challenging than we had anticipated even three months ago. Ag Services was impacted more than expected by the lack of competitiveness of U.S. corn and soybeans in global markets. And in Oilseeds, global crush margins were even more compressed than our outlook last quarter and we continued to experience tight origination margins in South America. Through the quarter, we took several actions to be even more competitive in the future, including restructuring our global workforce, reconfiguring the Peoria ethanol complex, working to complete several operational start-ups, driving additional asset monetizations and further reducing costs through our Project Readiness initiative. Some of these actions had only begun to take hold in the third quarter. As we move through the fourth quarter, we are starting to transition from the period of costs and investments in acquisitions, new innovation centers and new facilities to a period of lower capital spending and increasing benefits from these investments. Looking at the external environment, we're starting to see the possible green shoots of recovery in certain areas of our business. However, we are not counting on a significant change in conditions for 2018. We are continuing to drive operational efficiencies and asset monetizations that are lowering our cost of doing business and increasing our cash flow. In fact, we are taking additional actions, adjusting capital allocation among our businesses and then overall reduce capital spending level in 2018, which I will talk about in more detail later in the call. Now I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hey. Thanks, Juan. Good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.45, down from the $0.59 in the prior-year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $541 million, down $109 million from the year-ago quarter. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 13%, compared to our forecasted annual tax rate of approximately 28%, due primarily to the effect of certain favorable discrete items, including return to provision and a favorable outcome of a tax position related to an acquisition, partially offset by changes in the forecasted geographic mix of pre-tax earnings and shift to higher tax jurisdictions. Our trailing four-quarter-average ROIC of 6.4% is 60 basis points higher than the same period last year and 40 basis points above our 2017 annual WACC of 6.0%, thus generating positive EVA of $98 million on a four-quarter-trailing-average basis. On chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.34 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.45 per share. For this quarter, we had $0.12 per share charge related to asset impairments and restructuring activities, and a $0.02 per share net gain on the sales of assets and businesses, and a $0.01 per share loss on debt extinguishment. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the corporate items affecting our quarterly results. In the corporate line, net interest expense was relatively flat at $72 million versus last year. Looking ahead, we're continuing to project net interest expense of approximately $320 million for the full-year 2017, consistent with what we indicated at the beginning of the year. Unallocated corporate costs of $109 million were up slightly versus the prior year and below our $140 million per quarter guidance for fiscal year 2017 on lower spending for special projects and reduced employment and benefit costs. Minority interest and other charges increased by $9 million. Turning to our cash flow statement for the first six months  first nine months on slide 6, we generated $1.6 billion from operations before working capital changes, similar to the prior year. We had favorable changes in the working capital of a bit over $500 million. Total capital spending was about $700 million. Our current expectation for fiscal year 2017 is capital spending of approximately $1 billion. Acquisitions to-date of $187 million were primarily related to Crosswind Industries, a pet treat manufacturer; and Chamtor, a French producer of wheat-based sweeteners and starches. We spent almost $700 million to repurchase shares, and including dividends, we returned $1.2 billion of capital to shareholders in the first nine months. Our average share count for the quarter was 569 million diluted shares outstanding, down 20 million from the same period one year ago. At the end of the quarter, we had 566 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of September 30. Our balance sheet remains solid. Our operating working capital of $7.2 billion was down slightly from a year-ago period. Total debt was about $7.3 billion, resulting in a net debt balance, that is debt less cash, of $6.6 billion. Our leverage position remains comfortable with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 27%. Our shareholders' equity of $17.6 billion was similar to the level last year. We had $4.8 billion available global credit capacity at the end of June. If you add available cash, we'd access to $5.6 billion of short-term liquidity. Next, Juan, will take us through a review of business performance. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thanks, Ray. Please turn to slide 8. In the third quarter, we earned $541 million of operating profit, excluding specified items, down from $650 million in last year third quarter. Third quarter adjusted segment operating profit was down 17% versus the year-ago quarter. Now, I'll review the performance of each segment. Starting on slide 9, Ag Services results were down compared with the strong prior-year period. In Merchandising and Handling, North America Grain results were negatively impacted by the lack of competitiveness of U.S. corn and soybeans in global markets. This led to a significant reduction in margins and a decreasing export volumes. Global Trade generated positive earnings as our improvement actions are taking hold. While results declined from the third quarter of 2016, Global Trade benefited from international origination margins and the expansion of destination marketing businesses, offset by some losses incurred due to a lack of correlation on certain hedge positions. Transportation results decreased from the prior-year period due to a slower start of harvest in North America, which led to lower barge freight volumes and margins. Milling and Other earnings were down due to lower volumes, though the business was still a strong contributor and maintained steady product margins. Please, turn to slide 10. The Corn Processing team delivered another strong quarter, with results up from the year-ago period. Sweeteners and Starches had a solid performance with strong margins bolstering the North America business and our international operations continuing to provide solid contributions to overall results. Bioproducts results were substantially higher than the year-ago quarter with ethanol benefiting from higher margins. Animal Nutrition was up over the previous year with Specialty Feed Ingredients benefiting from an improving cost position despite lower amino acid prices. Slide 11, please. Oilseeds Processing results were lower for the quarter in an extremely challenged operating environment. Crushing and Origination results were down. Globally, crush margins remained compressed with ample meal supplies. In North America, results were impacted by weak canola margins, partially due to higher seed costs. Our European processing business was down amid competition from significantly increased flow of mill imports from Argentina. In South America, originations remained tight due to continued low commodity prices that reduced the pace of farmer commercialization, forcing higher basis costs. Refining, Packaging, Biodiesel and Other results were lower for the quarter. Biodiesel was substantially lower than the year-ago quarter, primarily due to mark-to-market timing losses in the current quarter and weaker margins. Asia was up over the third quarter of 2016 on Wilmar results that were lower than anticipated, but still substantially higher than last year's quarter. On slide 12, WFSI was down over the prior-year period. The WILD Flavors team delivered double-digit operating profit growth, driven by strong sales in Asia and the EMEA region. I have been very encouraged with the expansion of our customer base and channels and our focus on global accounts and targeted segments. On a year-to-date basis, our WILD Flavors sales revenues are up more than 5% on a constant currency basis. While sales revenues for Specialty Ingredients was slightly up for the quarter, overall, operating profit results were down. We continue to work through the start-up of our Campo Grande and Tianjin facilities, which had a negative impact to our third quarter results. It's important to remember that Campo Grande is not really one facility. It's a complex of several different production lines, all of which are interconnected. Five of the six lines are now operational and we expect the sixth to be online before the end of the year. In Tianjin, we are continuing to work through production bottleneck issues at our specialty fiber facility. Setting aside the start-up issues, the Specialty Ingredients business is having a good year growing, with sales revenue up for specialty proteins, edible beans, emulsifiers, natural health and nutrition, and fibers. Please, turn to slide 13 for an update on some of our actions this quarter. We are continuing to execute in our three primary areas of focus. We have exceeded $300 million of monetizations in 2017, and thus achieved the two-year $1 billion monetization target that we announced in 2016. In Project Readiness, we continue to make significant investments to roll out lean manufacturing processes across our facilities and standardize our business systems. We have generated operational cost savings of almost $200 million on a run rate basis and are on pace to exceed our 2017 target of $225 million. And our 1ADM business-transformation initiative went live in the second processing business, and we are in the testing and implementation phases of our first European launch set for the first half of next year. In Germany, we're expanding our capabilities to meet regional demand for non-GMO soybean products. And we're upgrading our Midwest milling operations. This highlights several of the actions we took in the quarter. We'll continue to update you on our progress as usual. So, before we take your questions, I would like maybe to spend some time offering additional perspectives on the balance of the year and 2018. In Ag Services, we expect solid North American soybean exports and improved results in Global Trade, partially offset by continuing challenges to North American corn exports due to the competitiveness of the South American corn crop in export markets. Generally, we think Ag Services Q4 performance should be similar to the prior-year period. In corn, we are seeing weaker ethanol margins, which should be partially offset by stronger results from Sweeteners and Starches and Animal Nutrition. That will likely lead to a fourth quarter that will be lower than Q4 2016. I would also add that in Sweeteners and Starches, we are pleased with a good start of 2018 contracting. In Oilseeds, global market conditions will continue to impact Crushing and Origination, including South American origination, although seasonally, our North American crush operations should experience higher volumes than in the third quarter. Our value-added Oilseeds business should deliver a solid performance. Taken altogether, we think Oilseeds is likely to deliver a similar fourth quarter to the year-ago period, excluding any benefits that we may experience if the biodiesel tax credit is approved retroactively for this year. In WFSI, we expect WILD Flavors to continue its growth momentum in the fourth quarter and the Specialty Ingredients business should see improving results and increased contributions from our new facilities, although, we think WFSI is likely to be higher in the fourth quarter than the year-ago period. So, looking into 2018 and beyond, we see several important factors that will positively impact value creation and growth. In terms of market conditions, while we expect some of the conditions that have impacted recent results could persist into next year, we are beginning to see green shoots of indications that point to some improvement in the margin structures of our Origination and Oilseeds Crushing businesses. For example, global stocks of soybeans and corn are expected to start coming down after a period of build-up amid an environment of strong global demand growth. And the impact of competing feed proteins to soybean meal appears to be lessening. More importantly than external conditions, however, we believe that 2018 will be the year that we start to benefit from the full impact of recent investments and many of the aggressive actions we have taken in recent years. Let's take them one at a time. First, as I already mentioned, we will begin harvesting the fruits of the investments we have made over the past years. We will see increased contributions from facility start-ups, particularly Campo Grande, throughout 2018, but also improvement in earnings from the Tianjin China complex and various investments across all four of our business segments, and we're not anticipating any significant start-ups or acquisition integrations that would drag down earnings in 2018 unlike what we saw in 2016 and 2017. Second, we'll be completing the implementation of the cost and efficiency actions that we announced last quarter, and they will deliver increased benefits next year. Third, we expect to see continued growth in contributions from the longer-term transformation and investments we have made since 2014 as our portfolio management actions and our operational excellence achievements all deliver increased benefits. All of these combined with strong demand provide us with a positive outlook for 2018 and beyond. Although, we mentioned some green shoots in Ag Services and Oilseeds, we are not counting on significant changes in operating conditions. And therefore, we are taking further actions. We will reduce our overall capital spending level to approximately $800 million in 2018 from the recent historic levels of closer to $1 billion as part of harvesting the benefits of recent investments. And more importantly, we are reallocating capital spending away from the Origination and Oilseeds Crushing businesses, where generally there is adequate capacity, toward the value-added businesses in support of the growth portion of our strategic plan. All told, we expect a period of stronger cash flows and returns, lower CapEx needs, and an environment of strong growth demand, all of which will benefit our shareholders and place ADM on a future path of growth. With that, operator, please, open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hey. Good morning, David.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Can you give us just a little bit of quantification for the onetime cost associated with the recent investments, things like start-up costs that have and will occur in 2017, but won't reoccur in 2018? And related to that, can you also just talk a little bit more with quantification about the operating profits that you expect that these investments could generate next year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, David, thank you for the question. So, we've been talking about Campo Grande and Tianjin, and it's just not only that, it's also we've been building the capabilities in this business. It's a business that its value proposition is resonating very strongly with customers. We are having a lot of success in generating new projects in terms of systems and solutions for our customers as they seek higher growth rates. So, this facility, Campo Grande, for example, in Brazil, will be the best specialty proteins facility in the world. It's six facilities integrated very, very sophisticated complex and I'm very pleased to say that we are in the fifth stage out of six. So, we have only one more to bring to operations in the last quarter. But, we also built three customer innovation centers with rapid prototyping capabilities. We have one in New Jersey here in the U.S. We have one in Australia. We have another opening up now in November in Singapore, and we're going to have another one in South America. So, when you put all these things, David, together probably for 2017 so far, it has impacted operating profit that's about $30 million. So, that's a significant number for a business that is relatively new. So, we are very pleased the way WILD Flavors have been holding that with double-digit operating profit growth, and certainly growing revenue at the rate of 5%. So we expect all these facilities that during 2016 and 2017 have been the headwinds to that business to actually become a source of profit in 2018. And to be honest, it's not only the cost of those facilities and bringing there, but then you have also the cost of the facilities you use to actually fit the market for those facilities where you lose your normal profit because you take on businesses that have higher freight, if you will. And also these facilities have taken a lot of management attention as we bring the leadership ranks of these and we bring the facility to life. So again, they probably mute how excited we are about WFSI. WFSI on a customer front is hitting on all cylinders, and we'll feel very proud and very excited about that in 2018.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So just to be clear, you're saying that in 2017 these owned investments result in about a negative $30 million impact headwind to the business and much of this is onetime in nature. When we go to 2018, those start-up expenses go away and then these businesses actually  can they produce positive operating profits on their own outside of the start-up expenses? That we would take that negative $30 million, reverse it, and then add to it some reasonably  or in relation to that $30 million, a positive impact from those  from all those investments? Is that the right way to think about the 2018 impact?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: David, that is correct. That is correct. Normally, it takes us with  we decided on a bolt-on and organic growth strategy, because we thought M&A, in this space, was too expensive right now. So we think it's more value creating. I think the issue that this is more value-creating long-term, but it's probably more painful short-term, because every time you build a plant, you have 18 months of, basically, build and cost. And then the forward six months or nine months after start-up, you're not making your full range of profits from this product. So again with different contributions, your assessment is correct. We're going to see the reversal of those costs that will not happen there. And we're going to start seeing positive contribution from those investments through 2018.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you, guys. I'll pass it along.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ann.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just to start on just some clarification. You noted that you expect corn performance to be lower in 4Q than year ago, but I don't think you told us why specifically the volume?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Ann, I think it's about ethanol. If you look at, for example, the same quarter last year, so, Q4 last year was a strong ethanol margin environment, probably in the range of maybe $0.20 or something like that. We're looking more now in the single-digit type of margins going into Q4. So that's the biggest delta. It will be offset partially, Ann, by a stronger performance in Sweeteners and Starch and a better Animal Nutrition results, as we have improved our cost position there. But all in all, we'll not be able to offset the strong ethanol performance of same quarter last year. That's what we're saying.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, and I appreciate the color. And then on the reallocation of CapEx away from Ag Services and into the growth-year businesses or the value-added businesses.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Juan, is there some acknowledgement that Ag Services is facing some structural headwinds, just given the global glut of all three soft commodities?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, I think we have a knowledge that there is a part of Ag Services that is suffering, as you describe, some structural issues. I would say, when we said the reallocation of capital, a couple of things at that. First of all, we do believe that the growth of production over the coming years will come from more yields and less geographic expansion. So as such, we don't foresee to have to build elevators or ports in other areas. We have built, as you know, a transit (28:55) in Argentina, and we are investing in Santos and Barcarena in Brazil. So we feel that we are complete from that perspective. So destination marketing, which is our effort there, doesn't require the same amount of capital. And so, in general, we don't see that much of a need. And if you think about even export capacity in North America, there is enough export capacity if the U.S. will not have simultaneous exports of soybeans and corn, because we expect South America to be competitive in corn through the first quarter. So that's how we're thinking about it in 2018. So we feel that we need less capital going forward in that business.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. I'll get back in line in the interest of time. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Ann.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, Adam.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So I guess the first question on Oilseeds and coming back to the 2018 comments. And generally you said seeing some possible benefits of green shoots, but not counting on significant change. And I'm trying to think about  and you talked about redirecting capital away from Oilseeds. Now can you talk about the path to the business realizing a higher capacity utilization, both your own and at an industry level to improve the crush margins? Does the tension have to come from reduced Argentinean exports? Is it just you need a couple more years to grow into the meal demand? Can you help me think about the bridge to a better Oilseed environment from where we are today?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, sure. So a couple of things that we're seeing here. First is global meal demand is expected to accelerate in the near term. Obviously, our customers are very strong, and they've seen a strong profitability at this point in time. We've seen global animal protein production growth and some of them are actually  have announced increase in productions in new plants. So, we see that coming soon. The other thing that we are seeing less of that we see a lessening effect are some of these substitutes. If you think about the impact of competing proteins that we have last year or this year between DDGs and feed wheat. We see that lessening and we think that that's going to continue to help the business. Think about the demand we're seeing in China being very, very strong for protein. If you think about, so far, this year when you compare to last year, crush in China has increased 11% and soybean meal destination stocks have basically stayed flat. So it means there has been a true demand growth of 11% in China, which is very strong and we started to see also in general that price is working its way through the cycle. So, price is creating less production, if you will, in some marginal areas, but it's also increasing demand. So, it takes a while for soybean meal prices to work its way into the ration. But we always have to remember that these prices of meal  milk is always the preferred choice to feed any of these animals. This is the gold standard. So, at equal prices or lower prices certainly it's going to come back into that. So, this is just a little bit the green shoots the environment. Of course the business has made several improvements as they went through the year and they have looked at their facilities. They have optimized some things that they needed to be optimized and they continue to be very excited about the possibilities that the value add continues to bring into the business. It has been performing very well. It has been the second best year of that business. And I would say with a little bit of a reduction in the substitute milk, feeding products, we expect Oilseeds to become a bigger contributor in profit that they were in 2017.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then, just a second question, because in the last couple years you talked to this earnings construct of, call it a $2.30 or so EPS base with $1 and $1.50 of earnings improvement from things that you could mostly control.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Has the experience to-date in 2017 led you to change the view of the base or the timing of how long it could take to realize some of those earnings?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No. Let's review the four buckets for a second for everybody's sake. The first bucket was WILD Flavors at $0.10 per year accretion and WILD Flavors has been growing operating profit 20% every year that we own them. So, we are very happy with that. That's going in the right direction. The second bucket was operational excellence and we continue to deliver those $100 million of run rate improvements every year. So, that's on track. The fourth bucket was, and I'm going to get back to the third one in a second, but the fourth bucket was buybacks, and obviously we're generating the cash flow to do that. The third bucket is where I think I need to call your attention, and that's the one that's coming a little bit slower just because we mentioned the contribution of those assets, they were $0.10 on average, the problem that we have and I explained before when I answered David's question is in order to get those $0.10 you go through a couple of years in which you have negative impact to the P&L because you're building that plant. So, in reality, that hits you a little bit later. And we took those charges in 2016 and 2017 as we were building those projects. That's why to a certain degree now we are turning a page from that period of investments and having those costs that we never adjusted out because they are normal of cost of operations. And now in 2018, we're not going to have all those, so we were integrating small acquisitions and we were building plant. Now, you're going to see that third bucket hitting our P&L on a positive perspective from 2018 or from Q4 onwards versus what it was a negative impact, if you will, during 2016 and 2017 as we were investing. And this was a conscious decision, as I said before, because we thought that we have an opportunity there to grow. We needed to build the capabilities that, as I said, are resonating with the customers. But we thought it was more value-creating to do it organically than given the current multiples and to do it through an acquisition in the ingredient space, so.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. That's helpful. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I guess, when I think about the Oilseeds business. You talked about the improvement or kind of holding it out next year, but can you talk about the new capacity that's coming online over the next, call it, 12 months from AGT, Perdue, all that stuff, and how does that play out? Because it seems to me that the disconnect between the forward and the cash maybe implied by that. And how are you thinking about the recovery there with the new capacity coming online?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Ken, it's Ray here. I mean, clearly, there is capacity coming online, but that's also a little bit of recognition that there is global protein growth around the world. I mean, you look at the trends, like 4% to 5% growth in terms of meal demand and protein demand. From our perspective, I mean, some of the recent  the quarter's results, they've been impacted by other factors. I mean, clearly, when we take a look at our results in Q3, for Oilseeds, we've seen that as an example, a lot of pressure in terms of the South American crop, impacting particularly the European operations. A lot of meal actually from Argentina went over to Europe and actually caused us to have one of our lowest quarters from a crush perspective over in Europe. We actually think that, over time, will equalize itself. We actually think production levels will adjust in order to take that into account. We've also seen, for example, on the Oilseeds results, part of it is just due to the simply South American origination. We actually entered the third quarter be more optimistic, regarding farmer commercialization. In fact, at the time of the last earnings call, we're actually seeing some good movements in terms of the crops. But what happened was the currency actually moved the other way as we moved through August, and then the farmers actually just really slowed down commercialization. And that really resulted in our South America results being a lot lower than what we had thought. We also  in the case of Wilmar, I mean, they had a good quarter, but it's clearly below our own internal expectations, and it was about a $35 million impact versus our own internal expectations. So I think, Ken, when we look at the quarter, I think that there's certain factors that clearly impacted us. It doesn't really change our longer-term perspective on oilseeds, which is really demand continues to be robust for protein. We're seeing China continue to be very, very strong in terms of demand side. We do believe that while there are some capacity additions, we actually think that's going to be limited in some respects as the market really adjust to the crush margin levels. And I think we actually get to a level whereby there's going to be a better balance and we're going to see industry margins actually recover in the crush business.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. That's interesting. The second part of the question I have is when I think about China and the ethanol and where they're going to be in 2020, can you talk about the impact that would have on either corn, ethanol and DDGs and how that will affect your business?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, Ken. So, today China consumption is about 2.6 million tons, right? And ethanol is accepted or used in about 11 provinces in the country. So, when they declare that they're going to try to be ethane by 2020, that means going from 2.6 million tons that they are today to about 12 million tons. The current estimate of capacity being build there is that they're going to get to 4 million tons in 2019. And then the government has declared their intention that by 2025, I think they would like to have a cellulosic ethanol. So, it seems difficult to see that if they're going to have 4 million tons of domestic capacity in 2019 and by 2025 they're going to be 100% cellulosic, that makes sense to build 8 million tons of ethanol capacity in  for a couple of years, if you will. And don't forget also, their ethanol is both corn and rice. So, I'm just assuming that everything is going to go corn. So, I think, at this point in time, if I think about China, if ethanol is important for reducing pollution, there are going to be better ways to reduce pollution than using corn because that is using a disproportionate amount of water that China doesn't have. So, if I'm a strategic guy in China, why will I use water to grow corn? I'd rather go into electric vehicles or importing corn. So, to me, it's going to be more the impact of importing corn than actually the local production of DDGs. Naturally, if there is a more consumption of or production of domestic ethanol, you're going to have some DDGs. But I don't expect the impact at this point in time given the numbers and given the dynamics, I just described to be big. I probably think that that's going to be positive for us in terms of it's going to create a bigger ethanol market that, every now and then, I think we're going to export to, like we've been doing to Brazil. And I think it's going to take some imports of corn from the U.S. As I said, when you have 22% of the world population and 6% of the water, I don't think it make a lot of sense to use that water to create fuel that you're going to burn. I think you're going to create  you're going to use that water to feed your population.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, you don't think they're going to end up using corn to make ethanol to reach the 2020...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think they're going to use it, Ken, to reduce their stocks. I think on a forward basis, to me, personally, it doesn't make a lot of sense, as I said, to use water for that. The inventory that they have, that they need to reduce, sure, I think they're going to use that. I'm not sure they're going to be building a lot of plants beyond 3 million or 4 million tons of capacity. I'm not sure I'm going to see 12 million tons of capacity in ethanol being built in China. That's what I'm saying.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): But if you have  even in the short term, wouldn't that create a lot of DDGs which would affect the soybean meal demand? I know you said that soybean meal demand is going to be very strong. Is that not a competitor of it?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I think in the short term, yes. But all I'm saying is if they get to ethane that could be impactful. But right now, it could be a couple of million tons of DDGs, so no more than that.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, perfect.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: It's not 10 million tons of DDGs. That's what I'm saying. It's manageable.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Right. I appreciate.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: With the crush  I mean with the demand that is growing 11% per year, that I think, is to me the most important factor when we think about China. If demand continues to grow, all these things are sorted out and will be absorbed, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Perfect. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Welcome
Operator: Your next question comes from line Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Mark Schweitzer - Archer Daniels Midland Company: Hello Farha, are you there.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Mark Schweitzer - Archer Daniels Midland Company: Hi.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could we just continue on the ethanol question and just talk about potential of U.S. ethanol in Mexico, how is that market developing?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I mean in Mexico as you probably have heard for  the government is actually looking towards introducing more ethanol into the market. There's about three cities that they're not looking to put it right now, but outside those three cities, they're looking actually to actually bring in additional ethanol blends up to 10% in those areas there. So, we're rather encouraged that we should see incremental growth in that area. I know there has been some talk regarding some injunctions out there, but we think that's going to get sorted out. We do believe, for example, Mexico, is one of these markets whereby vehicle sales will continue to grow. And so, basically, consumption is going to grow in Mexico, and given the pollution considerations in Mexico, we believe ethanol is actually a fairly clean fuel that will actually help them address some of their pollution issues.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: So, how much ethanol would you anticipate going into Mexico in 2019 in longer term?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think it's about a couple hundred million gallons. I mean, I think that's what we're thinking about right now.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think, Farha, I think what you're going to see that at the current prices that ethanol is trading in the U.S., I think we're going to continue to buy demand and to open up markets. I mean, we're trading, what, $0.30 below gasoline, so imagine versus all the other oxygenates. So I think that between pollution in, whether it's China, India, or Mexico, and the low price of ethanol, we're going to continue to see an export market that's going to be vibrant, because we're going to open up new destinations.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then could we just talk about Ag Services/Oilseeds. And clearly the origination patterns for grain have changed in North America and South America with farmers tending to hold on to their grain. How is ADM planning for the South American harvest differently this year versus the last harvest? And how are you thinking about changing your organization in the U.S. to accommodate kind of more sporadic farmer selling rather than this consistent selling we saw historically?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Let me take a stab at that, Farha. And so in North America, I will say, we've seen a little bit of a shift maybe in the way the farmer uses ADM, if you will, and the times of the year in which the farmer uses ADM. Farmers that have consolidated, have become a little bit larger, maybe has less of a need for  in certain parts of the country for ADM to be in, for example, a truck elevator. But we continue to be very important as you know a rail elevator, if you will, or as a processor or as an export terminal. So we see how, for example, our marketing services, the marketing offering that we are giving the farmer has become a much more complete and much more sophisticated, as it has become more difficult for the farmer to make money. The level of sophistication in how they need to make a decision has increased. And in that, our relationship has become more sophisticated, if you will. So I think that basic things like maybe drying or storage sometimes we do less of, but we do more sophisticated things. So we see, for example, the growth of our stevedoring operations, the growth of our destination market, and the growth of our farmer services. So that's an evolution that happened over time. It's not something that happened at one shot. In terms of South America and how are we dealing with that, South America has two elements. One is the pricing and that  the pricing of the crop. The second is the currency. And we are, of course, making decisions on how to handle that differently every year. And at times, we get it right, and at times maybe like this year, we don't get  we didn't get it right. So the teams are there continuing to look for that. Markets have become  farmers have become larger. So as I said also in South America, the level of the discussion and the way in which they use our Ag Services continues to evolve into more sophisticated risk management, more sophisticated commercialization contracts that we have. So and as I said, some services that we are providing are giving us benefit that maybe we didn't get in the same proportion before. Like for example in the U.S., the U.S. right now being less competitive on a global basis, we are using a lot of our storage capacity for carries. And those carries are strong and they're giving us maybe a higher percentage of profitability that maybe export margins were giving us last year, for example. So I will say it's a complex business in terms of it continues to shift and evolve. But maybe the problem that we're having with that is that some of this evolution doesn't happen as quickly as we will like in order to offset the decline. We are very pleased with  as I said before, with destination marketing, for example, it's growing 10% per year and it's exceeding probably our expectations for two or three consecutive years. But it takes time when all of a sudden, you need to offset the fact that the U.S. is not competitive in corn, which is such a big volume crop. So I think it's an evolution. I think over the couple of years, we are not worry about it. In the particular short-term, it becomes a little bit more painful like it happened in this quarter.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome, Farha.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Your line is open.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Heather.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, Heather.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: I apologize if I might ask questions that have been answered, but I was on another call earlier. But I wanted to start with ethanol. I was just wondering if the recent EPA comments regarding the RVO and with biodiesel, ethanol, et cetera, do you think those targets, those mandates are going to necessitate a much more aggressive rollout of E15 over the next two or three years? I mean, my math would suggest so, but I would love to get you all's thought on that.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Well, I just think that with the RVOs, I mean we're talking about, again, 15 billion gallons in the case of ethanol here. We're seeing the U.S. gasoline. It continues to grow, albeit at a slower rate, but it continues to grow. On the export side, looking at next year, we're probably looking for some modest growth versus, say, the 1.3 billion gallons that we're seeing this year, 2017. So we could be up to about 1.4 billion gallons. And then there's upside, in terms of some other markets that will develop, such as Mexico. And as Juan even indicated, in the case of China, they may decide to open up bringing in ethanol as opposed to growing corn using their water in order to make their own ethanol. So like over time, we do see total demand for U.S. ethanol continue to move up over the medium term compared to kind of where we are at this point in time.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: I think I wasn't clear in how I phrased my question. I'm saying the 15 billion gallon mandate in our domestic  the domestic use has fallen well short of that for a sustained period of time. And biodiesel has tended to fill that gap. But as that  as we get less imports in on the biodiesel side because the anti-dumping duties and all, it just seems like that gap is going to become more difficult for biodiesel to fill. And so, my question is do you think that's going to necessitate a more aggressive rollout of E15 here in the U.S. to meet that domestic mandate?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I mean, I think that, again, looking at domestic gasoline demand, currently about 14.4 billion gallon in terms of the ethanol blend, that's probably going to move up to 14.6 billion gallons next year. So therefore, I mean, the demand side is moving up towards the 15 billion gallon level, which would be the mandate in 2018. So, we do believe that there is growth in the domestic market. It will be approaching the 15 billion gallon. It'll necessarily need to have like some of the biodiesel in order to trying to meet that particular  those RVOs there.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Heather, I think if your question is if you see excess RIN inventories dwindle to lower levels and I think that blending of E15 and higher level blends will be required going forward if that's what you're referring to that  to the need to the...
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Yeah. That was...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Yeah.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Yeah. That's what I want. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: So, I think that's a logical conclusion and we are ready to increase those levels from our perspective.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. And then move into China, your comments on the meal demand there. So clearly, I mean if you look at their poultry production, their beef production, just livestock production in general it's not up that much, so that growth is up actually less than a percent. So, the growth has been driven by commercialization of their livestock production as well as a move into aquaculture. And so, I was just wondering if you guys have any insight on how far long we are in that transition within their livestock production, so we get a sense of how many more years we have of that kind of robust growth there.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I'm not sure that I have that level of granularity at top of my head, Heather, to answer you. So, we may get back to you later on that. When I see production in the world, and we analyze these data and macro numbers, I'm encouraged not only by the whole growth demand in China, but also the rest of the world is when you look at the next 10 years, is a very significant percentage and is actually twice the size of the China market in that sense. So, we not only see that growth in China and we promise we're going to get you the granularity of those by species in China, but also the rest of the world. Don't forget that. That is a significant number. When we look at the numbers  when you look at the macro numbers, Heather, to feed the world, we cannot forget some of these locations, when you add all up, in 10 years, we need another Brazil in terms of production in order to feed the world. Think about that. We don't need Brazil to grow. We need another Brazil. Where we're going to get another Brazil is the biggest question, to be honest, not where demand is going to be there. It's where we're going to get another Brazil. And that's what we  when you look at the demand in the rest of the world is if you think about in million tons, we're going to go in the rest of the world from about 130 million tons to about 160 million tons in the next eight years or something like that. So, that's a significant number, and I'm not even mentioning China in that number. So, we feel that the demand side is not going to be the problem. The problem is, can we adjust the supply side and can we do it in a way that we can feed the world over the next 8 to 10 years.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. Thank you for that. And my final question is sticking with Oilseeds in the U.S. Going back to Ken's question about expansion, the majority of this expansion is being done by smaller players.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: So, and that's tended to be one of the problems in Brazil and Argentina is the fragmentation and the smaller players being less rational. So, I was wondering if that is a concern of you guys for North America because it has been such a strong market. And you paint a very convincing picture of the long-term demand outstripping supply, but was wondering if you have any concerns over the next, say, two to three years of there being at least some temporary dislocation in the supply/demand balance in the North American market.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, Heather. Always, as we look at the dynamics of every market, the competitive pressures we receive, we have some pressures come in at different times. The last year, we feel the pressure of substitutes. Certainly, some of these smaller players trying to fill up their capacity will have to make their space at the beginning. We continue to have very well-integrated facilities not only integrated with feedstocks, but also integrated into refineries with swing capacities. So, we feel strongly about in the medium-term, long-term gain, we have the position to stay there. Will we have disruptions with some of these small players getting to the market? Yeah, they will be localized disruptions and we'll have to manage that. But we tend to manage that, as I said. Every year, there is something that we need to manage. So overall, I think we're going to be all right.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No worries.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes. Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hey, Eric. How are you?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I'm good, thanks. So, I just want to talk a little bit more, just get a little bit more cadence on the Ag Services business in the quarter. I noticed in your working capital that it was a significant cash contributor in the quarter, and this is typically a quarter where you start using a little cash, not obviously as significant as the fourth quarter, but there were just so many moving parts in that Ag Services business in the third quarter. We saw significant farmer selling early on in the quarter, then we had the water problems on Mississippi and Ohio, raised our cost, so we were even less competitive in export markets, we had a delayed harvest, just a whole confluence of just unusual events year-over-year. And you mentioned that your storage numbers should look pretty good, which I would absolutely agree to. Can you just kind of connect the dots for us one, Ray, as to the dynamics in that third quarter and you gave us a little bit of what the fourth quarter is going to look like, how does this all play out for 2018 for your Ag Services with a very unusual third quarter?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: So, just maybe some perspectives on the third quarter. First of all, you're right. I mean, it's actually a favorable environment for us to have ownership. And when you actually take a look at our inventory levels, they actually went up. So, we actually did have good ownership in order to take advantage of carries. Now, our total working capital did not go up because we actually managed the rest of the working capital, and some receivables and payables very, very effectively to offset the increase in terms of ownership that we had on the inventory side. The other aspects of Ag Services in the third quarter was  I mean, clearly it was below our expectation and part of it's just due to the fact that just handling volumes were actually down during the quarter versus our initial expectations. In fact, handling volumes were about down 20% versus where we thought we would be. And with lower volumes that had impact on our margins. And so, our average margins versus where we thought we would be were about 50% lower in the U.S. because a lot of it is volume-driven. The other factor is like in global trade. I mean, we had a very good quarter in global trade, but we kind of had a one-off item here in the sense that we had some hedges on some Black Sea sales on both corn and wheat. We hedged it off some North American exchanges and there was kind of like a lack of correlation between the hedge and the underlying movement. And that was about like  that was over $20 million impact for us, which is within the quarter here. So, but as we kind of look forward, we do have good ownership, there are carries in the market. We know our volumes are going to be moving up in the fourth quarter, both in terms of soybean handling and even in the case of corn, we're actually starting to see U.S. corn becoming more competitive in December now. So that's going to be a positive story for us and that's what gives us more confidence. And frankly, we also have more visibility in terms of our look, looking into the last two months of this year than we had in terms of visibility of looking into August and September at the time of our second quarter earnings call. So that's what gives us more confidence in terms of Ag Services for our fourth quarter in terms of an improvement versus kind of what we're seeing right now. I mean, looking at 2018, again it's still early into 2018, but we do believe that our strong ownership position will carry into the new year. And frankly, we're still seeing great global demand. And so that should translate into some good numbers. We're seeing stocks-to-use ratios maybe stabilizing, maybe coming down. So, that could also point towards the situation where the markets may actually start normalizing a little bit and provide us with more opportunities in order to merchandise.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Ray. I got the sense that your book has to be better as well as your carries. I mean, obviously, we can see that in the cash market. So, that's what I thought was the answer and I appreciate the clarity. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Eric.
Mark Schweitzer - Archer Daniels Midland Company: Hello.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Operator?
Operator: Okay. I apologize it seems like the backup line was playing music.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay. Thank you, Jack.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Jack. So, thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes an upcoming investor event where we'll be participating in Chicago. As always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. All participants may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.
Analysts: Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent any background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Jack. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in the SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update, and discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.57, up 39% from the prior year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $658 million. I'm extremely proud of the results our team achieved this quarter. Under some tough conditions, we were able to deliver strong growth in earnings and returns. In fact, it was our fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year higher returns on invested capital. We did this by continuing to deliver on our strategic plan and capitalizing on improving conditions in some markets. Ag Services was up for the quarter, with improved merchandising results globally. Our Corn business delivered another strong quarter earnings growth. Oilseeds results decreased on less favorable global soybean crush margins and South American origination. WFSI earnings were in line with the prior year quarter. In addition, I'm pleased to announce that we had our safest month on record in June, with an improved safety record year-to-date over last year. Our actions in the first half of the year reflect ADM's continuous efforts to create shareholder value and set the competitive standard in the industries in which we operate. We are diversifying our capabilities and geographic reach through acquisitions and organic expansions. We recently closed on our acquisition of French sweetener company Chamtor, expanded our destination marketing footprint with the acquisition of Industries Centers in Israel, and announced the construction of a new flour mill in Illinois. We're also aggressively managing cost and capital and taking additional portfolio actions. And we are ahead of pace for meeting our 2017 target of $225 million in run-rate savings. We implemented over $130 million in operational run-rate cost savings during the first half of the year while continue to invest in R&D, innovation centers, and process improvements. And in line with our balanced capital allocation framework, we returned $875 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. Because of all these actions, we expect to deliver a strong year-over-year earnings growth and returns in 2017, and we are poised to be an even stronger company in 2018. I'll provide more detail on our results later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thanks, Juan, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.57, up from the $0.41 in the prior-year quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $658 million, up $85 million from the year-ago quarter. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 28% compared to the 29% in the second quarter of the prior year. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 6.8% is 100 basis points higher than the same period last year and 80 basis points above our 2017 annual WACC of 6.0%, thus generating positive EVA of $195 million on an annualized basis. Our ROIC has continued to improve for the fourth consecutive quarter. On chart 19 of the appendix you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.48 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.57 per share. For this quarter, we had a $0.04 per share net charge related to an adjustment of the proceeds of the 2015 sale of the cocoa business partially offset by the gain on the sale of the crop risk services business. We also had $0.04 per share charge for impairments, restructurings and settlements, and a $0.01 charge related to LIFO. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the corporate items affecting our quarterly results. Net interest expense was up approximately $18 million to $81 million primarily due to higher short-term interest rates, our overall mix of short-term and long-term debt following the issuance of our new fixed-rate debt in August of last year, a favorable interest rate expense adjustment last year, and some additional interest expense related to foreign income taxes due from prior years. Looking ahead, we're continuing to project net interest expense of approximately $320 million for the full year 2017, consistent with what we indicated at the beginning of the year. Unallocated corporate costs of $134 million were up versus the prior year and modestly below our $140 million per quarter guidance for fiscal year 2017. The increase is primarily due to the planned increased investments in innovation, IT, and business transformation. Minority interest and other charges increased to $35 million primarily due to updated portfolio investment valuations in CIP. Turning to our cash flow statements for the first six months on slide 6, we generated $1 billion from operations before working capital changes similar to the prior year. We had favorable changes in working capital of a bit over $300 million. Total capital spending was $452 million. Our current expectation for fiscal year 2017 is capital spending of approximately $1 billion. Acquisitions of $180 million were primarily related to Crosswind Industries, a pet treat manufacturer; and Chamtor, a French producer of wheat-based sweeteners and starches. We spent about $511 million to repurchase shares and including dividends, we returned $875 million of capital to shareholders by midyear. Our average share count for the quarter is 574 million diluted shares outstanding, down 20 million shares from this time one year ago. At the end of the quarter, we had 571 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our corporate balance sheet as of June 30, 2017 and 2016. Our balance sheet remains solid. Our working capital of $7 billion was down $1.2 billion from the year-ago period. Total debt was $7 billion, resulting in a net debt balance of $6.3 billion. Our leverage position remains comfortable with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 27%. Our shareholders' equity of $17.4 billion was down slightly from the $17.7 billion last year, due primarily to returns of capital shareholders in excess of net earnings. We had $5.1 billion in available global credit capacity at end of June. If we add available cash, we had access to $5.8 billion of short-term liquidity. Next, Juan will take us through a review of our business performance. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thanks, Ray. Please turn to slide 8. In the second quarter, we earned $658 million of operating profit, excluding specified items, up from $573 million in last year's second quarter. Second quarter adjusted segment operating profit was up almost 15% versus the year-ago quarter. We continued to see improving conditions in some markets throughout the year, as well as benefits from the actions we have taken and continue to take, as we execute our strategic plan. Looking at the first half of the year, despite muted margin conditions persisting for some of our businesses, adjusted operating profit was up approximately 17%. Now, I'll review the performance of each segment. Starting on slide 9, Ag Services was up over the prior year period and delivered its fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year increases in operating profit. Merchandising and Handling returns were higher versus the year-ago quarter. North America grain results increased significantly over the prior year with a strong carries in wheat, corn and soybeans. We are seeing the benefits of our actions to improve the performance of the global traders. The group generated solid profitable results and was up over the year-ago quarter. Good execution led to improved margins that more than offset some lower volumes. In addition, favorable timing effects benefited results. Destination marketing is on pace with our Egyptian joint venture, Medsofts delivering a strong quarter. Transportation decreased over the previous year primarily due to river conditions and lower freight rates. Milling and Other delivered solid results with modest growth over the prior year driven by solid margins and favorable merchandising in North America. Please turn to slide 10. Corn Processing had another strong quarter with results up from the year-ago period. Our Global Sweeteners and Starches business performed very well. Higher volumes and improved margins in North America Sweeteners and Starches contributed to a strong performance. In addition, our European operations showed positive growth as a result of increased sales volumes. Results from our sweetener complex in Tianjin, China improved modestly over the year-ago quarter with good growth in sales volumes reaching full utilization levels during the quarter. Bioproducts results increased over a weak prior-year quarter, one with slow production. Ethanol margins improved significantly due to lower production costs and increased industry exports. Animal Nutrition was up over the second quarter of 2016 driven by improvements made in the Specialty Feed Ingredients business. Slide 11, please. In Oilseeds Processing, the business benefited from diversity of feedstocks, products and geographies. However, overall results were down compared to the second quarter of 2016. Crushing and Origination results were lower. Global crush margins remained pressured due to alternative protein substitutes, slower first-half growth in meal demand and a competitive global marketplace. In South America, when the Brazilian real dropped in value for a brief time in May, we saw more aggressive farmer selling. But in general, throughout the quarter, the real remain firm contributed to compressed South American origination margins. On the other hand, our softseeds performance improved over the previous year as we continued to utilize our flex crush capacity to capitalize on margin opportunities. And Refining, Packaging, Biodiesel, and Others which is our value-added oilseeds business, continued its consistent pattern of earnings this quarter with solid results in all regions. Refined and packaged oils in both North America and South America were higher over the year-ago quarter with higher sales and strong margins. North America Biodiesel results were up in the quarter, largely due to unfavorable timing effects from the year-ago period. Our global peanut business benefited from improved shelling margins and good results from our specialty products and oils businesses. In addition, Asia experienced another good quarter, growing significantly over the prior-year period due to our ownership stake in Wilmar. On slide 12, WFSI results were in line with the prior-year period as we continue to build the business globally and to invest in innovation and exceptional solutions for our customers. WILD Flavors delivered another strong quarter with double-digit profit growth and higher year-over-year results in every region around the globe, powered by 9% revenue growth on a constant currency basis. Specialty Ingredients was down for the quarter. We have seen improvements in some businesses. However, results were impacted by some production interruptions and startup costs for new facilities. We continue to build and expand our capabilities in the WFSI platform. We're investing for the long term, including by creating new customer innovation centers, adding talent, developing new product applications and building new facilities such as Campo Grande and Tianjin. These actions are positioning the business to be a leader in flavor and specialty ingredients which is able to reach a broader range of customers as its portfolio expands. We are seeing how combining WILD Flavors' natural flavor systems and ADM's nutrition, texture and functional solutions is positioning us to respond to local consumer preferences and for a complete food and beverage solutions. We are making ongoing enhancements to WFSI's operations and customer offerings. And with a significant project pipeline, we are confident we will continue to see strong growth. Slide 13, please. Before I update you on the progress of the strategic plan, I like to remind you of a significant number of actions we have taken on our business portfolio to evolve ADM for the future. During the last three years, we have dramatically increased our capabilities further down the value chain, starting with the WILD Flavors' acquisition in 2014 to Harrell Nut Company, to Eatem, Caterina, Harvest Innovations, Biopolis and more. We have increased our capacity and geographic reach. In EMEA, we added AOR to expand our packaged oils capabilities. We purchased and then expanded corn processing facilities out of our former Eaststarch joint venture, and added further to our sweetener footprint with the acquisitions of Chamtor and in Morocco. We expanded our logistics and destination marketing capabilities with Medsofts in Egypt, Industries Centers in Israel, and our ports on the Black Sea. We're building facilities in China. We added Amazon Flavors in Brazil. We acquired Crosswind Industries in the U.S. And we have increased our ownership stake in Wilmar International, a very successful processing and consumer packaged goods company focused in the emerging markets. And we have divested businesses that we believe were unlikely to meet our long-term return's objectives including cocoa, chocolate, South American fertilizer, our Brazilian sugar operations, and crop risk services. In the meantime, we have continued to invest in R&D and innovation, in operational excellence, in our business transformation, in all of those things that will help us set the competitive standard by industry. So, turn to slide 14 please where we will provide an update on some of our accomplishments this quarter. As you can see, we're continuing to execute in our three primary areas of focus. In the area of optimizing the core, we completed the divestiture of our crop risk insurance business while retaining our ability to offer customers a full array of ADM's grain marketing services. In Santos, Brazil, we made a series of enhancement that will improve our operational efficiency at our export terminal. And, today, we are announcing that we will be reconfiguring our Peoria ethanol complex to focus on the more profitable, high-grade industrial and beverage alcohol and also export fuel. By doing this, we will reduce ethanol capacity by more than 100 million gallons, and we will also have a more simplified production process for the Peoria complex. We have achieved more than $200 million of monetizations in 2017, and we continue to be on track to achieving our $1 billion monetization target over two years that we announced in 2016. In addition, this year we are converging two very important activities, operational excellence and business process transformation, into a strategic initiative called Project Readiness. We have talked in the past about how we have been driving operational excellence into our manufacturing and supply chain activities to help reduce costs. In fact, year-to-date, we have generated operational cost savings of over $130 million on a run-rate basis and are ahead of pace to meet our 2017 target of $225 million. We have also talked in the past about our business process transformation program called 1ADM. This year, we have rolled out the project to our North American corporate finance activities and are currently introducing the program to several processing businesses in North America, and we are in the design and planning stages for Europe. The convergence of these two activities into Project Readiness will allow a more coordinated approach towards establishing how ADM will drive improvement in our businesses and functions that will be even more efficient, more standardized and with a focus on customer excellence. As you saw in the prior slide, since 2014 we have been quite active with our business portfolio as we have acquired many companies, divested various businesses and made investments in various segments and geographies. Because of this, we decided to step back and look at our overall structure. So, as part of Project Readiness, we have taken another look at our structure organizational levels, spans of control, degree of centralization of activities, organization of various staff activities and leadership. We also looked at the allocation of resources between businesses that are more mature and businesses that are growing. With this review, we identify areas to streamline and areas where we need to invest even more resources including people resources, and we took steps to ensure we have the right resources in the right places. As part of this effort, we'll reduce certain positions within our global workforce, and align the organization to enable us to continue focusing on innovation and growth. In the area of strategic growth, we have announced or completed several important projects. We closed on our Chamtor acquisition which expands our sweeteners and starch footprint in Western Europe. We have once again expanded our destination marketing capabilities by acquiring a controlling interest in Industries Centers, an Israeli company specializing in the import and distribution of agricultural products. And we announced that we will be building a new state-of-the-art flour mill in Mendota, Illinois. As mentioned earlier, our Campo Grande protein facility in Brazil and our Tianjin, China fiber operation will increasingly contribute to our growth in the second half of the year. And as part of the strategic growth, I have appointed Ian Pinner to the position of Chief Growth Officer. He will focus on helping us drive additional growth into the value-added spaces and work very closely with Vince Macciocchi on our Ingredients teams. In addition, Ian will continue to oversee our ADM ventures arm which focuses on making investments in new food and feed and bioactive platforms. So, this highlights several of the actions we took in the quarter. We'll continue to update you on our progress regularly. So, before we take your questions, I would like to offer some additional perspectives on the next quarter and the balance of the year. First, I'd like to say how proud I am of what this team has accomplished, particularly in delivering 39% EPS growth this quarter. For us to be able to do this, even while conditions were less than ideal, speaks to both the great work of our team and the pay-offs of our strategic plan that we continue to execute. We feel good about where we are and where we are headed. In Ag Services, we anticipate overall Q3 performance to be down versus a strong prior year period, although an improvement from this quarter's results. South America's large crop will continue to pressure North American exports in the third quarter. Absent any major dislocation event, we continue to expect it will be a very competitive global environment in the third quarter. However, strong U.S. corn and soybean production may present merchandising opportunities in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. We expect international merchandising to continue to deliver favorable results. So, overall, we continue to expect performance in Ag Services for calendar year 2017 to be better than 2016. In Corn, we expect third quarter results to be up over 2016. In Sweeteners and Starches capacity in North America remains tight amidst solid demand. We will see some benefits from the addition of Chamtor and continue to see positive momentum in Asia. Ethanol margins are expected to improve in the third quarter compared to the second quarter due to seasonal demand. As I mentioned earlier, our production levels will change in Peoria and with high levels of industry inventory entering the quarter will probably run our plants to maximize yield. For full year 2017, we still believe results will be significantly higher than 2016 even with the weaker than expected ethanol margins in the first half of the year. Looking at the third quarter for Oilseeds, we expect results to be up over a weak year-ago period. The third quarter results could be similar to this year's second quarter. We expect soybean crush margins to be improved in the second half of the year as meal demand growth rates are projected to increase. However, they will continue to be margin pressure from competing proteins and strong Argentine exports. In South America, we anticipate improving farmer selling as there are still significant corn and soy crops to be commercialized. And our second half numbers could benefit from the positive resolution of the U.S. biodiesel blenders' tax credit for 2017, as well as the NBB antidumping and countervailing trade case and the European WTO dispute on Argentina biodiesel import tariffs. Our full year outlook for Oilseeds is for a much stronger performance compared to 2016, but not as strong as 2015. For WFSI, third quarter results are expected to be better than the year-ago period, and WFSI is on track for a record calendar year of performance. WILD Flavors should continue its pace of double-digit percentage operating profit growth. Specialty Ingredients is expected to recover from a slow 2017 start. The Campo Grande, Brazil facility should start incrementally contributing to results as soon as the complex gets fully operational in the second half. So, in conclusion, I just want to again acknowledge the ADM team for delivering a strong improvement in earnings this quarter and the first half of 2017. We are successfully navigating through some challenging conditions while continuing to invest in projects, innovations, and processes for the future. We were still able to return capital back to the shareholders and keep a strong balance sheet. I'm expecting a strong year-over-year earnings growth and returns in 2017. And ADM is poised to be an even stronger company in 2018 with the collective actions that we are taking. And we'll remain confident that as we execute our strategic plan, we will be able to deliver on our long-term ROIC objective of 10%. With that operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Your line is open.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, Heather.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Hi. I don't want to waste my only question, but I did have a clarification. Did you say Oilseeds for Q3 you expect it to be similar to Q2?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Correct, Heather, yes.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And then going to the Peoria announcement, could you flesh that out further? So, are you taking  from what I heard, you're reconfiguring that to focus more on industrial and beverage grade alcohol as well as ethanol exports but the net-net will be you will be taking 100 million gallons of ethanol production out of the system permanently?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. You understood it correct, Heather. We are taking basically the ethanol that we're producing for domestic use, about 100 million gallon of that out of commission immediately.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. So, you're saying 100 million gallons for domestic use but like when we're thinking about total capacity for ADM, what's the net reduction as opposed to shifting it to -
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: It's 100 million gallons.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome, Heather.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Maybe a short and longer term question on Oilseeds. I know you talked about some improvement in  some competition in the back half but some improvement on better meal demand. But, I mean, can you talk about the longer term opportunity here to get crush margins back up and kind of what it will really take to see higher ex-China utilization to maybe either get margins to a level that would incent new capacity and really improve your own base performance?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you, Adam. Listen, looking forward, we're seeing obviously seasonal positive North American dynamics in Q3 and Q4. We're going to have good bean availability, and we expect a strong domestic demand in the second half. We saw a little bit of the softer demand in the first half with probably  excluding China  about 1% up year-to-date. We're forecasting ending the year about 1% to 3% excluding China. When we include China, we're thinking about 3% year-to-date performance. And when we look at 2018, maybe more important to your question, we're looking at about 5% mill demand growth including China. So we see that continues to go strong. We have taken this year the impact of the DDGs' shift from China not importing that anymore. So we absorbed that, and we also for the most part, have cleared with all the inventory of low quality feed wheat that was competing for milling to that. So, we feel good about how we have transitioned during this quarter. It was a relatively tough quarter for crushing, and we're moving into 2018 with better dynamics for that business. I also would like to emphasize maybe the importance of the flexibility that we have in ADM. We crush eight seeds in ADM, and we have seen in times like these where maybe soybean crush margins are subdued, our ability to shift capacity to others where is softseed margins improvement, but also our portfolio, and you probably noticed in our chart about the contribution of value added that has been brought by bottle oils, blended oils, and another products. So, I think we feel very good about the growth rates of mill going forward. Certainly, protein demand, consumption, look at the increase in soybean imports from China. That's probably the best indication of true protein consumption every year there. So, we feel good about the long-term fundamentals and we feel good about how our business is operating and how diversified it is to take advantage of this opportunity. So, we're strong in Oilseeds going forward.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I appreciate the color, Juan. And maybe just an Ag Services question. I know we still have a couple months to evaluate the full size of the U.S. crop, but it does look like the combined U.S. corn, soy, wheat production will be lower than the prior year with some large competition, especially for corn and soy, exports from South America. Can you talk about from 4Q onwards as things are shaping up, the carry opportunities, Gulf elevations, and just how the mosaic is shaping up as you look at the new crop environment?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Sure, Adam. Yeah. Very good question. Listen, I said before, we are very proud of how the Ag Services business have navigating through all this. This has been the fourth consecutive quarter of improvement. And at times, we've been very critic about the things we needed to improve. And I think the team has delivered on that, and we can with a better cost position and better operating performance to ourselves. As we look at the second half, we do believe that the exports will be a little higher than 2015, but certainly lower than 2016 from the U.S. because we're going to get all these potential exports from South America during Q3. Even as we consider that, we see the improved performance of our global traders into the second half. We've seen good wheat and corn carries in the U.S., as you describe it. We see continued increase in our destination marketing volume is growing 10% over year. And we're going to get the bigger contribution from Medsofts that is operating very profitably and now from our majority position in Industries Centers in Israel. We're going to see higher exports for us from Argentina in the second half and we didn't have that benefit in the first half. So, we feel strongly about that. We see that our Ag Services business will benefit from our ability to segregate high-quality wheat as we go into the second half. So, again, we're thinking higher growth versus  I mean, bigger earnings than last year, probably more tilted towards Q4 than Q3 where the opportunities for North America will be bigger.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: All right. That's helpful color. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Does your commentary regarding the reconfiguration of your ethanol assets in Peoria have any implications for the divestiture of the dry mill assets? And if not, can you provide an update on the process?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, Sandy. No, actually, it doesn't have any implications other than this plan has been removed from the consideration because we have considered already fixed in the sense that that reconfiguration allow us to focus on the profitable products that we wanted to maintain, and take that capacity out of the domestic ethanol market. In terms of the other process, we don't have any updates at the moment to be honest. We have been analyzing that. Remember we said we were looking at the potential impact of tax reform, and we were given that a little bit of time to see if we could see any movement from the administration on that. So, at this point in time, the financials have been carved out. We understand the financials of those business, and we continue to look for opportunities to have a transaction there with no rush. I mean, the business is performing well or improving the performance. So, we have no rush, but no announcement at this point in time.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then what drives your expectation that ethanol margins are going to improve just given that we're in the heart of the summer driving season and margins are down very significantly year-over-year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I think we see an  we've seen an improvement that we started in Q3. I think that when you look at Q2, there was a big drop in oil at that point in time, and also domestic demand for gasoline and somehow driving was not that strong. Maybe it was a little bit of not kind of summery weather, if you will, and that reduced a little bit the miles. As we've seen, the industry reacted a little bit with taking output out at the end of the second quarter. We entered Q3 with a little bit better equation in terms of inventories and margins popped up a little bit with lower corn prices and higher oil prices. So, we feel better about the margin structure of the Q3.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you very much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome, Sandy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. I was hoping you could comment a little bit more on the competing feedstock environment that you talked about impacting your crush margins. I thought that at this point we were supposed to see, I guess, less competition from feed wheat, and I want to know if that's still the issue. And if so, when is that finally going to pass through? And also on crush margins. If you look at the futures market for crush margins, I guess it looks okay, but I guess I've heard that in local markets it might be quite different. So, to what extent is the futures markets for crush margins an accurate reflection of what's really going on for soy?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Robert. Good morning. So, two-part question. The first part, most of the feed wheat we have basically  the market has basically consumed over the second  of the second quarter. So, I would say, going forward, we feel that that situation will improve, so still a competitive environment from a crushing perspective. But I will say probably the worst was in the second quarter and will improve progressively as we go through the year. Regarding your discussion about board crush margins and cash crush margins and the convergence or how representative our board crush margins at this point in time. Sometimes, when we go into times of either extreme tightness or extreme or excessive of supplies, sometimes we see this dislocation between cash crush and board crush and it could be more pronounced. And eventually, they all converge and I think that yeah, we need to be careful that sometimes don't get the expectations than maybe the board crush presents versus what we see in the market. And that's what you saw in our results, that results for Q2 were a little bit more subdued.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And just in general, if you wrapped it all up, would you look at your guidance today compared to three months ago, I mean, are you more optimistic about the earnings power for this year or you're less optimistic? Is it about the same versus three months ago?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, I would say we maintain our position as we said before. When we entered 2017, Rob, we thought it was a tough year that will present some improvement in certain markets, but we were very confident about our improvements on the things that we were executing. And we continue to be that way. I will say the first half was not particularly kind in some of the markets, even probably ethanol margins were lower than we expected, and yet we were able to post first half results almost 40% higher than last year. So, it was based on our own plan. And so our expectation for the end of the year have not changed. We have stayed on plan basically in that regard.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone and thanks for squeezing me in. I'm just going to tag on to a question that was asked a little bit earlier, Juan. And the environment improved pretty nicely in July. We saw a nice rally in the  weather rally in the grain markets in the U.S. and given a lot of that back up again but we did see some improved fundamentals for the U.S. Ag business. I guess the question that I had, and we know that the competition from South America is going to be pretty brutal, particularly corn, over the next month or two or three, probably your third quarter, so how much of the crop by your judgment in South America, both beans and corn, is yet to be commercialized? And how does that compare maybe to where it was a year ago?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. So, talking about Brazil, so if you think about soy, the farmer probably have sold about two-thirds of it and if we compare to about over 80% a year ago. New crop at the moment probably maybe 8% to 10% versus maybe 15% a year ago. Corn probably about a little bit than half of the crop  of the all crop commercialized versus maybe 55% a year-ago. So, probably not much of the new crop has been done at this point in time. I will say we probably see Brazilian farmers or Brazil exporting more of the corn and holding a little bit more of the beans as they go forward. You don't have a big domestic market for corn, so I think that if you're a farmer, you try to position and take in the export opportunities while you can hold a little bit more on soy beans because eventually you still have a crush  domestic crush and that you can place those volumes later on in the season. So, that's where we see the pattern, probably South America more aggressive in corn exports and maybe the U.S. being able to compete in soybeans a little bit more during the second half.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Tom Simonitsch on behalf of Ann. Could you talk more on your interpretation of last week's court ruling on EPA and the 2016 RVO and what impact do you think this ruling can have on your priorities of business this year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Well, there's a lot of speculation about this. So, basically, obviously, the Justice Department has said that they would not go back and adjust 2014 and 2015, but they will adjust 2016, which has been lowered to 14.5. So, it means that for 2016, the obligated parties will need to either blend more ethanol or buy more RINs to the effect of maybe 0.5 billion gallons more than they thought. So, you said you see the bump in ethanol and RINs pricing on that. So, that's all that we can say at this point in time. It seems to be a small positive for that, and it was a vindication of the RFS as a rule of the country, if you will.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And the impact on biodiesel specifically?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think it was positive for Biodiesel, I mean. But there are so many things to be resolved over the next month on biodiesel and all the other aspects. So, I think that that's a business that we have many, many scenarios in which positives could come to biodiesel industry in the second half. So we feel optimistic about that.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Wong with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to get some more color around your expectations around ethanol exports, U.S. ethanol exports, for the year. Obviously they have been strong. And then just if you can talk about the Brazilian fundamentals. And as we look at kind of the second part of this season for mills down there, and the fact that sugar prices are lower from where were they were at the beginning of the year and last year, granted a little bit of strength here recently. But what expectations are around kind of the conversion of crush down there and to ethanol versus sugar, and how that could impact exports in the second half. As well as if you could talk to the tariff, too. And obviously that's been delayed here for about 30 days, but any insight there would be great.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you, Brett. So, the exports from the U.S. of ethanol continue to move nicely and grow stronger every year. At this point in time, our team has estimated something between 1.1 billion and 1.3 billion gallons of exports going forward. We see, if we think about 2018, and as you understand, there are many moving parts here and there. The dynamics in Brazil where they have been trying to favor a little bit in the government the usage of ethanol by having some differentiated piece of things, (49:04) taxes, we think that both governments are trying to be prudent and very mature about their trade relationships. And then both chambers have been discussing things and making sure they don't jeopardize the trade relationships between these two countries. So, we think that the situation in Brazil will normalize soon. When we think about our expectations for ethanol demand going forward, we see  if we look at next year, we see potentially an extra 100 million gallons from increased gasoline demand, domestic gasoline demand. We see probably another 100 million gallons out of additional E15 usage. The number of stations offering higher levels of blending continues to increase. We had about, I don't know, 600 stores dispensing E15 at the end of last year. We're expecting that to grow probably to 1,100 this year and maybe in the range of 2,000 by the end of 2018. So, again, that's a very healthy growth of maybe 100 million gallons of E15 next year. We think about the potential to Mexico, taking maybe 100 million gallons even if we don't include the big cities. That's something that once we establish the 100 million gallons trade flow that will grow potentially into 200 million or 300 million. And we think that, potentially, we could send 100 million to 200 million gallons to Europe as the market opens back to ethanol. You still have the potential for China to come back as a buyer. So, even if something will happen to Brazil, we'll still see significant demand coming into the ethanol market, which we think that's going to be not that much capacity expansion. So we think there's going to be a tightening in the margin going forward for the next year. So, we're actually positive about the dynamics of ethanol going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll, Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Well, thank you, and good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Wanted just to go back to  you made some comments here. But this is, I think, a critical question about what's gone on with board crush margins and how strong they have been  and it's not just a one-quarter phenomenon; it's been happening for a while  relative to cash crush margins and how much weaker they have been. Can you really lay out the case here for why there's such a big divergence? And what should we expect going forward? Is the board crush margin a valid indicator to look at, at this point?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, David, I will try my best to explain this. There isn't one simple answer for this question, as obviously there are a number of factors that weigh in on this such as currencies, logistics, feed alternatives, local/regional cash market dynamics. So, as I was saying before when I was answering for Eric, during times of extreme tightness or excessive supplies, we have seen sometimes this dislocation between cash crush and board crush, and sometimes can be more pronounced like it's been now. Certainly, one of the larger catalysts this year of lower cash margin have been the high level of global stocks to usage inventories that we've seen around the world. But the way I tend to think about it is the Chicago board price is one price that is made up of thousands of cash markets in North America, South America, Europe and everywhere in the world. And this cash markets use the Chicago price as their proxy, I will say, but just the basis to get to a local cash price that compensates for a local supply and demand dynamics, and that's what we see as operators. So, understand that the basis is that mechanism that manages regional and local cash markets. You can see why cash and board crush don't always have the same price. This year has been no exception. Each region has its own unique set of market dynamics, I guess. And like South America with slower than normal farmer selling and given the lower board movement and currency fluctuations. And North America has experienced pressure from feed substitutes, the famous DDGs trade to China that didn't happen. And extremely weak meal basis that Europe has also pressures from the Argentina crop side. So, looking forward, it seems reasonable to believe that the South America soybean meal and oil take a larger role in supplying the world and that the U.S.-driven board crush delivery system will have to adjust for additional factors like currency, ocean freight and more influential region markets. So, we think that with solid global demand and global stocks usage levels expected to move lower probably over the next year, we think that regional crush capacity utilization levels will improve and hopefully these things will converge. So, a longwinded answer, hopefully it added some clarity, David, to this complex issue.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I appreciate that. If I could just have a follow-up on one of the programs you talked about on the call about ADM1 (sic) [1ADM] (55:04). But I'd just like to hear your impressions as to just the origination margins everywhere have contracted over the last few years. You've often discussed it, but it really feels like it's more notable in recent quarters. What do you think has happened just fundamentally with improved farmer access to weather data or other pricing information? And then really what I'm getting at here is how does all this investment that you're doing right now in the company kind of help ADM regain some of the competitive advantage, this kind of balance of power between the farmers and the grain originators?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, David. So, let me see if we address the different aspects of your very good question. First of all, that's not a competition between the farmer and ADM. We like to think that we are part of the same value chain and we have very good relationship with farmers around the world. For ADM to be successful, we need a successful farming community. So, I will never want to pass the impression that we are competing or fighting with the farmer. I think there is a reality, David, is that as we talked before about the basis, the markets are efficient. And when you see places in which products don't have a very good use or very low basis, normally some capacities brought into that to take advantage of the opportunity. So, that's why you see movement in our footprint sometimes and movement in the farmers as well, or even capacity, whether it's you crush corn or you crush soybean. So, we seen that all the time. Our role is to adjust our company to the new opportunities we're seeing ahead of us. And we see that sometimes those opportunities are for us to go forward into crushing or milling of the product. And you saw the reflection in our investments. Sometimes those opportunities are geographical like the removal of the sugar regime in Europe and the opportunity that present for corn syrups. Sometimes that is even by our customers, how they shift, and we've seen that in, for example, WFSI part in which our traditional CPG customers are having more difficulties to grow revenue, but where we have seen a polarization, if you will, of the consumer in which consumers that are health conscious and maybe millennials or Z-generation are much more looking at natural solutions, that's where our WFSI is so strongly positioned. But we also see people having more conventional food, leaning more towards private labels. So, you see this polarization, if you will, of the consumers. And we see how WFSI is very strong, providing solutions also into the private labels. So, we continue to see this. And then we adjust sometimes to take advantage of the opportunity, sometimes to neutralize the negative like we've done in destination marketing. Destination marketing sounds very simple, but it's a huge undertaking around the world that takes us to new geographies, that take us closer to customers but take us to 10% volume growth or higher margin products all the time. So I would say markets are efficient, David, and when there is an opportunity somewhere or a high ROIC somewhere, capacity tends to come to reduce that and that's why competitive advantage don't last that longer and you continue to adjust. So, we are an active team in that sense. We have a very talented people around the world searching for those opportunities. We do believe that with all the things that we have done and I highlighted here, we established a more robust platform for earning growth. And we do believe that we're going to be able to beat previous levels of earnings growth in the future, and we have calculated that all these will take us to a 10% ROIC as we execute this plan. That's why we've been so consequential about showing you the improvements of that plan every quarter because we think that that's the path to 10%, and we're highly committed to that.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Juan, just a question on  there's been some chatter out of China that with the excess corn position, they're ramping up high fructose corn syrup production there. I assume that they wouldn't be profitable coming back into the U.S. market, and they're mainly going to look to play in the Asian sugar market. But do you have any sense of the size of their capacity? And are you hearing or seeing anything about it in any of the markets that you play in?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you, Vince. You know we have a new plant there in China, in Tianjin, of high-fructose corn syrup that we started last year. Our plant is very well located to be both supplying the Chinese market and the export markets. And you probably heard on my remarks that we achieved full utilization of our plant. And this is because, as you describe correctly, the local situation with regards to corn has become more competitive. So, it has allowed us to sell. I would say some of that capacity that we're running at very low rates is coming back in China, mostly supplying the domestic market. There is still a huge opportunity to grow high-fructose corn syrup domestically. So I will say it barely pencils out of China, it doesn't pencil all the way to North America. So you will see this volume still inside, but supporting the carbonated soft drink growth there in China. But you are correct. Units have become more competitive there, and they have come to higher rates. I don't recall top of my head, to be honest, Vince, the capacity that they have, but we will get that number to you. I don't want to guess here.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, no worries. Doesn't sound like it's that meaningful. And just as a quick follow-up, have you broken out your CapEx in terms of growth versus maintenance?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. So this year we're going to be around $1 billion in CapEx. For us, maintenance is something between $250 million to $300 million depending on the year and the project, the magnitude of the individual project. So, I will say you take two-thirds of that and it becomes growth and cost. It's not only growth, it's  we split almost half and half between cost and growth the remainder of the capital.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Vince.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, Juan, you've repeatedly said that you focus on the actions that you can control. And you don't focus as much  or you can't focus on the environment all the time, and you do work within that. So with that, my first question really is, if I look at WFSI, that's a business that you should be able to control. And yet that hasn't developed the way you would have thought, and probably underperformed relative to your initial expectations. And then the second part of the question is when you're taking all these actions, and quite honestly, I couldn't write quick enough to find out exactly what you're doing throughout. How does this change your operating profit outlook for 2018 and 2019? Are we looking at a return of X (1:03:24)? Are we looking at an earnings power increase? What are all these actions doing? Or are they just compensating for the structural challenges within the market?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Okay. Let me address that, Ken. Thank you for the question on WFSI actually. I would like to talk a little bit about both the short term and the long term. In WFSI and as you say, it's more what we can control. First of all, you have to realize the movement in the consumer in the food and beverage industry this year and over the last three years has been spectacular. And it's take all our attention and all our agility to remain on top of that. So, I think we shouldn't underestimate just because these are not related to commodity market. These are stable markets or markets that don't require a lot of adjustment. So, I'm very proud the way our team had positioned ADM to take, as I said, this polarization of the consumer, if you will, in which you have these natural products being introduced at the same time that we get more traditional products taken into more private label. So, yeah, there has been a big shift and we've been  we'd remain on top of that. And that's represented by the WILD Flavors growth rate. If you look at so far this year, we have grown revenue 9%. And that's a very healthy growth rate today compared to anybody in the food and beverage industry. So I think that the business have done terrific in that regard, and we continue to increase our margins in that business, pointing 20% year-over-year increases over the last two years. And I think we are in that rate this year as well. So I would say WILD Flavors has been very, very good at that. But at the same time that that is happening, we are investing a lot in this business to get the capabilities up to provide the solutions for these customers. So, we open an innovation center in Sydney, that costs money. We open an innovation center in Cranbury that I think you visited this year, but we also expanded recently the culinary aspects of that. We built a plant in  Fibersol plant in China, and we built this complex in Campo Grande that it took the whole year to bring into operation. So, all those things are capabilities, are earnings power that we're building that's going to hit the P&L next year. So, we feel good about this, but we've been in the commodity business for 115 years and we've been in the ingredients and flavor business for the last 3 years. So, of course, we need to improve the capabilities and get bigger in that. We are very happy with WILD Flavors. Some of the products in Specialty Ingredients have suffered. Some of them have been self-inflicted wounds on things that candidly we did not execute well in some of the integrations of the acquisitions and some of them have been market issues. They are  we are recovering that. I would say half of the businesses that we're having some problems are becoming much better. And we expect SI part of the WFSI to have a much better second half than the first half. So, we continue to be as excited as we were at the beginning of the prospect of that. And it has the broad growth rate for the company, a growth engine that we certainly didn't have before. When you put everything together, as you describe, I think we continue to make our footprint more resilient to some of these changes, Ken. And we do believe as I mentioned before that this will take us to earnings that will surpass historical earnings. Will they happen in 2018? Probably not in 2018, probably, but it's within the next two or three years. And we certainly are very convinced about getting back to the 10% ROIC that we set as target when we put together our strategy. I don't know, Ray, if you want to talk a little bit about the...
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Well. In terms of, Ken, I mean, naturally you mentioned there are things that we can control and there's things that we can't control. For the things that we can control, as Juan indicated, some of the actions that we're taking in terms of delayering spans of control. In addition, yesterday we announced that we're going to effectively sunset our U.S. salary DB plan. So, when you take a look at things that we can control, when I look at 2018, again, we haven't started our 2018 planning process yet. But when you take a look at our run-rate type of savings, right, for 2018, for the things that we can control of the list that  of what Juan announced, there's probably at least about $100 million of run-rate savings that we will be able to benefit in 2018. And that's going to continue into the future there. So, again, we do believe  again, we haven't started our 2018 planning process yet. But, again, for things that we're working on right now, at least of what we have announced, at least $100 million of run-rate savings. And don't forget, in terms of the savings that we're going to generate this year, as Juan indicated, we are well on track to pass our cost reduction targets for this year. I mean, that will also be ongoing savings into the future. So, again, I think we  that's the reason why we feel good about the future. We feel good about our path towards getting back past our historical earnings and towards our long-term 10% ROIC target with the actions that we're taking.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: So, Ken, when we think about  just to clarify also or expand on what Ray said, when you think about our operational excellence savings, let's say, the $225 million that we're expecting this year, those are separate from the $100 million run-rate that we could have in 2018 by some of the delayering and other aspects. So, the operational excellence is more about adding technology to get those cost savings. The other one is more of flexing our organizational design and reducing layers. So, this will be additive in 2018, if you will.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Hi. Good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: A question all around your Corn Processing segment. Could you share with us how much of the improvement you (1:10:29) is market-driven in both sweeteners and starches? And how much is really driven by ADM's actions to, for example, improve lysine, or improve international, make acquisitions? Can you just kind of break that apart for us a bit?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Let me help you qualitatively while Ray think about the quantitative answer maybe to that question, Farha. Listen, the sweeteners and starches  first of all, when we talked a lot about our operational excellence and our cost improvements, Farha, as you know, the corn plants are the largest unit plants that we have in the company with the most complex operation sometimes. So, those are the plants that normally receive or generate the bulk of the improvements, if you will, whether they are yields or energy efficiency or things like that. So, when we talk every year about these $225 million saving things coming to the P&L, a lot  a big proportion of that comes through the P&L of sweeteners and starches. So, this is a business that has benefited a lot from being able to run at very high capacity utilizations and very stable rates, if you will, because that have allowed our engineers to fine-tune the operations. And we continue to see a strong demand for not only high-fructose corn syrup to Mexico and others, but also from corn syrup, from dextrose. So, the more stable demand and high utilization levels that we have, the better our engineers can run those operations. So, I would say the other aspect of this is that we have made this business more international, which helps in many, many ways, not only giving us an extra stream of earnings from Europe, from the Eaststarch operations or from China, but also allows us to give us better information from a technology perspective and market perspective. So, I would say the team has leveraged all these, and continues to excel year-over-year. And we continue to be very, very confident about the future of the Corn business. So, I don't know, Ray, if you can quantify a little bit what...
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I mean I think, Farha, I mean when I take a look at our second quarter results, I mean, clearly our Tianjin operation is improving, so that helps in terms of improving the S&S line. Our European operations are improving, year-over-year improvements there. So, that's a positive in terms of numbers. Our cost reduction efforts in corn also translate to year-over-year improvement. So, there's a lot of actions that we've taken which have driven the improvements in sweeteners and starches. You mentioned some of the other improvements. Remember, lysine is actually part of the Bioproducts division. And so the  some of the Bioproducts' improvements are actually related -relate to lysine around that particular alliance. So, all in all, Farha, again, I don't have the exact numbers but I can assure you that a lot of the improvements in sweeteners and starches are actions that we have taken either to grow the portfolio or actually make our cost even more competitive in our processing plants.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think an important aspect of this, Farha, is also our Corn business as I said before has gone global. That's bringing increased earnings and we're going to increase earnings. We're going to continue to increase earnings in Europe as we take advantage of the sugar change regime. But also we are moving into the central part of that market with Chamtor. And also diversifying feedstocks, because it's a wheat-related one. And we are in the middle of China. China and Eastern Europe offer spectacular opportunity to increase corn syrup versus sugar. And we are very well positioned to the point that we are already expanding Turkey and Bulgaria. So, we feel very good about our quarter-end results but even more excited about the future for the Corn business.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: So, your international growth opportunities for next year can help grow this business, so you expect earnings growth next year for both sweeteners and starches and bioproducts?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. I think that when I think about the contribution, for example, Farha, of the Tianjin plant, which is a large plant, the first year is a negative, because you bring a plant and you don't have it filled completely. This year, we announced it's already filled. So next year we're going to have another improvement in profitability in that plant. So, you should count that. Second is Eaststarch. You're going to have expansions and continued improvements of that. Third, you're going to have a full year of Chamtor next year contributing to that. And don't forget, sweeteners and starches in the U.S. continue to be very tight. And we continue to have more demand for other corn syrups and dextrose. So I will say our team has positioned the growth prospect of the Corn business very, very right, and we're very excited about the future of that business.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Farha.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to CEO, Juan Luciano, for closing remarks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay. Thank you, Jack. So thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Slide 16 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. And as always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. All participants may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Schweitzer - Archer Daniels Midland Co. Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co. Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.
Analysts: David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vincent Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call. Mark Schweitzer, Vice President-Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark D. Schweitzer - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Thank you, Scott. Good morning and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning the assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then, Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update, and discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.60, up 43% from the prior-year quarter. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $678 million. Our year-over-year results improved as a company and in all four of our business segments in the first quarter, and we continue to be on course for a stronger 2017. Ag Services was up for the quarter with higher results in U.S. grain and transportation operations. The Corn business delivered a good quarter with improved performances across their portfolio. Oilseed earnings were up, including solid results in global softseeds and from our equity investment in Wilmar. WFSI results were higher, led by WILD Flavors. We are advancing our strategic plan with a pending acquisition of French sweetener company, Chamtor; the announcements of expansions to our Animal Nutrition capabilities in China and a further investment in Wilmar. We also implemented about $50 million in run-rate cost savings during the first three months of the year. And in line with our balance capital allocation framework, we returned more than $400 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases during the quarter. We are continuing to execute the long-term strategic plan that we launched in 2012, and we're seeing the results. We have strengthened our core, improving our cost positions and implementing measures to improve results where necessary. Our operational excellence initiatives have delivered significant savings and efficiencies, and we continue to grow strategically by expanding into new geographies and increasing our capabilities in food, beverages and feed. Those actions contributed to the improved results we saw in the first quarter despite still muted margin environment in some businesses and the continued momentum in the execution of our plan gives us confidence that we will deliver sustainable value creation. I'll provide more detail on our results later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Thanks, Juan. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.60, up from the $0.42 last year. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $678 million, up $105 million from the year-ago quarter. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 26% compared to 25% in the first quarter of the prior year. The slight increase in our tax rate is primarily due to the expiration of U.S. tax credits including the biodiesel tax credit, partially offset by changes in the forecast geographic mix of earnings. Our trailing four-quarter-average adjusted ROIC of 6.4% is unchanged from the end of the first quarter last year. Our ROIC has continued to improve for the third consecutive quarter following the challenging operating conditions that we experienced during the first half of 2016. For 2017, we have established our annual weighted average cost of capital at 6.0% following a detailed review of interest rates, equity risk premiums and betas in our cost of capital model. Similarly, our long-term WACC has been updated to 7.0% based upon our review of assumptions and benchmarks. On chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of a, reported quarterly earnings of $0.59 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.60 per share. For this quarter, we had a $0.01 per share charge related to asset impairments and restructurings; a $0.01 per share LIFO gain; and certain discrete tax items of $0.01 per share. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. In Ag Services, we had approximately $7 million in impairment and restructuring charges primarily related to our restructuring efforts in the global trade desk. In Corn and Oilseeds, we had small impairments and restructuring charges. In the Corporate Lines, net interest expense was up approximately $11 million due to higher short-term interest rates and our overall mix of short- and long-term debt the following the issuance of new fixed rate debt in August of last year. Unallocated corporate of $132 million was up versus the prior year due to a higher people cost, including benefit accruals as well as our increased investments in innovation, IT and business transformation, yet modestly below our $140 million per quarter guidance for fiscal year 2017 that we provided at the last earnings call. Minority interest and other charges improved to $20 million, primarily due to improved results from our equity investment in CIP. Turning to the cash flow statement on slide 6, we generate about $508 million from operations before working capital changes during the period, down slightly from the prior-year period. Total capital spending for the period was $200 million, about similar to the prior year. Acquisitions of $90 million in the first quarter were primarily related to Crosswind Industries, a pet treat manufacturer. The other investing activities line up the cash flow statement includes the incremental investments we made in Wilmar, bringing our total ownership stake to approximately 24.3%. During the quarter, we spent about $248 million to repurchase shares, consistent with our prior guidance of $1 billion to $1.5 billion for the year subject to strategic capital requirements. Our average share count for the quarter is 579 million diluted shares outstanding, down 18 million from the time one year ago. At the end of the quarter, we had 577 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Our total return of capital to shareholders, including dividends, was more than $400 million for the quarter. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of March 31, 2017, and March 31, 2016. In summary, our balance sheet remains strong. Our operating working capital of $7.4 billion was down $280 million from the year-ago period. Total debt was $7.2 billion, resulting in a net debt balance that is debt less cash of $6.5 billion. Our leverage position remains comfortable with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 27%. Our shareholders' equity of $17.1 billion was slightly down from the $17.9 billion level last year, due to returns of capital and changes in the cumulative translation account. We had $5.1 billion global credit capacity at the end of March. If you add available cash, we had access to $5.8 billion of short-term liquidity. Next, Juan will take us through a review of business performance. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to slide 8. In the first quarter, we earned $678 million of operating profit excluding the specified items, up from $573 million in the last year's first quarter. In 2017, we are seeing some improving market conditions as well as benefits from the actions we have taken and continue to take as we execute our strategic plan. First quarter adjusted segment operating profit was up more than 18% versus the year-ago quarter despite muted margin environments persisting for some of our businesses. Now, I'll review the performance of each segment. So, starting on slide 9, Ag Services results were up year-over-year. Merchandising and Handling results were down versus the prior-year quarter. In North America, demand for grain exports remains strong and the business benefited from good execution volumes and improvements in grain carries. The improved results in North American grain operations were offset by lower results in international merchandising. As expected, results from international merchandising remained muted in the first quarter. This with substantial global supply of crops continues to limit merchandising opportunities. In addition, the group was impacted by some mark-to-market timing effects, restructuring charges and low volumes at four facilities, which negatively impacted our results in Argentina. We are beginning to see the benefits of our aggressive actions to improve our international merchandising performance and continue to expect that results will improve, as we move through the year. Transportation was up substantially. Our North America barge and stevedoring operations saw increased loads and our stevedoring operations reported record volumes. Milling and Other had a solid quarter, but with lower sales volumes and product margins. And finally, just yesterday, we completed the sale of our Crop Risk Services business to Validus Holdings, which advance our strategy by freeing capital for strategic redeployment while allowing ADM to partner with Validus to offer customers a full array of ADM's grain marketing products and services. Please turn to slide 10. Corn processing had a strong quarter. In sweeteners and starches, strong demand drove sales volume and margin growth. A key component of our plan is the strategic growth, and the Corn business exemplifies the benefits of executing that strategy. We are continuing to see higher volumes and margins from our European business. The results out of our new sweetener complex in Tianjin, China, also improved over the year-ago quarter. Another important driver of success for Corn was bioproducts. Export demand for U.S. ethanol is high. Ethanol margins were better than the year-ago quarter due to exports as well as solid domestic demand. Our lysine business had better margins versus the year-ago period, thanks to better pricing and improvements in production cost. Lysine improvements helped animal nutrition overall achieve a better quarter despite warmer weather that limited overall sales volumes. Lastly, the Corn business was impacted by about $10 million due to unplanned repairs to a large water pipe in the Decatur complex. Turn to slide 11, please. Oilseeds delivered one of its strongest recent quarters with overall results up year-over-year. Our crushing and origination results were largely flat. As expected, despite good global demand for protein meal overall, global soybean crush margins remained pressured as alternative protein meals continued to impact the market. We expect feed wheat supplies to largely clear the market by the end of the second quarter and demand for soybean meal to increase in Europe. Our global softseed processing footprint and flex capacity have continued to be positive factors. And oil and cottonseed results were both significantly higher than the previous year as we capitalized on margin opportunities both in North America and Europe. In Brazil, margin has been compressed as farmer selling hasn't kept pace with export demand due to weak commodity prices and the strong Brazilian real. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results were down for the quarter. In Europe, food oils were lower as a solid performance from the team was offset by timing effects. North American biodiesel volumes and margins were down. South American packaged oils and biodiesel were up for the quarter on better volumes and margins. Golden Peanut and Tree Nut was up on improved margins and a strong plant productivity. Results in Asia improved significantly over the prior-year quarter, reflecting our increased ownership and improved results from Wilmar. Our team in India also delivered higher results as well. On slide 12, WFSI results were higher for the quarter. The WILD Flavors team delivered another great quarter. The European, Middle East and Africa WILD Flavors group had a very strong quarter with good sales volumes in Africa and the Middle East. In China, WILD Flavors is aggressively pursuing new business with good results. And WILD Flavors in North America continues to be solid and growing. We have seen a consistent pattern of double-digit growth in the WILD Flavors business and remain excited about its continued and expanding contributions. Results from Specialty Ingredients were mixed. Specialty proteins were up overall with the strength in North America offsetting weaker results in other regions. Results in proteins were impacted by startup costs related to the Campo Grande facility, which started to sell soy flour and continues to move towards full commercialization operations later this year. Fibers were down for the quarter due to startup costs in our Tianjin complex and continued competitive price pressures. Now on slide 13, I would like to update you on how we continue to implement our strategic plan. Since we launched our plan in 2012, we made some important progress towards becoming a more efficient company, a more global company and a company that is expanding further along the value chain. We feel we have much to do, but I am gratified by the commitment to the plan that our team has demonstrated. As you all know, our industry has faced some significant market headwinds over the last two years, and I'm really proud that we faced those headwinds and had the discipline to continue to execute our plan. We worked to deliver cost and process efficiencies, and we invested to grow through acquisitions and plant expansions, and we continued to deliver dividends and share repurchases. We worked the levers under our control, putting us further along the path to creating long-term value for our shareholders. In 2017 specifically, we continued to execute in our three primary areas of focus. In the area of optimizing the core, we have already discussed how our aggressive actions to improve performance have started to show results. As mentioned earlier, we have completed the sale of our Crop Risk Service businesses, which includes a grain marketing agreement with a buyer, Validus. We have achieved more than $200 million of monetizations in 2017, and we continue to be on track to achieving our $1 billion monetization target over two years. In the area of operational excellence, we implemented about $50 million of new run rate cost savings actions through the first quarter and are on pace to meet our target of $225 million for the year. And we continue to advance our 1ADM business transformation project. In the area of strategic growth, we are planning on adding to our European sweetener and starch footprint with the pending acquisition of Chamtor in France. We also acquired a 90% ownership stake in BIOPOLIS, a leading provider of microbial technology with a strong portfolio of novel food ingredients. We are continually expanding our capabilities throughout the value chain and with BIOPOLIS, we are once again enhancing our ability to meet the needs of health-conscious consumers. We announced the construction of a new feed premix facility in Xiangtan, China, which will be our fifth in the country. We also announced our entry into the growing Asian aqua-feed market with the construction of an aquaculture production line at our Nanjing complex. We continued to grow our capabilities in the Australia and New Zealand region with the opening of our new flavor creation and customer service center in Sydney. And we once again expanded our equity holding in Wilmar, which continues to help us benefit from Asia's consumer growing and evolving demand for food. These are just a few of the recent highlights, and we'll continue, as always, to update you on our progress each quarter. So before we take your questions, I wanted to offer some additional perspectives on the next quarter and the balance of the year. In Ag Services, we do anticipate a slightly better second quarter than year-ago period with the stronger grain carries, better results in Argentina and continuing improvements in global merchandising. In the back half of the year, we'll be watching how the large South American crops impacts North American exports competitiveness. Absent any major dislocation event, we expect it will be a very competitive global environment. We believe global demand will remain strong for the year, and we expect international merchandising to contribute more as we move through the year. Looking at the whole year, we continue to expect performance in Ag Services for calendar year 2017 to be significantly better than 2016 although likely weaker than what we have thought at the beginning of this year and more similar to 2015. In Corn, we are expecting a significant improvement in the second quarter versus the prior year. In sweeteners and starches, we believe we will continue to see a tight North American market with solid demand and our international business will continue to grow. We expect to see continued very strong demand for U.S. ethanol in the second and third quarters with demand normalizing in the fourth quarter. Looking at the second quarter for Oilseeds, we expect flat to lower results compared to the year-ago quarter. Soybean crush margins in the second quarter will continue to be challenged in some geographies due to ample global soybean supplied and a competitive protein meal environment. The significant increases in crop production in Brazil will lead to better year-over-year export volumes. However, in the near term, slower producer commercialization could continue to weight on margins. In refining, packaging and biodiesel, we are expecting a steady to improved results as food and biodiesel demand improves seasonally. In WFSI, we expect that the second quarter of 2017 will show better results than the year-ago period, and we believe that WILD Flavors will continue to string strong performances throughout the year. So our full-year outlook for the company has not changed since our last call although the mix of earnings may be slightly different across our business segment with Ag Services maybe slightly weaker for the year and Corn and Oilseeds maybe slightly stronger. Taken together, as we continue to execute our plan, we remain confident that the actions we are taking will yield a solid year-over-year increase in profitability and returns for 2017. With that, Scott, I open the line for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you and good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Good morning, David.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Good morning. David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And so I wanted to spend my time on Agricultural Services. The first quarter results of $88 million, they're still well below the five-year average for Q1 results, which we calculate at around $160 million. Previously, you guys used to give guidance for the whole segment, something like, Ray, correct me if I'm wrong, what, it's like $850 to $950 million. So can you just update us a little bit more here? I mean, Juan, I appreciate your comments you just made on this thing, but I still find this is a very hard segment to model. So just a little bit more detail on what you expect going forward. And then the longer term, I think, is a fairly critical question that we get from a lot of investors. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah, thank you, David. Of course, you have heard that we're working very hard in Ag Services to continue to improve our operations. We have been seeing or facing a couple of years of very strong headwinds into that business. We are expecting improvements  and we've seen the first quarter  we still expect an improvement in the second quarter. First quarter was characterized by a strong export out of the U.S. We export significant volumes. The margins were okay, were not spectacular, but were solid margins. And we have some headwinds in international merchandising. With ample stocks around the world there is a very subdued environment for us to make profitable international trades, if you will, in the international merchandising business. So we've been working very hard to reduce our fixed cost, if you will, in that area, whether we shut down our office in South Africa, whether we consolidated offices in Argentina and reduce a little bit our manpower there. We have made some changes in personnel where we needed to do so. So it's been our improvement into that business. We still believe that over time, we're going to continue to grow our earnings. We are very pleased with our destination marketing business. We continue to grow 10% our volume there. Our acquisition in Medsofts is doing well. We have opened several offices around the world. So I will say we continue to make progress. It's still short of the range we used to hit, and we're not going to hit it this year. But this year will be better than last year. And we expect again our trend to continue in the second quarter. So I hope that satisfies, David, a little bit the outlook for Ag Services.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: It does. Thank you. And I know you want only one question, so I'll pass it along. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Okay. Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Could you discuss your views in the near-term ethanol market outlook. You had mentioned that you expect strong demand to emerge in the near term. But margins have compressed pretty meaningfully on lower-than-anticipated driving demand. You also have emerging risk from Brazil potentially implementing a 16% tariff. So I was just wondering if you can provide some your color on your near-term ethanol market outlook and then comment on how of these uncertainties may have impacted negotiations for the dry mill assets.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Sure, Sandy, yes. So the short term, I will say, we are very bullish in terms of ethanol margins. We think we're going to have a very strong Q2 and Q3. We had very strong exports in the first quarter. We expect Q2 exports to remain very strong. Even without any China in our forecast we are still expecting the industry to export about 1.1 billion, 1.3 billion gallons. This is the time of the year in which we're going to see domestic demand accelerate as the driving season gets better, if it ever stops raining and the weather improves. And we're going to see a draw in inventories by May. So we expect strong Q2 and Q3 and volumes more normal into Q4. So all in all, we expect a good year. Brazil, we think that this is going to put a lot of export in our books, in the industry's books by the whole first half. They've been very strong in Q1. We're going to see some of that continue into Q2. But there are other geographies, whether it's India and Canada, that continue to grow and we continue to develop new export markets. So we're thinking 14.5 billion gallons, give or take in terms of domestic demand, plus 1.1 billion gallons, 1.3 billion gallons of exports. So we think that there is going to be very good balance for the rest of the year. Second part of your question was to what extent this impact in our dry mills consideration. It hasn't. We continue to have the same strategic question about what we want to do with the dry mills. We haven't found any option at this point in time to execute on that was giving us the value creation that we wanted for our shareholders. So we continue to look and we continue to keep an eye on the developments on the tax reform in the U. S. that could impact some of the options or could value some of the options in different ways. So we continue to discuss with a couple of interested parties. But probably, as I said, look inside with a little bit to the tax reform progress that the Trump administration may do this year or in next year.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: You're welcome, Sandy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Just some more color on your Oilseeds business. Could you share with us kind of color around the Brazilian harvest farmer selling and what we should look for in that oilseed processing earning year-over-year for 2017 versus 2016?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yes, sure, Farha. So as it has been widely publicized, obviously, Brazil will have a very large crop. We expect soybeans to be up in production maybe 20% versus last year. Corn, maybe 40%. So at this point in time, obviously, the dynamics in Brazil have been about farmer selling, farmer not liking the prices, not liking the currency at this point in time. So crush margin has been maybe breakeven as best as everybody fights for soybean origination. Especially difficult may be the Mato Grosso area with the pool of beans from the north ports and Santos as the industries try to satisfy export commitments. The crushing environment should improve in July forward as the export loses competition to the U.S. And some of the export capacity will shift probably to corn to try to deal with this maybe 93.5 million tonnes crop that Brazil is going to harvest. The oil balance sheet would probably tighten next year as the biodiesel blend goes to  to B9 is implemented. And so that's kind of what we see Brazil at the moment. There is a lot of the balance between how much China is going to be importing versus how much the seller  the farmer will be selling and to what extent they want to keep some carryover for next year or commercialize it before they get to the corn crops.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And the outlook for Oilseeds business, how should we think about that year-over-year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah. I think it will be better than last year. So we expect biodiesels and others to pick up seasonally. And we expect crush margins to still be a little bit subdued because we need to fight with the DDGs produced from this record ethanol and also some of the still wheat feed that is in the market for Q2. We've seen already encouraging signs in Europe that demand is coming back to soybean meal. So we know that we are going through those inventories of wheat feed. So overall, we are positive into ending 2017 much better than 2016.
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Farha, if you recall last year, 2016, two major factors dragged down Oilseeds results. One, the Wilmar equity earnings; and two, the lack of volumes in South America in terms of origination. Now, those two factors, as we look into 2017, should not be negative factors. And you've seen the strength in terms of the Wilmar equity earnings that translate into our results in the first quarter. And then with the large crop in Brazil, particularly what's expected to be a significantly improved corn crop, origination volumes in South America should be significantly higher, which will contribute towards an overall positive delta in 2017 versus 2016. So again, we expect 2017 to be a lot better than 2016. Again, we don't expect it to approach the 2015 levels. But nevertheless, 2017 for Oilseeds will be a far better year than 2016.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah, thanks, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Morning, Eric.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So Juan, the interesting question that I have, and this is really  we've had four consecutive years of global grain production that really has only had one kind of interruption with this last year in South America. We could potentially produce a normal crop again this year. I mean, obviously, we've got good moisture, good planting. It seems like this malaise could last for awhile in Ag Services; yeah, we know it can change quickly. But the real question I have is, we've had fairly depressed commodity prices now globally for 18 months, two years, yet we still see global production going up, whether it be the Ukraine and Russia and elsewhere, I mean, maybe there are some geopolitical issues there, but where does  and it seems like the U.S. is losing share. Where does all this kind of wash out at the end? And does it keep the competitors in Ag Services out longer than we might expect?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yes. Thank you, Eric, for the question. I think, listen, I think the world continues to be  to have a strong demand for grains. And I think that as long as we have good weather, we have good inventories. But the usage is very strong. And I think that we need to continue to plant and to create production because one of these days, we're going to have a surprise, and you will see how the pendulum will swing dramatically. But in terms of adjusting for this scenario of depressed prices and ample stocks, if that was to continue, you see what we're doing in Ag Services. Again, we are reducing our fixed cost in Ag Services to make sure that we get our returns. That's where you see our reduction in invested capital with the announcement that we did this morning in Crop Risk, whether we continue to keep in the commercialization, that relationship with the farmer. But we don't own those assets anymore. We take that invested capital out. So again, we continue to keep our share. We continue to expand outside the U.S. You heard about our investment in the Port of Santos. You heard about our investment in the port of Barcarena in the northern part of Brazil. We haven't been invested last year in the Port of Constanta in Eastern Europe. So we think that the production will continue to grow. And to the extent that we're going to have every now and then a dislocation while we have this strong demand, I think that the industry will be fine, and I think Ag Services will come back to the levels we used to see.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Then just one quick follow-up question. The two things that are in your control in Ag Services division is, number one, for your management, and I'd like a little update of where you sit with all your kind of management disruption in Ag Services, your international  your trading desk. But then also a quick update on your destination marketing, which that's something you can control. You can pick up a higher margin as you pick up customers, pull support post-port. So can you talk a little bit about those two issues?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Sure, Eric, yes. Listen, in international merchandising, what we've been trying to do is again, is reduce our cost per tonne of units traded. So we consolidated offices in Argentina, that is something that we needed to do, that created some redundancy in personnel, and we have some reductions there. We closed our office in South Africa. That was a strategic decision. And we will continue to analyze other offices that whether it makes sense. At this point in time, I think that probably most of our restructuring has been done, so we wouldn't expect anything further. In terms of personnel, as you described, some of these things were very well planned, like the head of the top four, the global trade desk, I'm sorry, the former top four unit. That has been planned for more than a year in which one very experienced trader was basically grooming his succession, and now he's retiring. We have, every year for you to have an idea, we get an input of about 250 people in our commercial merchandising systems, and we continue to develop them and grow them. And over time, they all grow into bigger positions, and some of our most experienced people retire. So that was  I think you shouldn't read that much into that. That was a very planned succession and in nothing reflects the issues that we have with the performance of the global trade desk. So again, the global trade desk is just trying to reduce their cost per tonne of traded materials since the margins are a little bit lower than before. You had a second part of that, I guess, into the global trade desk, do you have another one?
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes, well....
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Destination market.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Destination marketing, yes, sorry for that, yeah.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: So destination marketing has been doing very well. Listen, we are having a dual approach. When we can, we go and acquire some vehicles out there to improve our share. Medsofts was part of that. We acquired half of that, and it's been growing very nicely and giving us very good profit growth. Volume is growing. I think it grew 10%, the volume that we have in destination marketing this quarter. So we're happy with that. And when we don't find a unit like Medsofts where we can increase our equity stake or ownership, we go and open offices. And we have opening offices in Central America. We have been opening offices in Southeast Asia. So it's a lot of work. It's a slow work at times. But we have been seeing the pickup in margins, and we have seen in the increase in share. So we are  continue to relentlessly implement on that.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: All right. Thank you everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Wong with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey gentlemen, thanks for taking my question. I know it's still early, there is a lot of uncertainty. But we're hearing more and more discussion around NAFTA recently, specifically last week. Wanted to know if you can comment on anything your people are hearing in D.C. and then as we've seen more pressure on relationships, what are you kind of doing looking at the potential risk there?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Sorry, Brett, you mentioned about NAFTA?
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yeah.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah, thank you. You came very low there. So listen, there are many issues in the news, and you can obviously have confidence that our teams are deeply involved both in the U.S. and in Mexico on these. I think we are heading towards a discussion about NAFTA. NAFTA has been in place for 23 years. And whether you discuss with the U.S. administration or you discuss with the Mexico administration, there are issues on both sides that they would like to update and modernize NAFTA on. NAFTA has, from our perspective  obviously it's a very important customer, whether we export to Canada, whether we export to Mexico. And I think the administration understands that. And we have a very balanced sweeteners supply and demand, if you will, that needs open trade. And I think that on both sides, whether it's sugar coming this way or high-fructose corn syrup going their way, both industries are very healthy and it's in the best interest of both countries and both industries to continue to negotiate and have discussion. So again, we are at the table. We are helping with data and with our opinion on both sides. And I think that both sides will continue to make progress. And I can't disclose anymore at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thank you. Hey, Juan, I was hoping you can help us understand the order of magnitude as to the growth of destination marketing and its contribution to Ag Services. And maybe offset that with, I suppose, the lower cost per trade that you pointed out in your trading operations because you're restructuring and reducing personnel. It's very hard for me to understand like how much each of these elements contribute to the business, number one. And number two, like is  are you adding cost in destination marketing that are offsetting the savings that you're getting from the trading?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah, let me give you some perspective, Rob, and thank you for the question. On the global trade desk, I wouldn't like to disclose my dollars per tonne of fixed cost because that's competitive information and we benchmark that. And I don't want the number out there. I will say, at this point in time, our reductions are in the tens of millions of dollars, if you will, in terms of the restructuring of that. In terms of destination marketing, when we put together the plan, as you may recall, we described that about 15% of our global trade were going into destination marketing, we're reaching the final customer, and we were planning to move that over five years to 30%. So to kind of to double that, the amount that we were sending there. That was going to increase margins from about, let's say, $2 to $4 per tonne, to maybe something like $8 to $10 per tonne. We saw last year the increase in our volume. What was the increase to volume last year? I don't have it top of mind.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Roughly 1 million tonnes.
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: I think 1 million tonnes. Yeah, and we are seeing this year an extra 10%, that's as of first quarter growing. So that's kind of the pace, if you will. To the extent that it's adding cost, it's adding cost that is included in this $8 to $10 per tonne. So we shouldn't double-count that extra cost, I will say. So I think you should think about adding earnings from the destination marketing volume that is growing and hopefully picking up something like $6 per tonne versus our original FOB trade. And then you have another source of earnings, which is a slight reduction of structural cost in the global trade desk as we improve our footprint there, as we optimize our footprint there. So those will be basically the two numbers you keep in your head.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: You're welcome Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, hi, good morning.
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Morning.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Rather than we beat a dead horse on Ag Services, maybe I'll ask about the recent weather in the Midwest. There is some discussion out there that we might have lost as much as 20% of our wheat crop. We've got parts of Illinois with significant flooding. I know it's only been the past weekend, but could you comment on what this recent weather might or could do, and what kind of conversations you're having with your farmers in the region? Any change in planting intentions? What might be the outcome of all of this in your view?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah, thank you, Ann. Yeah, I was flying yesterday across the area here and you realize how much standing water is there. So, very saturated fields out there. So, I guess, from a corn perspective, we see, we have planted about 34% so far, which is about on top of the average of the last five years. And I'm not sure how much progress we'll be able to make this week until the weather improves. But I think, the farmer in the U.S. have proven that with new machinery they can plant pretty much a lot of crop in a week. In terms of wheat, I think that we received probably some damage over the weekend. And I don't know how to quantify it other than there is the Annual Wheat Tour underway this week. And I think that there people will be assessing damage. Obviously, wheat is a very sturdy crop for drought and dryness, but I'm not sure about the wind and the flooding that  or the rain that we had over the last weekend. In terms of corn planted and soybean planted, as I told you before, about 34% in terms of corn, maybe 10% in terms of soybeans. And I think it's too early to determine any change in acres. So at this point in time, we're sticking with the same numbers and  before until we get new information from the field if there is some new information from the field.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And no change in the plant of acres on the decline in soybean prices since the initial planting intentions?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Not from our perspective, Ann, no.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in line. I appreciate it.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: You're welcome, Ann.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I wanted to go to something you've alluded to in the prepared remarks about lowering the long-term WACC to 7% from 8% previously. And maybe does that change the  is the long-term target still 200 basis points over WACC? So, is it  we're now thinking ROIC can get to 9%, not the 10% previously. And if so, does that imply kind of, I mean, any change in the longer term kind of implied earnings, kind of outlook for the business and maybe the corollary there is the weakness and we talked a lot about Ag Services on this call already. But has the performance in Ag Services this quarter and through this crop year made you revisit kind of the embedded Ag Services' earnings contribute to that $230 million (50:03) that's in your kind of base EPS algorithm?
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Adam, we've reviewed basically the underlying cost of capital model over the past several quarters. And so, we took a hard look at long-term interest rates, equity risk premiums, betas in our model. If you recall, when we established the 8% long-term WACC, that was done back in 2012, 2013, and looking back historically over 20 years. And so, some of those assumptions, frankly, were outdated as we kind of look through these assumptions, we did some benchmarking. And so, once we kind of update our model for, like long-term interest rates, recent long-term interest rates, recent equity risk premiums, we determined that it made sense to update the long-term WACC to 7% from 8%. And a big driver of that was really equity risk premiums, which have come down over time. In terms of what it means, our long-term objective still remains 200 basis points over long-term WACC. So, that  the spread has not changed in terms of how we're targeting the organization for results. In terms of your comment on Ag Services, I mean, naturally, when we set projects and when we look at projects that we're evaluating across all the businesses; there's clearly a spread above even the 200 basis points over the long-term WACC. So, our hurdle rates remain significantly higher in the double-digit areas. And we, frankly  we are not going to really adjust those hurdle rates because, we still believe it makes sense to really drive all the businesses to achieve strong earnings and strong returns. But at least from our perspective, as we kind of think about longer term, what makes sense for our company over a cycle, we do believe like 7%-plus the 200 basis points spread gets you to 9% that over a cycle, we should be achieving about a 9% type of return for this company.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So  but I just want to be clear on that, arithmetically right, you've taken 100 basis points of ROIC, which on your current invested capital base is like $240 million of NOPAT, which is like $0.40 of EPS. In theory, off-the-table, I'm trying to understand what's that  like how that exactly changed if at all or it's just a messaging comparing apples and oranges here?
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: No, we haven't changed our assessment in terms of long-term earnings for the company. And so from our perspective, we still believe that it is important for us to kind of drive this 200 basis point spread over our long-term cost of capital.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. I'll pass it on. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with the Vertical Group. Your line is open.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning. And thanks for taking my question. I have a two-pronged question on farmer-selling. Just wondering, given the recent rally in corn and the devaluation of the real, we've been seeing reports of meaningful acceleration of farmer-selling both here and in Brazil, and we just wonder if you could comment on what you're seeing in recent days in that area.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yes, I think, Heather, thanks for the question. Yeah, what we have seen in both places in South America is this equation. I think that when farmers see a rally or when farmers see a change in the currency that's what we see in the sale. Other than that they are holding to the products. Of course, with these big crops, at one point in time they would have to think about how full they're in  their storage bins are. And as we get further into the harvest, it might prompt more farmer-selling. But at this point in time, we get to one of the weakest farmer-selling rates that we have seen in maybe six years, seven years. So, they are just  sales are picking up at rallies or change in forex.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: So to be more specific, like in the last week or two weeks, we've seen roughly a 2% to 3% increase in corn prices and about a 3% devaluation of real. So, I mean, I know we're still behind a year-ago in the five-year average. But has there been a meaningful pickup in selling there or just or would you call it a slight increase?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: We've seen an increase, but I would not call it meaningful, Heather.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you so much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah, hi. Just wanted to circle back a little bit to the ethanol side of the business. And just, you talked about an optimism on exports and really, do you see that carrying into the outer years? And really, I guess, what is sort of the longer-term impact of this Brazilian tariff given that historically it's been a strong market? So, I just wanted to circle back there longer-term thoughts on ethanol.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah, Michael. Well, Brazil has been a strong market at times and a strong exporter to the U.S. at times. So, we've seen everything in Brazil. I would say, from a long-term perspective, we continue to see markets that really need ethanol for environmental reasons, whether there are some of the Asian countries. And we still see ethanol more than maybe $0.45 per gallon cheaper than MTBE and other alkylates. So, I would say, I think that as long as the U.S. is perceived as being a reliable supplier, we will continue to incorporate new markets. And whether  we haven't touched much of Japan yet, we haven't touched much of Mexico yet. So, I think we still have a long way to grow, and we are seeing growth in our existing countries, whether it's Canada and India, as I said before. And Brazil has been a nice counterbalance for China this year. So, it's dynamic, and every year changes a little bit. But the reality is, this is the cheapest oxygenate in the world, and it will continue to find a place. And we've seen that as the U.S. grows a little bit domestic demand, and we've seen that this 1.1 billion to 1.3 billion-gallon type of ratio that we have today is creating good margins. And we think, as I said in my previous question, that Q2 and Q3 will be very strong. And we do believe that maybe a situation like this with the same seasonality may repeat itself in 2018.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just quick question. When you're saying about high-fructose corn syrup and the negotiations, how important is it the  how much is the exports to Mexico over the last couple of years really tighten up the utilization rates in the U.S.? And if that were to slow, how would that impact you guys in negotiations?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Hey, Ken. So think about it, I think that when  over the last couple of years, the industry has been maybe from a demand perspective, losing 1% per year or sometimes flat. It has been like that. And about 5% of capacity has been taken out of the industry that has tightened up. The U.S. sends about 11% of the total volume to Mexico. But it's also true that the U.S. gets about 1 million ton of sugar, which is about 18% of the sugar Mexican market. So, at this point in time, it's kind of a very balanced there. And I was mentioning the 1% decline in demand because five years ago, we decided that just in case demand decline will accelerate, we will start an aggressive program of what we call Fight for the Grind, so finding new uses for the grind. And we have seen growth in our portfolio of other products different than just high-fructose corn syrup, that has helped also to tighten the market even further because it has given us options, whether it's product for cardboard or other industries that are different than just sweeteners. So, I think we feel that we have optionality if some of these will be impacted. We don't believe that the both countries are going into a trade war, if you will. We think that there's going to be a negotiation. And we think, as I said that flow over the board, there is pretty balance. Again, with 2 billion pounds of high-fructose corn syrup going south and 1.1 million tons of sugar coming north. So, it could impact us. We have optionality. We don't think it's very likely. That will be my summary, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, and good morning, guys. I was thinking about Chinese soy oil consumption and the dynamic that was raised was that consumer concerns over GMO have sort of gotten to the point where regular soy oil is starting to decline in terms of supermarket sales and the consumers are moving towards non-GMO alternatives, whether it's sunflower, peanuts, sesame or what have you. And so I'm just wondering, I guess, two things. One, to what extent is that impacting margins or demand for regular soy oil there from your perspective? And two, what opportunity does it provide for you to service the market with those alternative products, which apparently are selling at pretty good premiums?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah, Vince. There are two dynamics here. One is, maybe the creation of a little bit of a premium market for non-GMO product, maybe like it happening everywhere, and that provides an opportunity, both for ourselves and maybe for some of our partners in the area. On the other hand, there is a big emphasis in the government to try to educate the people about GMO not being an issue. If you are in China and you need to feed the population, you understand that with 6% of the water on 8% of the arable land and 22% of the population, you need all the productivity you can get. And that's one of the reasons that the government is trying to educate the population on the benefits of GMO. So, I think that at this point in time, it's a little bit of a niche market. We will try and take advantage on that. I think that over time, GMO will be pervasive in Asia and in China as they need it to feed the population.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: You're welcome, Vince.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Anderson with Stifel. Your line is open.
Vincent Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to switch gears quickly and ask about the opportunities you see in sort of biomass-based substitutes for traditional petrochemicals. I know it's not new technology, and we have seen some smaller producers stumble recently in trying to get this market off the ground again. But from your perspective, are the major hurdles here more of a scale and reliability of supply issue that somebody of Archer Daniels' size could address? Or is it feedstock economics relative value with your other corn products? But, yeah, is this more of a blue-sky research effort in terms of your overall portfolio, or is there a meaningful contribution that could come from this over the next three years to five years, call it?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah, thank you for the question, Vincent. I think the biggest factor in this is to get a sponsoring customer or on a sponsoring application. I think the technology works. I think the economics could be made to work at this levels of both oil and corn prices. I think that ADM is always in the conversation because of our enormous fermentation available capacity. So, we can bring things to the market faster than other people. So, we are engaged with people that are looking for those optionalities as they try to attach their brands to more renewal of products. This is something that, as I said from a technology perspective, it's not an issue. You got to get the timing right. You don't want to be too early into that, and we have seen what happened with that. So we've been prudent into that. And we try to align ourselves, as I said, with large accounts. And you heard our relationship with DuPont in that space. And we have others in the fire that if those accounts feel that there is a time to launch renewal products into the market, we could do so with our fermentation capacity, absolutely. And it's a little bit of what I described before our efforts into Fight for the Grind. There are things that are more immediate that we're doing right now. There are things like plastics or biomass replacing petroleum plastics that are maybe more hypothetical or in the future, but they are still being looked.
Vincent Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you. And just quickly, would there be, as you think about the most immediate opportunity, would there be any kind of significant capital requirements behind that? I know we're talking hypotheticals here.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah, there are capital mostly in terms of pilot plants and I think adjusted some things. But we have some units that, as we have from the times of the PHA, original things that are available if we wanted to bring them into production. And I don't think they will take a massive amount of capital.
Vincent Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking the follow-up. I have two follow-ups. The first one is just on second quarter ethanol. Juan, you said several times on the call, your optimism. As I look at spot margins right now, they don't actually look very good. So, I'm curious about your confidence in the second quarter. Is ADM hedged and somehow, this is why you've got such good confidence, or is it fundamentally you expect a tick-up in the spot ethanol margins from here for the factors that you previously talked about?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: So, that's the first one or those were the two?
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's the first question, and then I have a follow-up to Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: No worries, no worries. So, let me address a little bit of both. I mean, we hedge a little bit, as we always do. But it's in our confidence about the program we have forward in terms of the orders that we see coming, the export demand that we see. And we believe that, May, we will see a significant drop in inventories. And so, it's a little bit of both, if you will. But we feel that we see in our forecast that Q2 in ethanol will be significantly better than last year, the Q2 last year. David, you said you have another one, please. Have we lost David?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. I guess, I feel like I have to ask this question. Your corporate expense line is now more than double where it was five years ago. And I don't think anyone would pay it much attention if it were accompanied with stronger earnings power and a stronger outlook for earnings power going forward based on the environment of the industry and based on the investments you're making in the returns. But today, you're lowering your ROI  you're essentially lowering your ROIC numbers, which is going to cause several people to have to lower kind of their long-term outlook. I know you're saying that yours is the same. But can maybe you just give us a sense of, to what extent has the doubling up of the headquarters in Chicago and Decatur affected that? To what extent has rising executive comp affected that and then maybe the more meaningful positive ROI investments in IT and capabilities that will improve the business?
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Yeah, a significant part of the increase in terms of unallocated corporate on the management line is related to our investments in IT, the business transformation and R&D and innovation. We've indicated that these are  we view those as related investments. Although again from a GAAP perspective, we classify that as expense. But it's a fairly significant investment. I mean, as you are going to appreciate, one of our priorities is to improve our business processes. And so, we launched this program a couple years ago. And frankly, the run rate of spending as we head into 2017 is actually a fairly significant run rate right now in terms of investments. And so, I think, Rob, that this is actually a very, very important part in terms of our commitment, our investments, in terms of making this company better, particularly in the area of processes. In the area of innovation, frankly, for a company our size, we were under spending in terms of R&D and innovation. And I think what we're doing right now is actually devoting the more of our spending in that area. So WILD Flavors acquisition was actually very, very important because from that acquisition, we actually acquired a lot of innovation centers around the world. And that type of expense actually goes into this line called unallocated corporate as well. When you actually take a look at what I call core central staff costs, and when I say core, I mean this is excluding IT, excluding business transformation, excluding R&D. Our core central staff costs actually are still running at what we call the 2012 levels. I mean, if you recall back in 2012, we went through a restructuring of our central staffs. And so we've actually set our budgets and our cost plans based upon ensuring that our, what I call core central staffs, do not exceed the 2012 levels. And, so, I think it's important to kind of understand that in what I call like true corporate central staff cost, like the functions themselves, like accounting and HR, et cetera, et cetera, we've actually kept a lid on all those costs, where as we have we actually spent more money in terms what I call investments, particularly in business transformation, R&D and innovation. That's where we've seen the increase in. And we think that this is important for this company to make these types of investments at this point in time in order to allow us to be a better company in the future.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks for the color Ray. And the $50 million in run-rate cost savings that you highlight; is that net of this incremental spending in any way or is it just kind of a separate metric?
Ray G. Young - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: That's separate. I mean, that's really related to our operational excellence initiatives there.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Luciano, I will turn the call back over to you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer Daniels Midland Co.: Thank you. Thank you, Scott. Thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any further questions. And have a good day, and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.
Analysts: Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Evan Morris - BofA MERRILL LYNCH Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co. Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Vincent Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President-Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Lindsay. Good morning and welcome to ADM's fourth quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, and company performance, and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update, and discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.75. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $827 million. We capitalized on an improved environment, delivering stronger fourth quarter performance after working through difficult market conditions earlier in the year. Ag Services saw strong results in North America and weak results from the global trade desk. The Corn business delivered a good quarter led by sweeteners and starches, and saw solid results from bioproducts. Oilseeds results were comparable to last year, despite lower global crush margins. In WFSI, WILD Flavors continued to deliver earnings growth, while some of our specialty ingredients businesses faced challenges, which we are addressing. We have continued to take important steps to advance our strategic plan by completing additional acquisitions, organic growth projects and portfolio management actions; exceeding our 2016 target for run-rate cost savings; and progressing in our efforts to reduce capital intensity. In line with our balanced capital allocation framework, we returned $1.7 billion to shareholders in dividends and share buybacks during the year. With expected improvements across all of our businesses throughout the year and additional contributions from recent projects and new facilities as they ramp up, we are optimistic about improving results throughout 2017. With these expectations in mind, the board has approved an increase to our quarterly dividend rate of approximately 7% to $0.32 per share. I provide more detail on our results later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thanks, Juan. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.75, up from the $0.65 last year. Excluding specified items, adjusted operating profit was $827 million, up $194 million from the year-ago quarter. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 32% compared to negative 2% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Our tax rate was significantly higher this fourth quarter compared to last year due to the geographic mix of earnings as well as approximately $18 million of discrete tax expenses in 2016 compared to approximately $100 million of discrete tax benefit in 2015, which were a result of portfolio management actions taken in the year-ago quarter. This fourth quarter also includes $18 million of additional tax expense related to truing up the first three quarters of the year to the final year-end 2016 effective rate. This true-up had a negative impact on both reported and adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter of $0.03 per share. Our trailing four-quarter average ROIC of 5.9% is down by 150 basis points from the 7.4% at the end of the fourth quarter last year. The adjusted ROIC is below our 6.6% annual WACC for 2016. Our ROIC has started to improve following the challenging operating conditions that we experienced during the latter part of 2015 and the first half of 2016. On chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.73 to the adjusted earnings of $0.75 per share. For this quarter, we had a $0.03 per share charge related to asset impairments, restructurings and settlements, a $0.04 per share OPEB curtailment gain in corporate and certain discrete tax expenses not related to the current year earnings of $0.03 per share, including valuation allowances on net operating losses and tax credits. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary in the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the unique items impacting our quarterly results. In all four businesses, we had some small charges related to impairments and restructurings. In the corporate line, net interest expense was up modestly due to higher interest rates on short-term debt and the issuance of a new fixed-rate debt in August of this year. Unallocated corporate costs of $132 million were up versus the prior year and slightly higher than the run-rate for previous quarters, primarily due to an approximately $20 million investment in a corporate initiative that created an equivalent offset or reduction to our income tax expense for the quarter. Minority interest and other includes a $38 million OPEB curtailment gain, related to changes to the U.S. retiree medical program. Turning to the cash flow statement on slide 6, we generated $2.1 billion from operations before working capital changes during the period, slightly lower than the prior year. Total capital spending for the year was $882 million, down from the prior year's $1.1 billion and consistent with our guidance last quarter that CapEx for the year would be below $1 billion. Acquisitions of $130 million in 2016 include Harvest Innovations, our Moroccan corn processing facility, the Medsofts joint venture and Caterina Foods. The other investing activities line of cash flow statement includes the incremental investments we made in the Wilmar, less proceeds from divestitures and asset sales, such as our Brazilian sugar ethanol operation. The proceeds from our sale of the GrainCorp shares are reflected in the marketable securities line. During the year, we spent about $1 billion to repurchase shares, consistent with our prior guidance. Our average share count for the year was 591 million diluted shares outstanding, down 30 million from this time one year ago. At the end of the year, we had 581 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Our total return of capital to shareholders, including dividends was $1.7 billion for the year. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. Our balance sheet remains strong. Our operating working capital of $7.4 billion was up slightly from the year-ago period. Total debt was about $6.9 billion resulting in a net debt balance that is debt less cash of $6 billion. Our leverage position remains comfortable with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 26%. Our shareholder's equity of $17.2 billion was down slightly from the $17.9 billion level last year, due to returns of capital and changes in the cumulative translation account. We had $5.8 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of December. If you add available cash, we had access to $6.7 billion of short-term liquidity. Before I turn it over to Juan, I'd like to comment on some of the key corporate assumptions for 2017. We expect net interest expense to average about $80 million per quarter, due to slightly higher interest rates. Unallocated corporate costs should average about $140 million per quarter, as we invest more in R&D, innovation and business transformation. We expect our tax rate to be between 27% and 29%, consistent with our normalized rates in recent years. Share repurchases should be in a range of $1 billion to $1.5 billion, subject to strategic capital requirements, which means our average share count for 2017 should be somewhere between the 565 million and 570 million shares. And we're planning capital spending to be in a range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. Next, Juan will take us through a review of business performance.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thanks, Ray. Please turn to slide 8. In the fourth quarter, we earned $827 million of operating profit excluding specified items, up from $633 million in the last year's fourth quarter. On the third quarter earnings call, we talked about how some of the challenging conditions we saw in the first half of 2016 had begun to subside. That trend continued in the fourth quarter, and we saw the benefits of our actions we have been taking to improve operational performance in certain parts of the business. As a result, fourth quarter adjusted segment operating profit was up over 30% versus the year-ago quarter. Looking at our full-year results, our adjusted segment operating profit is down just over 10% from 2015. Therefore, when we look at our earnings trend compared to 2015, we have seen our results improve throughout the year due to a combination of market conditions and the benefits of our actions. Now, I will review the performance of each segment. Starting on slide 9, Ag Services results were up year over year, as the business continued to benefit from the competitiveness of U.S. crops. Merchandising and handling results were up over the prior-year quarter. The North American team capitalized on strong global demand for U.S. commodities in an improved market environment. Our global trade desk reported a loss for the quarter. The transportation team performed well, showing the benefits of good execution and the strength of our integrated transportation model in a challenging market environment where North American freight rates were low. Milling and Other had another strong quarter, driven by solid product margins, including wheat merchandising and handling income and sales volume. As previously mentioned, the global trade desk had a disappointing quarter, and we are instituting a vigorous series of additional actions to improve the results of our international merchandising. We created the global trade desk in 2015 to better align our international merchandising and help drive higher merchandise volumes, and we saw a solid 2015 as a result. Since then, we have seen some changes in the marketplace that required us to adjust our approach. In late 2016, we exited energy trading, consolidated in certain regions, and made some personnel changes as well. We believe this will lead to a strong and focused operation that will yield improved results as we move through 2017. Please turn to slide 10. Corn Processing again showed strong results. The sweeteners and starches team turned in a strong performance, with results up as the group capped off an exceptionally strong year for the business. Growth in volumes both in North America and internationally, ongoing production efficiency improvements, and lower raw material costs all contributed to good margins for the quarter. Our actions to expand the corn business's global footprint are continuing to show results. The former Eaststarch assets that we acquired in Central and Eastern Europe were strong contributors. We are continuing to expand geographically. This quarter we announced significant expansions of our facilities in Turkey and Bulgaria. The bioproducts team also ended the year strong, up significantly over the year-ago quarter due to production efficiency improvements, strong domestic and export ethanol demand, better overall volumes, and solid margins through most of the quarter. Animal Nutrition posted improved results, in part due to operational improvements in the company's lysine production processes, which were implemented primarily in the first half of 2016. Slide 11, please, oilseeds results were relatively weak for the fourth quarter, which is typically one of the strongest quarters of the year. Our crushing and origination results declined from the year-ago quarter. While global soybean crush margins were more stable throughout the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to 2015, we continued to see ample supplies of alternative proteins competing with soybean meal in the global market, keeping margins constrained despite a relatively healthy global demand environment. In Brazil, we continued to deal with the short crop, limiting volume flowing through our assets as well as margins. Farmers were less aggressive selling their new-crop soybeans, which resulted in lower new-crop ownership versus last year. Softseeds performance improved due to higher volumes and margins, driven by more favorable seed supply and better demand for oil as well as utilization of our flex capacity. Refining, packaging, biodiesel, and other results were comparable to the year-ago quarter. However, it's important to note that the prior-year quarter includes $34 million in blenders tax credit attributable to previous 2015 quarters. Biodiesel demand was strong globally, particularly towards the end of the quarter, and margins were healthy ahead of the expiration of the blenders credit at the end of the year. Results in Asia significantly improved over the prior-year quarter, reflecting increased ownership and improved results from Wilmar, which => recovered well from its second fiscal quarter loss. On slide 12, WFSI results were down for the quarter. The WILD Flavors team turned in a solid quarter. Strong earnings growth in North America, Asia-Pacific, EMEA, and from Eatem Foods offset weaknesses from the Latin Americas business. Results from specialty ingredients continued to be weak. We saw ongoing market softness in hydrocolloids and fibers. We were dealing with the effects of a short crop in edible beans, and we continued to address operational challenges in the Specialty Commodities business. When I look at the second full year of our WFSI business, I continue to see encouraging progress as we're building this new integrated platform. We have been very pleased with the performance from the WILD Flavors business during 2016, with revenue growing around 9% on ForEx adjusted basis and with operating profit growing more than 20% versus 2015, resulting in another record year in profitability. Our specialty proteins and oils groups were solid contributors to the business as well. We saw some weaknesses in a few of our businesses for the year: weaker demand for fibers and hydrocolloids; lower results in our edible beans business; and disappointing performance in our SCI business. And we did have some significant startup costs related to the Campo Grande, Tianjin Fibersol and Omega-3 project this year; that also impacted earnings. On our last call, we discussed our plans to reorganize SCI into other areas of the company. Since then, we have moved aggressively to advance those plans. The products we gained with the SCI acquisition, represent important additions to our portfolio. And as we said last quarter, we believe these realignments will result in a business that is more effective at meeting customer needs, achieving synergies and improving performance in 2017. Now on slide 13, I would like to update you on how we continue to strengthen and grow our company. We've highlighted some of the areas in which we made significant progress. I'll discuss a few. In the area of optimization, we achieved almost $700 million of monetizations. Included in that total is $285 million resulting from the December sale of our 19.9% equity stake in GrainCorp. And just last week we announced the sale of our Crop Risk Services business for $127.5 million, which we expect will close in the first half of the year. Thanks to these and other actions, we are well on our way to achieving our $1 billion target over two years. With respect to our ethanol dry mills, we have evaluated the proposals received to-date. I have determined they will not deliver enough value for our shareholders. We continue to talk with interested parties and evaluate our various options. In the area of operational excellence, we implemented more than $300 million of new run rate cost savings actions through the fourth quarter exceeding our target of $275 million for 2016. Some of our most significant accomplishments in the area of operational excellence include energy efficiencies, processing technology improvements, yield improvements, and important procurement and maintenance initiatives. In the area of strategic growth, we completed the expansion of our oilseeds facility in Ukraine, almost doubling the plant's sunflower seed processing capacity. We have completed our acquisition of pet treat manufacturer Crosswind Industries, and also announced in the fourth quarter the construction of two new state-of-the-art plants for our animal nutrition business. We are completely in the construction phase of our Campo Grande complex and Tianjin fiber facility, and expect to see increasing contributions from them over the course of 2017. These are just a few of the recent highlights. And as always, we'll continue to update you on our progress each quarter. So before we take your questions, I wanted to offer some additional forward perspectives. As we look forward what is clear is that some of the most important drivers of future performance are in our own hands. We are aggressively implementing measures to improve results through 2017, and we're expecting increased contributions from new facilities and projects as they ramp-up during the year. Combined, with our current outlook for market conditions, we are optimistic that we will see improvements across all of our businesses in the year, which give us confidence for much stronger results in 2017. We anticipate significantly improved performance from Ag Services versus the year-ago quarter. Unlike the first quarter of 2016, we expect U.S. exports for both corn and beans to be competitive throughout the first quarter. Low freight rates compared to the year ago period will contribute to a challenged environment for North American transportation. In addition, global trade desk results will remain muted in the first quarter, due to lack of merchandising opportunities. More broadly, for 2017, we expect an improved operating environment for Ag Services over 2016. Grain carries are developing in North America, global demand for grain is strong and we are continuing to implement changes for the global trade desk to improve performance throughout the year. In addition, we are continuing to drive increased volumes by expanding our supply chain direct to the customer. Overall, we expect performance in Ag Services in calendar year 2017 to be significantly better than 2016 and better than 2015. We see a significant year-over-year improvement for corn in the first quarter, particularly in our ethanol and lysine businesses. Sweeteners and starches will continue to benefit in the first quarter from solid demand and flexibility of our wet mills as well as increased pricing. For 2017 as a whole, we will see increasing contributions from the investments we have made, including our international operations in Europe and China, as well as recent acquisitions, such as Crosswinds. We believe ethanol margins are likely to improve throughout the year, resulting in average margins for the calendar year, similar or slightly better than 2016. And the operational improvements we have made in our lysine business should contribute to results despite a continued challenging lysine pricing environment. For the year, we anticipate our corn segment results to be significantly higher than 2016 and potentially approaching the $1 billion level that we have achieved in the past. As part of diversifying our corn grind, we are continuing to look at innovative ways to expand our portfolio. Consumers today are increasingly turning to novel ingredients to strengthen immunity and prevent disease, and we are continually exploring opportunities to add such ingredients to our portfolio. When we look at the first quarter for oilseeds, we see similar results to the year-ago quarter, despite the early plantings, the timing of the Brazil harvest will not be as early as some had expected. Competing proteins on a global level are continuing to impact soybean meal for the quarter. And softseed margins had improved from the first quarter of 2016. For the year, we expect to see stronger results from South America. We've anticipated larger soybean and corn crops in Brazil, as well as increasing global demand for protein meal and feed wheat clearing by the second quarter. We do have potential risks related to the U.S. biodiesel business with uncertainty around the renewal of the tax credit. Assuming a more normal earnings contribution from our increased ownership stake in Wilmar, we expect oilseeds performance for 2017 to be much stronger than 2016, though likely not as strong as we saw in 2015. We are anticipating a slight improvement in our WFSI business result in the first quarter of 2017 versus the same quarter last year, including an improved performance from the former Specialty Commodities business. So the Tianjin and Campo Grande facilities will be in a start-up mode in the first quarter, and we will have some start-up related costs impacting our first quarter. For the year, we see ongoing improvements due to the Specialty Commodities reorganization, as well as increased contributions as production at our new Campo Grande and Tianjin facilities ramp up throughout the year. Thus in 2017, WFSI is expected to show very strong year-over-year growth and exceed its performance in 2015. So in looking forward, we also of course take into account external factors. We're evaluating how the new administration policies are likely to impact us, and we're encouraged by such priorities as regulatory and tax reform and infrastructure investment. Ultimately, we remain confident about the year. Taking together, the actions we have taken across all businesses and the contributions from new facilities and acquisitions, along with improving market dynamics will yield a significant increase in profitability and returns in 2017. With that, Lindsay, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah, thank you for taking the question. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. The  I'll start off with the question that, I think, is on everybody's mind, and would appreciate any of your thoughts, the question is, there's lot of talk coming out of Washington with regarding trade, mostly with Mexico, but then, it then also goes to China and other places. And could you give us a brief insight as to how ADM would scenario-plan if the borders were closed, in any way, shape or form with Mexico or other countries? And then, maybe even specifically with that, Juan, what that may have as impact on HFCS pricing in that scenario planning if those borders seem to shut down in one way, shape or form?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you, Eric. So, obviously, there is a lot of speculation here, and it's rather premature. I mean, when you look at the cabinet and the appointees working through their confirmation process, little has happened and mostly speculation until we can engage at the technical level with the different offices. Going through your specifics about high fructose corn syrup, let me say that we're very optimistic still about our outlook for sweeteners and starches in 2017. We are very pleased with our strategy. Our strategy, Eric, if you remember about geographic expansion that we've been into Eastern Europe, North Africa and China, they fight for the grind and the operational excellence gives us plenty of optionality and we feel very good about that. So, I've spent time in Washington, I've spent time in Mexico, I can tell you, obviously, NAFTA has served the agricultural industry well for the last 20 years. But I was  I will argue that both teams will recognize that after 20 years, there is room for improving NAFTA and there are some considerations that could be taken. So, from there to closing the borders and maybe you referred, we think that that's a big leap. But in our scenarios, as you described, if we were to have a lot of disruptions at the border, the way we tend to think about again based on our optionality are three ways, if you will. The first one is there are 2 billion pounds of high fructose corn syrup going south into Mexico, but there are also 3 billion pounds of sugar coming north into the U.S. So you will argue that this  that very permeable border was to stop, we will have an opportunity to reposition some of the high fructose corn syrup not going into Mexico, to replace some of the sugar not coming into the United States. The second thing that we have is our ability to shift some of the production in our wet mills through the fight for the grind that we started four or five years ago. You noticed that the sweeteners business this year had grew volume, revenue and profits versus last year and is part of that because of the operational improvements but also because of the fight for the grind. So we feel good about our ability to shift and redeploy some of that. The third one is we always have the ability to rebalance our supply and demand. So I would say we don't think that an imminent trade war is there. We think that we're going to talk with our partners in Mexico and we're probably going to modernize NAFTA. But even if the worst came to happen, we think that we still have a very positive 2017 ahead of us and we have many levers from our strategy that provide optionality for us, so continue to be positive about 2017 in high fructose corn syrup.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is now open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thank you and good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, David.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I wanted to ask my question to focus on ethanol. Can you comment just with a little bit more detail on your views on ethanol in 2017? And specifically, can you just address a couple of things? Can you address your thoughts on supply and demand balance? And how tight does 2017 look to you? Could you give us your export forecast for ethanol? And then on ethanol margins, Juan, I think you gave some very good color in your concluding comments. But just to be clear, I think you said ethanol and lysine would be up significantly in the first quarter. But you then said that ethanol margins might be similar to better versus 2016. Could you just explain that a little more? The first half of 2016 was very weak for you guys. So I'm surprised that there is a condition where ethanol margins could be similar.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay, David, let me take the several parts of your question. So we feel good in general about 2017 for ethanol. We're expecting total demand in the mid-15 billion-gallon range, with continued strong domestic demand. Probably we're thinking gasoline up 1%  1.5% for the year. So that's about 144 billion to 145 billion gallons give or take. Our forecast for exports into 2017 is in the range of 1 billion to 1.2 billion-gallon level, so 1 billion to 1.2 billion gallons. Ethanol continues to be competitive and continues to be open in market. And certainly, we don't see any imports from Brazil this year. So if you want to build a scenario, it's about 14.5 billion gallons domestic demand, 1 billion to 1.2 billion in exports. But today, with the current prices of ethanol, ethanol is about $0.15 per gallon cheaper than MTBE or other oxygenates. So we see no competition that we can think of from Brazil from the sugarcane ethanol, and we're starting the year with a strong export program. So I will say exports going to Canada, Brazil, India, UAE, even if you consider China questionable about exports, which you'll probably ask a follow-up question, we think that that could impact about 100 million gallons, and we still don't see that changing the forecast. When we look at the first quarter, it certainly looks like the first quarter better than the first quarter last year. When we look at the whole year maybe, it's maybe a little bit less visibility, and we wanted to reflect that overall we've seen improvement in margins over the previous year, but a lot of things happen. If you look at 2016, it was a tale of two halves. The first half was significantly different to the second half. We expect some of that to happen as well, but this is a very volatile environment. So we are positive about ethanol in 2017 for the reasons I've described. I think that supply/demand will be tightened.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Jones with The Vertical Group. Your line is now open.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. Going back to your comment about, as far as the potential sale of the ethanol assets, do you think that's something that you would revisit once there becomes greater clarity on the regulatory front?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, Heather, it's Ray here. Yes, indeed we are still talking with different parties regarding these ethanol assets. We are also looking at some different structures, frankly as we think about tax reform coming in the United States, it does actually open up some different considerations as well in terms of how to structure the transaction because we've been looking effectively at some tax restructures. And if there is tax reform and if the corporate tax rate does come down, it does open up the avenue for us to look at some other mechanisms in order to look towards monetizing these assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thank you. Ray, can I ask about the forecast for the corn segment to be up I think you said $1 billion this year, which would be a big increase? Is it your expectation that your pricing on corn sweeteners is higher year over year? And have you seen any reports of reductions in tolling rates just over the last month or so that would potentially impact the pricing that you have in your business or your ability to negotiate prices at the end of the year? Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Rob, this is Juan here. How are you?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: As I said before, we feel very strong about our 2017 sweeteners and starches. We had a strong 2016. And when we look at the pricing scenario, I believe that happened to us where we can report after the negotiations is that we've been single-digit up versus 2016. So our forecast for 2017 is for improved margins and improved overall operating profit in the whole sweeteners and starches business, so we're still positive about it. And we haven't seen any evidence in our own business of any decline in prices as you describe.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: And when we talk about approaching $1 billion, we see improvements in sweeteners and starches both in North America as well as international. We see improvements in the lysine business based on the operational improvements that we have, and we also do see improvements, on price some small improvements in terms of the ethanol, as we talked about earlier. So when you add it all together, that's the reason why we're fairly constructive about our outlook for the Corn segment in 2017.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think, Rob, if I can add, I think something that will surprise people is, volume has been strong for us. If we look at what happened to us in Q4, volume is up 4% versus last year. And overall in 2016, our volumes are up 6%. So this is a tight industry and our volumes continue to grow. So you see that into pricing. So we really are very positive about it. The whole sweeteners and starches business is strong with many, many products, including the sweeteners.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Morris with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Evan Morris - BofA MERRILL LYNCH: Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Evan.
Mark Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Morris - BofA MERRILL LYNCH: Just a question on the outlook and, Juan, I appreciate a lot of the color and certainly the context that you put around sort of framing better than one year or better than another year for the particular segment. I guess if I think about this in totality as the year shapes up as I look at the components, is this 2017 shaping up to be similar to, let's say, 2014 from an operating profit standpoint. If you could just kind of frame in totality how you see the year shaping up, and again, using a reference point of another year like you did with some of the segments?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. If I have to handicap, obviously, I gave it to you by segment. If I need to put everything together in my head, certainly 2017 will be better than 2016, not a big achievement. Certainly, we think it's going to be better than 2015. We may not get to the levels in 2014.
Evan Morris - BofA MERRILL LYNCH: Okay, perfect. That's helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Thank you. Could you talk about just the general changes that are being discussed with the new administration? As you look internally, I know a lot of it is speculation and I don't want you to comment on speculations. But as you contemplate your businesses, is there anything that is really concerning to management versus, gee, anything that will be really positive, like a border tax might be great or stronger dollar will be negative? And then if you could talk about, would there be any impact to your outlook, especially for Ag Services, if we get a big swing in planted acres to beans this spring and away from corn? Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome. Good morning, Ann. Listen, as I mentioned, there is a lot of speculation, early days, but we see some undeniable positives potentially for ADM in the new administration, which in partnership with a Republican Congress, if they carry through with their plans for tax reform, for investment in infrastructure, sensible regulation. So if they do what they say, or at least what we hear in those areas, it will significantly benefit ADM and our shareholders, and probably the economy as a whole in that sense. On the other hand, we've been watching carefully, as everybody, at the administration statements, whether they are on trade. But we're optimistic that in the end that President Trump and his senior advisors, whenever they are confirmed, will recognize that trading agricultural commodities has tremendous benefits for framers and other businesses in the heartland states. And so when we're looking at employment and all that, we're a big part of that. So, in balance, we're cautiously optimistic given the priorities that the government has delineated in their early days.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is now open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Just a question about sort of the earnings power of ADM, can you share with us, one, what you think a base earnings level is for ADM? And perhaps what some of your projects could add, for example, Tianjin, Eaststarch, specialty starch restructuring, kind of the doubling of capacity in your Eastern European plants that you've assessed. If you could lay out your growth projects and what you expect that to deliver over time that would be really helpful.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Sure. Thank you, Farha. Farha, we haven't deviated from our original framework that we defined to our investors maybe a couple of years ago, with a $1.00 to $1.50 and the four pillars. Let me walk through some of those four pillars. One was operational excellence and you heard us every year put a target out there. Last year we put a target of $275 million run rate and we delivered north of $300 million. So we've been beating those and we may continue to make our company more efficient, more productive in that sense. So that bucket, I will say, we continue to achieve that bucket. The second bucket is coming from WILD Flavors. WILD Flavors have been spectacular over the last two years. The things I look into WILD Flavors, the things in which I look to control if we're doing a good job is we need to grow faster than the industry. Last year, revenue growth was about 9%. So, I would say, if you look at the food and beverage industry, it's very difficult to find even a customer that grew at that level. So they've done very well. Then when we look at EBITDA margin on sales, they increased EBITDA margin from sales from one year to the other. And they basically grew profits by 20%, setting a second consecutive record. So my second bucket. So the first bucket, operational excellence, we've demonstrated expertise. Second bucket, WILD Flavors, we demonstrated two consecutive years of record double-digit OP performance and growing faster than the industry. So we feel good about that. The third bucket was about many of these projects that you hear us launching or coming to operations every quarter. Now we have two, one very large specialty proteins project in Brazil to provide globally to the growth in specialty proteins and vegetable proteins worldwide. We used to have only one source of product from United States that sometimes when the U.S. dollar was very strong, restricted our ability to be competitive in export markets. Now with another leg of our strategy in Brazil that will provide over time significant profitability. We have also expanded the corn business from being mostly a North American business to now having a big position in Europe with Eaststarch and that has been very, very robust and very, very good profits in 2016, and we are expanding both of those facilities, and we also created that plant in Tianjin in China. And we have in that bucket more than 10 projects. I'm just highlighting some of them. So we feel good about these projects. Listen, some of the projects may be a little bit more in the tail end of our forecasted period just because you need to ramp up. Normally the first year in a project you are driving for capacity utilization, so what we call selling out the plant. So Tianjin, for example, last year it ran at about 50% as we qualified all the customers. This year it's going to run more about 75% or north of that. And as we finished with the sell-out, if you will, in 2018 we're going to evolve more into the sell-up going into higher margins. So you have that ramp-up. But we feel good about the projects we finished. Overall, most of the project is under budget, slightly maybe delays because of some of the geographies were complicating geographies for us, but all of them under budget. So we feel good about the project, we feel good about that bucket in general. And the fourth bucket was basically buybacks and some growth opportunities. And we continue to redeploy funds to shareholders  to return funds to shareholders, something in the range of a $1 billion, something $1.5 billion. So we feel good about those four that will provide $1.00 to a $1.50. And we're looking at the base that we always talk about that base and that base shrank in the past and we have seen some recovery. And at this point, we probably think we're going to recover something around 70% to 80% of that base on the same basis. And there are other products, other initiatives that are going to bring further improvements or drive earnings into the business. So, I think, we have a very rich platform of initiative, of self-help. So when we look at 2017, we always face the year with a lot of uncertainties because it's volatile environment, we're a global company, and we're exposed to a lot of things, but our plan for 2017 is very rich in things that are our under control. So are we going to be able to, with these things, offset every potential scenario? Probably not, but we feel very comfortable that we have enough weapons there to predict that we're going to grow earnings over 2016 and probably over 2015 as well. Hope that helps.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That is helpful. I just want to confirm, so your last comment was that your base earnings was $2.30 to $2.40 and that you plan to add about $1.00 to $1.50 to that base by late 2017, early 2018 run rate. Are you reaffirming that today?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: What I said, Farha, was that we still believe in the $1.00 to $1.50 adding to the base. What we saw in the base is that the base dropped...
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: ...to that level that you described, and what I see is that in the medium-term that base will recover probably 70% of what we lost in that base. And then to that recovery over time, you need to add the $1.00 to $1.50 in a couple of years and that creates the picture of what we're looking in the future.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Wong of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great, thank you. Thanks for taking my question. I'm just wondering. Farmers have been holding more and more grains, as we clearly see in the Grain Stocks report. Can you just talk about grain movements in 2017, and what you expect there, and why farmers in the U.S. will need to move grain this year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I couldn't hear very well, but I think it's about farmer selling. If it's about farmer selling, I will try to answer that, you didn't sound very...
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yes.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Is that? Okay, good.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yes, exactly.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: So farmer selling, let me tell you what we're seeing. Certainly, if I look at Argentina, Brazil, in South America we're seeing farmer being reluctant sellers and they're betting on their currencies to drop. We had this past week actually decent selling in Argentina, but in general, I would say, they've been reluctant sellers. We probably see more selling as harvest picks up. In Brazil, I will say, if you were in Mato Grosso, the farmers that are further ahead in collecting their crops are more concentrating on harvesting the crop between rains. It's been raining a lot, so every time there is a good day, they do that more than just in commercializing the crop. But, as I said, I think the farmer selling will be tough with the harvest as it usually does. In North America, we estimate that the farmers have sold something in the range of 80% of their old crop, beans, and about half of that 40% of the old crop corn. So the farmer as he is holding to his corn probably thinking that it's a little bit cheap. Also sometimes they see that corn tends to spike a little bit in price traditionally maybe in April and May when people get concerned about the weather. I would say our sample in the U.S. farmer seems to be relatively okay. From a financing perspective, they have sold their beans and they'll be getting a check from the government and they're holding to their corn to be sold later on. That's probably what I'd characterize farmer selling at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, I just wanted to look at Ag Services a little bit. So since the Analyst Day, Ag Services, may not have delivered exactly as expected relative to your expectations. Over the last couple weeks, last month or so, we've seen a fair bit of changes in personnel. Can you talk about what actions ADM is actually taking? Can you talk about what the earnings potential is and how will the shift towards trade to South America affect the outlook for this year and beyond?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Ken. So listen, Q4 for Ag Services was  we saw good volumes, actually good loadings from the U.S. assets. Margins were okay, not great. I will say the biggest delta and that's why we highlighted on that was the global trade desk. And the global trade desk is suffering from  I mean, there is an environment of very ample stocks. So on the supply side, there are, as I said, ample stocks and margins have been squeezed. We didn't have a lot of dislocations to play with. And so when you have an environment of very low margin, you don't have enough profitability to offset some issues in execution and you need to tighten up what you're doing. So we've been looking at potential good weather for 2017 that create a build in stock. So we foresee that probably the lack of opportunities could continue into 2017, and we wanted to make sure that we are equipped to handle that better than what we did in 2016. So we've been refocusing the team. We've been touching about everything. When we look at our businesses and we analyze, and I've said this before, we look at industry structure, we look at our competitive position, and we look at our own execution based on the team. So we're trying to address all those things, so we have narrowed our focus, so we exited energy, for example, trading, late last year. We've been looking at our competitive position. So our cost, we've been consolidating offices, we've been looking at trading more around our assets. That's something that we can defend our profitability a little bit more. And certainly as we look at reducing our cost and reducing our people in general, we've taken decisions on people across the scale, and some of those were more higher-level people and others more general in terms of cost reduction. So we think that we have addressed the focus on trying to stay in the places where we can have the strongest competitive advantage. We think that the team is more focused, more competitive, and we have addressed the team itself. So we believe that heading into 2017, the team is more confident about their focus, their strength, their competitiveness, and we should obtain better results than 2016. We've done this before. If you look at 2015 numbers after we made some adjustments, we had a very good 2015. But then, as I said before, some of the margin squeeze that happened in 2016 put in evidence some of the issues we had in terms of execution. We also have to remember that part of the Ag Services business is looking at destination marketing, focusing on end-to-end businesses from the farmer to the end customer. We have nice growth of that activity in 2016, and we're expecting to extend our  we did Medsofts and we did many other opening of facilities or offices, and we're expecting to grow that volume in 2017 by another 10%. So overall, we feel good about all the things that Ag Services is doing to come back from a period of low profitability for a couple of years.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Anderson with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Vincent Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to dig into capital allocation for 2017, with your outlook for improving base earnings across your operations. Share price is reasonably strong, the decision for $1 billion to $1.5 billion of share buybacks when you expect global processing to be at a trough. Salk me through why maybe not more M&A and more specifically, what your priority is for increasing your stake in Wilmar?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think if you recall, the $1 billion to $1.5 billion range is both subject to strategic capital allocation. So in that respect, to the extent that we find that there are opportunities for us to redeploy capital for our shareholders that makes more sense in terms of a strategic transaction, then we will. We'll reduce the amount that we buy back, and we'll redeploy that amount towards acquisitions. Remember our capital allocation framework was roughly 30% of the cash flows would go towards CapEx and about 70% will go towards strategic M&A and/or buybacks. So therefore, we are going to follow that framework. With respect to Wilmar, you've seen us increase steadily our stake in Wilmar. We've been opportunistic about that. We've increased our stake and taking advantage of pullbacks in terms of share price. We haven't paid consistent with book value. So we've been very careful in terms of how we increase our stake in Wilmar, which we believe is a very important strategic partner and frankly a very important part of our Asia and emerging marketplace. So at the current level, which is about 23.9%, we feel fairly comfortable. Will we increase further in 2016 (sic) [2017]? It will be a function of whether we believe there's an opportunity for us to pick up the shares at an attractive price. So again, we'll just monitor the market, take a look at our cash flows, take a look at how we're deploying capital, and then make decisions as we move through the course of the year.
Vincent Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleaveland Research. Your line is now open.
Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi, yes. This is Mike Henry in for Mike Piken. Thanks for taking my question. Just was wondering if you guys could talk to a little bit of the impact, if you saw any, from the higher U.S. dollar in each of your businesses and how that's baked into your expectations going forward into 2017 as well. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, so we saw it in our export businesses. Obviously, we saw it early on in 2016 in Ag Services, and we also saw it in Specialty Ingredients. One of the businesses that grew a lot in exports over the previous years has been the Specialty Proteins business. Remember, I reflected on the fact that we have only one plant in the U.S., while we're bringing Campo Grande in Brazil, and that business was impacted by the strong dollar. So at this point in time, we have planned for a strong dollar to continue, if you will, in our assumptions going forward. So we don't expect a big reprieve from that.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You also have to remember that when you talk about strong dollar, you have to talk about what the currency pair is because a lot of people kind of focus on the dollar versus the euro, but when you actually look at versus the Brazilian reais...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Or the Argentine peso.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: ...or the Argentine peso, a year ago at this call, the reais was trading at BRL 4 to the dollar. Right now it's trading at BRL 3.1. So the reais has actually strengthened. When you take a look at versus the Russian ruble or Ukrainian hryvnia, again crop growing regions, those currencies actually strengthened versus the dollar. So we just have to be careful when we talk about the strength of the dollar. Yes, generally, there's a trend towards a strengthening dollar. But relative to a lot, the crop-growing regions of the world, over the past 12 months we've actually seen those currencies strengthen relative to the dollar. So I just want to make sure that there's a balanced perspective when we talk about the currency here.
Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks, and thanks for squeezing me in this morning. Maybe going to oilseeds, the market environment in the fourth quarter and the outlook for the first quarter is fairly sluggish. And I'm just trying to maybe get some regional differentiation there, U.S., Europe, Brazil, soy versus softseed? And then also in the refining biodiesel business, can you talk about how much of 2016, how much biodiesel blender's credit was in the 2016 numbers and your thoughts on that portion of the business into 2017, which seems like a much more uncertain kind of outlook? Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay, Adam, Juan here. How are you? So when we look at  if I have to  since we haven't spoken about oilseeds yet. If I talked about Q4, Q4 we saw North American probably a little bit better than our forecast, Europe in line and South America, a little bit worse. So, remember that South America for us includes the grain part, and obviously we suffered a little bit with lower volumes as we didn't have a big crop. When we look at Q1, in general, going back to Q4 and last year, our volumes were normal, were solid. Our margins dropped in Q4 and mostly because we were making room for all these alternative proteins, whether it's feed wheat or whether it's DDGs. So, we expect the feed wheat would probably be competitive until second quarter and we will be eliminating all those stocks, as the year go by. When we looked at Q1 and 2017, we continue to see good demand. We see U.S. utilization in the mid-80%s. We still see gross margins have weakened, maybe to $15 to $20 per ton. Softseed, right now, still not great, this is the slow time of the year, for biodiesel traditionally it is. In Brazil we see crush margins $10 to $20 per ton for domestic margins. Margin should pick up as the harvest picks up this time of the year. In Europe, mill consumption remained slow, if you will, and there is a lot of cheap feed wheat. So we shifted now to using more rapeseed in our crush, you know that we have that swing capacity. So, I will say, we've seen better margins in general in rape. Obviously, there is a smaller rape crop that may lead to overall lower crush in general, but the food demand has been okay. We've seen some increase in biodiesel mandate in Europe in 2017, whether it is in Germany or Spain. So that's kind of how I see globally and I don't know, Ray, if you want to talk a little bit about the biodiesel, that was in our P&L.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think the biodiesel tax credit, I think we've indicated over the years, it's been roughly around $50 million, plus or minus. And so therefore that's a number that it's in our plan and we believe there is a good chance for the biodiesel tax credit getting renewed. But don't forget, I mean, it's very possible that the biodiesel tax credit may get wrapped up in the whole aspect of corporate tax reform as well. And from our perspective, we believe that any type of corporate tax reform would be positive for ADM, because as you know, in the agricultural sector, being a U.S. domicile company, we pay the highest tax rates in the industry. So bringing our statutory tax rates from 35% level to either at the 15% level that Mr. Trump has talked about or the 20% level that Republican Blue Print is talking about is very, very positive. And then, they've also talked about the border adjustment tax, which for exporters, agricultural exporters like ADM, that would be a positive too for us. So there is a lot of dynamics when you think about implications of tax reforms, the biodiesel tax credit. We're all monitoring this very, very carefully, but in general, we feel very positive about the direction that the administration is heading towards looking at improvements to our corporate taxes.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: And Adam, if I can summarize, in oilseeds, we continue to see demand growth. We continue to see strong demand and we are more positive this year about canola and rape to be bigger contributors than last year, and remember that we don't foresee to have the same issue in grain in Brazil that impacted us in 2016, because we're going to have a bigger corn crop and we're going to have a bigger soybean crop than we had last year. So overall, all those things, I think, will make oilseeds have a better year next year than in 2016. So are there any more questions, Lindsay?
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very helpful. Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome, Adam.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time, I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Juan Luciano for closing comments.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Lindsay. Well, thank you everybody for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow-up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.
Analysts: Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Robert Connor - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President-Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark D. Schweitzer - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update on our scorecard, and discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.59. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $650 million. After working through the challenging environment in the first half of the year, we capitalized on improving operating conditions in the third quarter and are positioned well for a solid finish to the year. Ag Services results were driven by U.S. exports that surged through the quarter, creating improved merchandising opportunities as the global market relied heavily on U.S. exports of corn and soybeans. Results for Corn included strong performance in North American sweeteners and starches, growth from our international corn operations and steady results for bioproducts. Oilseeds results were impacted by significantly lower global soy crush margins, weaker origination results in Brazil and the unusual equity loss from our Wilmar investment. WFSI results included strong growth from WILD Flavors with mixed results from our Specialty Ingredients businesses During the quarter, we continued to execute on our strategic plan. We acquired Caterina Foods, a manufacturer of specialty gluten-free and high-protein pastas. In addition, we further invested in Asia's growing and evolving food demand by increasing our strategic ownership stake in Wilmar to 23%. Our ethanol dry mill review has progressed and we are targeting receipt of final proposals from a short list of interested parties by the end of the calendar year. And, we have implemented nearly $250 million of new run-rate savings actions through the third quarter and expect to exceed our $275 million target by the end of the calendar year. In line with our balanced capital allocation framework, we have returned $1.3 billion to shareholders in dividends and share buybacks through the first nine months of the year. With improving market conditions and a large U.S. harvest, combined with the team's solid execution capabilities, we feel good about the remainder of the year and a stronger 2017. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard progress later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thanks, Juan. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.59 versus $0.60 in the year-ago quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $650 million, down $34 million, mostly on Wilmar results. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 28% compared to 31% in the third quarter of the prior year. Our tax rate is lower this quarter compared to last year due to the geographic mix of earnings and the tax impact of portfolio management actions taken last year and this year. Our effective tax rate this quarter is consistent with the 28% guidance for the calendar year that I provided to you at the last quarter's call. Our trailing four-quarter average ROIC of 5.8% is 80 basis points below our 2016 annual WACC of 6.6%. The lower ROIC reflects the challenging operating conditions that we have experienced during the latter part of 2015 and the first half of 2016. We do expect our fourth quarter trailing ROIC to improve as we move through the end of this year. On chart 18 in the appendix, you can the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.58 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.59 per share. For this quarter, we had impairments, restructuring and settlement charges of $0.08 per share. We had losses on sales of assets of about $0.02 per share. There was offset by about $0.09 of LIFO inventory credits. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary in the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the unique items impacting our quarterly results. In the operating segments, we had some small impairments and restructuring costs and loss on disposals of assets. As a reminder, the results of the equity earnings at Wilmar are reported by ADM on a one-quarter lag basis. The Asia loss in oilseeds reflects ADM's portion of the Wilmar loss reported in their second quarter results. In the corporate line, net interest expense was up slightly due to interest on $1 billion of new long term debt issued this quarter, and the absence of an interest credit related to tax provisions in the prior year. Unallocated corporate costs of $106 million were down from the year-ago quarter primarily due to lower SG&A costs and lower spending on various strategic projects. Minority interest and other include some impairment charges on certain investments and a settlement and related expenses. I'd also like to highlight that our prior year numbers included a charge of $198 million related to buying back higher cost U.S. debt and issuing lower cost euro-denominated debt. Turning to the cash flow statement on slide 6, you can see the cash flow statement for the first nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period the prior year. We generated about $1.6 billion from operations before working capital changes during the period, slightly higher than the same period last year. Total capital spending for the period was $621 million, down from the prior year's $819 million. Capital spending has been lower during the more challenging first half of 2016, and we do expect to finish up the year spending below $1 billion. Acquisitions of $136 million to-date includes Harvest Innovations, Medsofts, the Moroccan corn processing operation, and Caterina Foods. Included in the other investing activities line is our increased investment in Wilmar to a 23% level. During the current period, we spent $754 million to repurchase approximately 20 million shares. We're heading towards repurchasing about $1 billion this calendar year. Our average share count for the period was 589 million diluted shares outstanding. Our total return of capital to shareholders, including dividends, was about $1.3 billion for this nine-month period. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. Our operating working capital of $7.3 billion was down about $600 million from the year-ago period. Total debt was approximately $7.1 billion, resulting in a net debt balance that is debt less cash of $6.1 billion, up slightly from the 2015 net debt level of $5.6 billion. Earlier in the third quarter, we issued $1 billion of U.S. 10-year debt at a coupon of 2.5%, the lowest cost U.S. long-term debt in our portfolio. Our leverage position remains comfortable with a net debt-to-total capital ratio of about 25%. Our shareholders' equity of $17.6 billion was down from the $17.9 billion level last year due primarily to shareholder capital returns in excess of net income and a decrease in the cumulative translation account. We had $6.1 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of September. If you add the available cash, we have access to over $7 billion of short-term liquidity. Our balance sheet remains solid. Next, Juan will take us through a review of the business performance and drivers.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to slide 8. In the third quarter, we earned $650 million of operating profit, excluding specified items, down from the $684 million from last year's third quarter. As we explained last quarter, some of the challenging conditions we saw in the first half of the year began to subside late in the second quarter. This led to a more favorable environment in the third quarter. As a result, we were able to execute well and capitalize on the more favorable environment. Adjusted segment operating profit was up about 13% versus last quarter, but down about 5% versus the year-ago quarter. It is important to note that the unusual loss related to our equity earnings of Wilmar negatively impacted us this quarter. Excluding Wilmar, our third quarter operating profits would have been up about 8% year-over-year. Following are some brief highlights; in Ag Services, we saw improving market conditions, particularly increased competitiveness of U.S. corn and soybeans, especially late in the quarter as we were able to export record volumes. Results for corn included continued strong performance in sweeteners and starches as the North American business continued to perform well with solid demand, production efficiencies, and improved raw material costs. Oilseeds results were impacted by lower global soy crush margins, lower origination volumes due to the reduced Brazilian soybean and corn crop, and the Wilmar results in Asia. Excluding the startup items, WFSI operating profit was up slightly compared to the year-ago quarter. Now, I'll review the performance of each segment and provide additional detail. So starting on slide 9, Ag Services results benefited from record export volumes as crop shortages in South America accelerated this year's seasonal shift in global demand to North America. In addition, as the record North American harvest started in the quarter, we saw improved merchandising, warehousing, and storage opportunities, as well as improved margins. Our global trade desk results were lower in the quarter as some commodity prices declined, causing global buyers to draw down their inventories, which limited merchandising opportunities. In Transportation, results were up due to increased utilization, strong exports, and improved freight rates. Milling and Other had another solid quarter, with results consistent with the third quarter last year on strong product margins related to seasonal demand. Please turn to slide 10. Corn Processing results were up sequentially and year-over-year. Sweeteners and starches results improved as the North American business continued to perform well with solid demand in the U.S. and Mexico, continued production efficiency, improvements, and lower raw material costs. The company's international corn operations performed very well in the quarter. We continue to integrate our European Eaststarch operations and are tracking well on fully capturing the identified synergies. Our Olenex joint venture in Mexico also performed well in the quarter. Bioproducts results, excluding last year's Brazilian sugar impairment charge, were essentially flat with improved operational performance and margins from animal nutrition, offset by the slightly lower ethanol results compared to last year. Slide 11, please. Oilseeds results were done in the third quarter versus a strong quarter one year ago. Crushing and origination results declined significantly versus a strong year-ago quarter due to lower soybean crushing margins as competing proteins such as DDGS and feed wheat displaced soy meal in some feed rations. We also saw some period of increased competitiveness of Argentine meal. Oilseeds results were also impacted by weaker origination in Brazil due to the smaller soybean and corn crop which created a high cost structure in our silo and transportation network during the quarter. In addition, producer commercialization of next year's soybean and corn crop decreased due to lower commodity prices and the continued strength of the Brazilian real. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results were up from one year ago mainly due to good performance in biodiesel and specialty fats and oils. In addition, our refined oils business continued to have strong performance supported by solid food demand and strong biodiesel volumes. Our Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts business had a good quarter benefiting from the facility expansion at our plant in Dawson, Georgia. We also saw the results from the operational efficiency improvements we made in our procurement and shelling operations throughout our network. Oilseeds results in Asia for the quarter declined from the year ago period due to the impact of ADM's share of Wilmar's unusual loss in the second quarter. In fact, it was Wilmar's first ever quarterly loss. ADM records the share of Wilmar results on a one quarter lag basis and recorded $48 million of equity losses in the third quarter versus a $36 million gain in the third quarter of 2015. On slide 12, please. WFSI results were up slightly compared to the third quarter last year. We saw strong operating profit growth for WILD Flavors and good performance from Eatem Foods, offset by mixed results from our Specialty Ingredients business. In protein, we saw strong overall demand led by functional concentrate and textured concentrate. Results for the quarter included operational start-up costs for Tianjin and Campo Grande. Also in the quarter, we again added to our capabilities with the acquisition of Caterina Foods, a leading toll manufacturer of specialty gluten-free and high-protein pastas. Having the Caterina business helped us as we continue building our portfolio to meet the needs of health-conscious consumers. WILD Flavors saw an 8% increase in revenue with a 20% increase in operating profit. However, the challenges we have highlighted in recent quarters with some of our Specialty Ingredients business, SCI, edible beans and hydrocolloids have continued. Our fibers business has been subject to industry oversupply issues that have kept pricing down. Partially offsetting these negatives, we have seen  has been some strength in our specialty proteins business in the quarter. Our SCI business has experienced some operational issues that have resulted in inventory write downs and some lost sales over the past year. We are addressing these issues aggressively. As we continue to work with customers and other businesses within ADM, we've recognized that we can be more effective at meeting customer needs and driving performance by aligning in SCI's businesses into other areas of the company. We believe that we can more easily achieve synergies and improve top-line sales under a new organizational structure. I have teams working through those details right now. Now on slide 13, I'd like to update you on how we continue to strengthen and grow our company. We've highlighted some of the areas in which we made significant progress. I'll discuss a few. We recently expanded and streamlined operations at our Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts crush facility in Dawson, Georgia, and we're already seeing the results of this operational efficiency improvements. We have progressed our ethanol dry mill review. We are targeting receipt of final proposals from a short list of interested parties by the end of the calendar year. We have implemented nearly $250 million of new run rate savings actions through the end of the third quarter and expect to exceed our $275 million target by the end of the calendar year. During the third quarter, we completed the successful deployment and go-live of our 1ADM business transformation with our Ag Services U.S. elevator system covering more than 200 locations. Our 1ADM program is our multiyear global investment that will help the company improve and standardize our business processes and deliver greater efficiency and effectiveness on our activities. I am proud that this significant deployment was delivered on time and under budget, and with quality levels of execution, providing us confidence as we move to the next phases of the 1ADM program. We also during the quarter acquired Caterina Foods, a manufacturer of specialty, gluten-free, and high-protein pastas to continue meeting the needs of health-conscious consumers. And our Stratas Foods joint venture recently acquired Supreme Oil, a U.S.-based manufacturer and distributor of edible oils and related products. Stratas Foods is our joint venture with ACH Food Companies and is North America's leading supplier of fats and oils to the food service, food ingredients and retail private label markets. Adding Supreme Oil provides the JV with manufacturing locations in Tennessee, Alabama and New Jersey. The Northeast presence is important and is one of the largest consumption areas for edible oils and one where Stratas lacks presence. This acquisition provides Stratas with entry into the growing seasonings, sauces and condiments category, and its products and operations offer good opportunities for both cost and revenue synergies. These are just a few of the highlights from the quarter. We'll continue to update you on our progress each quarter. And now before we take your questions, I wanted to offer some additional forward perspectives. As I indicated last quarter, the first half of the year presented some challenging conditions. However, we are seeing an improving operating environment in the second half of the year that we believe sets the stage for a stronger 2017. For Ag Services, the North American harvest is progressing well and we're seeing record yields and production for both corn and soybeans. We expect this to translate into continued solid results for export volumes and better global merchandising and handling opportunities as we finish out the year. Export origination margins while good and improved versus last year, are not at the same levels we realized in 2014. For corn, while fourth quarter volumes are expected to be down due to normal seasonality, we are optimistic in 2017 for our sweeteners and starches business with global sugar prices up significantly year-over-year and the ongoing progress of our operational excellence initiatives. Ethanol margins are currently being supported by strong domestic and export demand. As in the past, margins will be a function of the supply-demand balance and the impact of net inventory levels. As I mentioned earlier, we have made progress with our ethanol dry mill review. We have seven original parties express interest and we have now narrowed that list to a smaller number. We are having these parties undertake some additional due diligence prior to them submitting final proposals, which we are targeting for the end of the calendar year. For Oilseeds, with ample soybeans from the record U.S. harvest along with solid domestic demand, crushing volumes are expected to be seasonally high in the coming months. Crush margins could experience some short term resistance from competing global proteins. South America grain origination margin will be depending on new crop volumes. At present, new crop origination volumes are slow and behind plan. However, we do anticipate ultimately procuring the crop. The fundamentals of increased global protein consumption point to a long term sustainable trend which supports higher soy meal demand and higher industry capacity utilization into the future. For WFSI, the fourth quarter is traditionally our low volume quarter as WILD Flavors experiences some typical seasonality from the beverage industry. We expect continuous strong results from protein in the fourth quarter. We will incur continuous start-up costs for our Tianjin and Campo Grande plants as they begin their first phases of production late in the quarter. So with that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Research. Your line is open.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. This is Cornell in with a few for David.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Cornell.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hi, Cornell.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I just wanted to start off. I mean, there are a lot of negative headlines, I guess, in the third quarter early surrounding kind of the poor environment in South America. But things seemed to have turned out a bit better than perhaps you're expecting. Did the environment change drastically perhaps in the last month of the quarter such that a strong September provided boost to 3Q numbers relative to how things were looking previously?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, Cornell. This is Juan. Yeah. I think your assessment is correct. I think that the quarter got increasingly stronger August and September, especially in the Ag Services, and I will say in sweeteners and starches as well. So those  but increasingly, in terms of export from the U.S. in August and September. Those were very strong months.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And then one last quick one is just what's the anticipated effect? I think you're started to touch on it a bit, of the large U.S. harvest on the business going forward. So, specifically, as you look at each segment, can you explain what record U.S. crop production and record U.S. exports will ultimately mean over the coming quarters?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. Of course, we're going to have better volumes and better margins in Ag Services. We are seeing probably an export window all the way to extending not only in Q4, but also into Q1 for North America. And we have very good ownership. So we have the pipeline filled. We think that we're going to have strong crush margins in the Q4. And the demand particularly in sweeteners and starches and ethanol continues to be solid, and we're going to have the product to supply that demand. So we feel very strongly about the following quarters.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks a lot. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Tom Simonitsch on behalf of Ann. Just one question on China. How do you expect China's current trade policies to impact each of your businesses in the balance of 2016 and into next year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you for the question. Obviously, we are starting that and you've seen many changes in China recently, not only the change in the way they handle their reserves or internal subsidies, but also some import duties for DDGS. So it certainly will impact some of the exports in that  in  whether it's barley, whether it's corn, whether it's DDG as they reduce their inventories. But demand continues to be very strong, so we still believe in very strong imports of soybeans from that perspective. But we're watching the corn and the sorghum and the DDGS export that has been reduced.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. Thank you. And in terms of U.S. ethanol exports as well, I think, you mentioned last quarter that you're expecting 850 million to 900 million gallons with China absent from that market. Is that expectation still intact?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes, it is. We've seen several destinations. I think the world market is consuming a lot of gasoline and certainly ethanol is a very good octane enhancer oxygenate and as you think about some countries trying to reduce pollution created by automotive usage, we think that ethanol continues to be a very strong product for export. We've been exporting very heavily to Canada. We've been exporting much more than last year to Brazil. China has been there, but we also have new destination showing up. So we feel strong about export will grow into next year.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning, could you discuss the outlook for pricing in your sweeteners and starches business? We've pretty tight capacity utilization rates, elevated sugar prices, but do lower corn cost impact your ability to get pricing through in any way?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Listen, we have already concluded this year's negotiation for 2017 liquid sweeteners contracts. And we are very satisfied the way things are evolving into this industry. As you describe, volumes have been strong and the industry has been very tight. Contracting season did start earlier than normal this year and so that's normally a good sign for us for expanded margins. So, I will say in terms of specifics, we will try to stay to our traditional timeline to discussing this outlook although we have finished some contract negotiations as our portfolio continues to broaden, there are other product lines that we're still wrapping up those negotiations. So I'd rather address the more specifics to this in the next quarter's call. I would just say at this point in time, we are optimistic about that. It has been a positive negotiation so far.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you. And just a quick follow-up. You mentioned the increased competitiveness of Argentine meal in world markets. Is any of this related to increased sales following the confirmation that subsequent cut to the soy export tax would be delayed until 2018, and how do you see this dynamic evolving going forward particularly if growers are incentivized to increase plantings of corn and wheat at the expense of soy?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. So, many aspects to your question. Certainly, there was some discussion about the ability of the government to continue to reduce these export taxes in Argentina. The government finally announced that it would not have the ability to honor that promise. But they also created some reductions for some provinces in the north to kind of balance the people that are farther away from the ports. So I will say this is going to be a fluid situation as you describe the intentions of the farmers has been to shift to corn some acreage in Argentina, but early planting conditions there may be making a little bit more difficult to that and some people have started to plant some soybean. So, I think, it's a fluid situation. And for the time being, we're going to expect North America to be the competitive sourcing of soybean meal in the world, so  until we have the next South America crop.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Hello, Adam. Are you on mute?
Operator: Adam Samuelson, your line is open.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Okay. Kelly, maybe we'll go to the next question.
Operator: Sure. Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam of Stephens. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: First question is on refining, packaging and biodiesel, your results were quite strong in the current quarter. Is there anything in particular that was one-time in nature or how should we think about that going forward?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No. I think, the team has been  have done a terrific job of  especially in Europe, of improving some of our specialty fat and oil business, and maybe didn't quite perform last year, and they made some modifications to that. So you have an improvement. But I will not call it a one-off, it's an improvement versus last year on good performance. And overall, we saw strong demand for oil and a strong volume for biodiesel, and that drove the better performance. But there's nothing unusual in those results.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: So we can model that going forward. Is this sort of a new sustainable run rate?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: I think you should see. I mean, obviously, it would depend on biodiesel. You know biodiesel is rather volatile, so. But I think the other businesses, refined oil, bottled oil and specialty fats, and I think those businesses you should expect this kind of performance going forward.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then longer term, if we look at ADM as a company, how should we think about the earnings algorithm for ADM, and how would the divestiture of the ethanol assets kind of impact that long term earnings algorithm?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. So let's talk a little bit about that. We said before that we would expect in this strategy that we put together a couple of years ago to give us over the next three years $1 to $1.50. And we continue to be committed to that and expecting those results. At the same time, we saw our base being impacted by some of the headwinds going down from maybe a $3 level to maybe a $2.40 level. Obviously, we're coming back from that as you can see in this quarter and as you're going to see in Q4 and hopefully with a stronger 2017. It's still difficult to quantify given that we have only one quarter of that, how much of that base deterioration are we going to recover. With regards to the ethanol dry mills, as you heard me saying in the prepared remarks, we are waiting for the second round of bids before the end of the year. And at that point in time, Farha, we will sit down and assess the offers that we have in front of us, and we will make a decision based on that. So I think it's a little bit premature to speculate on how the dry mills should factor in our next year's earnings.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. This is helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Farha.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I will actually stick to one question, how is that? On the high level side, when you think of 2017, is there anything in the operating environment that you would consider abnormal that we'd not be able to start to get the typical type of results that you would expect from your company, given the improvement in the operating environment as well as the cost efficiencies and all the stuff you've done. So is 2017 kind of a critical year to show all your progress? Is there anything that would limit you from being able to do that?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Ken, I think that that's kind of the way we're thinking about it. We think that 2017 should provide an opportunity for us in a more normalized environment to demonstrate all the earnings power that we've made through the cost improvements or through all the investment. There are risks as we face every year. Obviously, you have the potential China grain reserve significant release and how they managed that and how many years do they want to achieve that that could be a risk. Obviously, ethanol, the way producers will manage supply, demand and inventories is another one. But I think in general, we feel strongly about everything that we have done over the last few years to improve our company and position our company to take advantage of this market condition. So we feel good about 2017.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Connor - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. This is actually Robert Connor, on for Rob Moskow. So, it looks like your soy crush margins have been weak globally, but you kind of expected that to improve. Could you just maybe expand a little bit upon why they've been so weak and then what are kind of the forces that are going to improve margins?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. I would say from our perspective. First of all, you were comparing with a very strong quarter last year. So if you look at the underperformance of oilseeds, 60% of that is explained by the Wilmar, which is a very unusual result. So when you look at the performance of oilseeds per se, we have origination inside oilseeds for Brazil, and the farmer in Brazil that was 40% sold by this time last year is only 20% sold now. So we had less volume going through our operations. And if you think about the crush margins in the U.S., we didn't have some of the pressure that exports of mill have brought maybe last year to the U.S. So, obviously, with the big run-up in mill prices by mid of the year, by June or something like that, other things became more competitive, whether it's a low-quality feed wheat or whether it is DDGs or corn got a little bit into the Russian. So we think that demand is very strong. Still, we're thinking about 5% mill consumption growth for next year. And we believe that the U.S. will have high crush margins, and we feel good about the potential expansion of that crush in margin. It just could be a little bit attenuated by the fact that we need to fight with some substitution maybe over the next quarter. But we feel good in general about oilseeds.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in here. In the last week or so, we've seen the basis on soy work very favorably toward you guys or toward the processors. A lot of supply out there, thank goodness we have a lot of exports or we would be swimming in grain. But can you talk a little bit about sort of the near term impact of that and then the elevation margins that you're seeing. And we're seeing some transportation issues on the Mississippi. Can you kind of pull all of that together? It looks like storage is also pretty full. So it looks like the near term environment for your crush margins could be quite strong if export demand stays as strong as it is.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah. Thank you, Eric. Let's take your questions on part. There is a big crop coming and certainly the pipeline and the storage is becoming fuller and fuller. So you see that reflection a little bit in the basis. So that is good for ADM, we have good ownership obviously. In terms of the exports, we said before that 2014 was an unusual year because with all the fracking that was basically taking a big part of the rail system in the U.S., there was a little bit of a glut going into the New Orleans area. This year, although maybe you were reflecting on some recent issues with transportation, in general, if you compare to 2014, rail velocity has been so much better. Freights have been lowered. So in general, we didn't get to the same level of elevation margins that we got in 2014. So volumes are good, volumes continue to be very, very strong into Q4. And margins are okay, they are not just the record then maybe it used to be in 2014. I don't know, Ray, if anything that you will like to add to this?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: No. I mean, I think the elevation margins clearly did improve as we kind of went through the third quarter, so that's been very, very encouraging. Again, as Juan indicated, I don't expect it to get back to 2014 levels which really resulted in ag services operating profit, some very, very strong results. But we are going to have good results in the fourth quarter. There's no doubt about it.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. It's Mike Henry in for Mike Piken. Quick just a question, I was wondering if you guys could talk about any potential cost savings plan in 2017, any potential magnitude on that and what areas or what bucket that could potentially fall into?
Ray G. Young - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yeah, Mike. I mean, clearly, we've been on a multiyear plan in terms of driving operational excellence within the company. We set a target of $275 million this year which we'll exceed, we haven't set our targets for next year, but you should expect us to actually continue to have some good targets in terms of the operational excellence because clearly there's still more opportunities to be had. One thing I do want to point out, as Juan indicated, we talked about the 1ADM program, whereby we're actually implementing this business transformation program within the company. It does cost money. For example, this year on 1ADM, we're spending about $100 million. As part of that project, some of it is capital, some of it is operating expenses, this program is ramping up, so therefore I do expect next year our spending will increase as we ramp up this program. We'll provide more context in the fourth quarter call because we're still working through what the actual spend will be. But what we're doing is we're actually taking some of these cost savings that we've had and we're going to reinvest in the company. And so, we're going to reinvest in terms of whether it be business process improvements or we're going to be reinvest in R&D and innovation as well. So, again, we'll give more context to this when we get to the fourth quarter call, but I'm very pleased that these savings are coming, but we are going to reinvest some of these savings in order to make this company stronger for the future.
Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Sorry about that. Multiple calls going on at once, maybe a question on ag services for the fourth quarter, and this has been touched on in some respects. But I'm wondering, I mean, we all see North American export environment is very strong. We've got a record crop. At this point, we're a month into the quarter. Can you help us frame kind of the range of outcomes that you could think of for ag services in the current environment and what would be drivers to the upside and towards the lower end of that range? Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. Thank you, Adam. Listen, I think we will continue to see strong exports. We see that, in that sense, Q4 should be stronger. We expect higher utilization of our storage and transportation assets. Although maybe freight rates may be pressured a little bit due to higher transportation equipment availability I think I addressed that when I addressed Eric's question before. But in general, we will continue to see a stronger ag services performance as we finish the year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And does that relate into the first part of 2017, is it really just as visibility to the South American crop increases, is that that drives the variability in the outcomes for ag services, or anything else there that you're mindful of into the first half?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Yes. So to give you some perspective, so we're expecting 2016 to end between 2014 and 2015; obviously, higher than 2015 and not as high as 2014, but I think that when you think about 2017, we expect some of this export to overspill into Q1. So the window obviously will depend a lot on what happened in South America. There are still three months of weather ahead of us. But we still believe that the U.S. will be very full in the pipeline and will be exporting corn and soybeans well into Q1 next year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks very much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: And this concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I now pass the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.: Thank you, Kelly. Thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark D. Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President-Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark D. Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two. The company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its response on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review the financial highlights and corporate results. Then, Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update on our scorecard, and discuss our forward look. Finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide three. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we'll report the second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.41. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $573 million. After a challenging start of the year, general market conditions began to turn at the end of the second quarter, providing us with improved opportunities for the second half of the year. Weak grain handling margins and merchandising results continued for Ag Services. Results for Corn including the strong performance in sweeteners and starches offset by lower ethanol results. Our Oilseeds operations leveraged their flex capacity to crush record volumes of soybeans in the second quarter as global protein demand continues to grow. WFSI saw a strong growth in flavors and systems with operating profit in line with the year-ago quarter. During the quarter, we continued to advance our strategic plan, acquiring full ownership of Amazon Flavors, a leading Brazilian manufacturer of natural extracts, emulsions and compounds. We added soybean crushing capability to our facility in Straubing, Germany, allowing us to utilize flex capacity, while also meeting growing customer demand for non-GMO soybean meal and oil in Western Europe. We continued to invest in Asia's growing and evolving food demand by further increasing our strategic ownership stake in Wilmar from 20% to 22%. In addition, we continued to make progress in the strategic review of our ethanol dry mills. We have implemented almost $150 million of new run-rate savings actions in the first half of the year and remain on track to meet our $275 million target by the end of the calendar year. Also, we repurchased about $500 million of shares in the first half as we continued to execute on our balanced capital allocation framework. The first half of the year was very challenging. However, with improved fundamentals, we anticipate a more favorable second half of the year. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard progress later in the call. Now, I will turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, thanks, Juan. Good morning, everyone. Slide four provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.41, down from the $0.60 in the year-ago quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $573 million, down $151 million. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 29% compared to 27% in the second quarter of the prior year, largely due to a $20 million of unique discrete tax items in the quarter that negatively impacted our effective tax rate as well as our second quarter EPS by approximately $0.03 per share. Note we did not impact our adjusted EPS for these $0.03 of discrete tax items. Although our full-year tax rate will largely depend on a number of factors going forward, at this point, I would expect our calendar year tax rate to be about 28%. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 5.7% is 90 basis points below our 2016 annual WACC of 6.6%. Our objective for the full year 2016 remains to earn an ROIC equal to or in excess of our cost of capital. On chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of reported quarterly earnings of $0.48 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.41 per share. For this quarter, we had gains on sales or asset revaluations of $0.17 per share, asset impairments of approximately $0.01 per share and LIFO charges of approximately $0.09 per share. Slide five provides an operating profit summary in the components of our corporate line. I'd like to highlight some of the unique items impacting our quarterly results. In the Ag Services segment, there was a net gain of $43 million reflecting the collection of the final deferred proceeds from the sale of Gruma shares in 2012, offset by some small impairment charges. In the Corn Processing segment, there was a net gain of $63 million related to sale of our Brazilian sugar assets, partially offset by $6 million of small impairment charges. In Oilseeds Processing, we did not have any material items that impacted adjusted EPS. Over the course of the second quarter, we did have unprecedented volatility in the soybean crush margins. Earlier in the second quarter, we had expected the run up in the board crush margins to have a significant negative mark-to-market impact on our second quarter results. In June, however, margins fell dramatically and the net impact from a mark-to-market perspective ended up being minimal for the second quarter. We did have some negative timing effects related to soft seed crush and biodiesel hedges and these negative impacts should reverse themselves in the second half of the calendar year. As a reminder, the results of the equity earnings at Wilmar are reported by ADM on a one-quarter lag basis. To note, Wilmar issued a profit warning in the middle of July announcing that it expects to report net losses of approximately $230 million for its second quarter. As a result, we expect to pick up about $50 million of equity losses in our third quarter results compared to the prior consensus estimates of about $50 million of equity earnings for the third quarter or about a $100 million swing in ADM's expected third quarter results. The tax rate we applied to Wilmar equity earnings is 0%; hence, the EPS impact of this $100 million swing will be about a negative $0.17 per share for our third quarter. In WFSI, there was a $12 million revaluation gain related to our acquisition of the remaining interests in the WILD Amazon as joint venture. In the corporate lines, net interest expense was down due to lower interest rates, the favorable effects of the debt restructuring from last year and the revaluation of our liability to purchase the remaining stake in Harvest Innovations. Unallocated corporate costs of $116 million were down from the year-ago quarter primarily due to strong cost management. Turning to the cash flow statement on slide six, here's the cash flow statement for the six months ending June 30, 2016 compared to the same period the prior year. We generated over $1 billion from operations before working capital changes in the first half, slightly lower than the first half of last year. Total capital spending for the first half was $396 million, down from the prior year's $540 million. Capital spending has been lowered during this more challenging first half of the year. Acquisitions of $120 million during the first half of 2016 included Harvest Innovations in WFSI, Medsofts and Ag Services in Morocco in Corn Processing. Included in the other investing activities line is our increased investment in Wilmar to a 22% level. During the first half of 2016, we spent about $487 million to repurchase approximately 13.5 million shares of ADM. Our objective remains to repurchase $1 billion to $1.5 billion of our own stock in calendar year 2016. Our average share count for the first half of the year was 594 million diluted shares. Our total return of capital to shareholders including dividends was about $800 million for the first half of the year. We can see that there was a balanced use of cash between CapEx, M&A and capital return to shareholders. Slide seven shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of June 30. Our operating working capital of $8.2 billion was down $0.1 billion from the year-ago period. Total debt was approximately $7.4 billion, resulting in a net debt balance of $6.7 billion, up from the 2015 net debt level of $5.7 billion. Our leverage position remains healthy with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 27%. Our shareholders' equity of $17.7 billion was down from the $18.6 billion level last year due primarily to capital returns in excess of net income and a decrease in the cumulative translation account. We had $4.9 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of June. If you add available cash, we had access to $5.6 billion of short-term liquidity. Our balance sheet remains very, very solid. Next, Juan will take us through a review of the business performance. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ray. Please turn to slide eight. In the second quarter, we earned $573 million of operating profit, excluding specified items, down from the $724 million from last year's second quarter. In Ag Services, weak grain handling margins and merchandising results continued. Results for Corn were down slightly compared to the second quarter last year with continued strong performance in sweeteners and starches offset by weaker bioproducts results. With continued strong global protein demand, our Oilseeds operations were able to utilize flex capacity to crush record volumes of soybeans in the quarter. Excluding the startup items, WFSI operating profit results were in line with the year-ago quarter. As a result, adjusted segment operating profit was flat versus last quarter and down 21% versus the year-ago quarter. Late in the quarter, market conditions began to turn lining up a more favorable outlook for the second half. Now, I will review the performance of each segment and provide additional details. Starting on slide nine, we indicated last quarter that Ag Services in the second quarter would be challenged, and as it turned out, adjusted results were down significantly compared to one year ago due to compressed U.S. grain handling margins. In the U.S., we saw limited merchandising, warehousing and storage opportunities due to reduced grain carries. International merchandising results remained weak overall, but were up versus one year ago due to the strong origination results in Argentina and the addition of destination marketing in Egypt through our Medsofts joint venture. Net timing effect did not have a material impact on results. In transportation, results declined due to weak barge demand and lower freight rates. In milling and other, ADM Milling had a strong second quarter driven by product margins and merchandising results. Please turn to slide 10. Corn Processing results were up sequentially but down slightly versus the second quarter last year. Sweeteners and starches results were higher as the business continued to perform well with higher volumes and pricing, and improved margins from optimizing product grind in our corn wet mills. In addition, the integration of the recent Eaststarch and Morocco acquisitions, have gone better than planned, contributing to our global sweeteners and starches portfolio and results. Bioproducts results were down in the quarter; with high industry ethanol inventory levels coming into the quarter, we decreased production. While ethanol margins have improved modestly and demand for both domestic consumption and exports continue to be strong, margins remain very volatile and extremely sensitive to industry production grades and inventory levels. Lysine results continued to be pressured by large global production, particularly early in the quarter. However, results improved in June as global inventories declined and a strong demand continued. Slide 11, please. Oilseeds results were solid for the second quarter, but were down versus a strong quarter one year ago. Crushing and origination declined from last year's high levels primarily due to weak canola margins as well as lower soy crush margins, which were historically high last year. Strong global demand for protein meal and the continued weak economics for soft seed allowed us to flex the capacity of our end market crush plants in Europe. These added positive contributions to our network and allowed our North American and European crush operations to set new second quarter soy crush volume records. During the quarter, the team effectively managed unprecedented board crush movements that were caused by South American crop uncertainty. By the end of the quarter, supply-demand fundamentals stabilized crush margins. Earlier in the quarter, we had expected significant soybean crush negative mark-to-market impacts for the second quarter due to significant increase in board margins, but the actual net impact turned out to be quite minimal as board crush margins fell in June. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results were down from one year ago mainly due to negative biodiesel timing effects despite strong results in Specialty Fats and Oils and Golden Peanut. Oilseeds results in Asia for the quarter improved partially due to Wilmar's first quarter earnings. As Ray indicated earlier, Wilmar had issued a second quarter profit warning in July that we expect will have a negative impact for the ADM's third quarter results. On slide 12, excluding the start-up costs, WFSI results were in line with the second quarter last year with the strong growth in flavors and systems offset by a slower separate individual ingredient sales. In the quarter, we added to our ingredient capabilities in South America with the full ownership acquisition of Amazon Flavors, a leading Brazilian manufacturer of natural extracts, emulsions and compounds. This gives us the full capability of flavors and systems in Brazil with boots on the ground to develop systems and provide customers with rapid prototype delivery to meet local business. Results included about $4 million in operational start-up costs for Tianjin and Campo Grande. We expect WILD Flavors to have an extremely strong second half of the year, which should result in year-over-year operating profit growth of more than 20%. However, continuing challenges with some of our legacy ingredients businesses, demand factors in the case of hydrocolloids, near-term pricing pressures in the case of fibers and some inventory management issues at SCI will limit overall WFSI segment operating profit growth this calendar year to lower double-digit percentages. Now in slide 13, I'd like to update you on how we're strengthening and growing our company. We've highlighted some of the areas in which we made significant progress recently. I'll discuss a few. In Ag Services, in the second quarter, we started operations in our Medsofts joint venture in Egypt as we continued to expand our distribution value chain through our destination marketing capabilities on an asset-light approach. The Medsofts joint venture helps us diversify and expand our merchandising footprint, grow our logistics services and gets us closer to our customers as we deliver products directly to them. In Corn, we completed the sale of our sugarcane ethanol operations in Brazil. We began operation of our Casablanca, Morocco-based corn wet mill as we continued to expand the geographic footprint of our sweeteners and starches business. We expanded our sweetener portfolio by entering into a partnership to offer low calorie non-GMO stevia and monk fruit ingredients. Within our animal nutrition business, we introduced new products and announced plans to expand and modernize facilities. In our lysine business, we made process improvements that should improve yields in the second half of the year and we are advancing on the strategic review of our ethanol dry mills assets. We have made management presentations to seven parties that have indicated interest in our dry mill assets. We will await all the proposals to determine what is the best value-maximizing strategy for ADM. We anticipate receiving bids back by the end of August and we'll then evaluate and determine our next steps in the process. In Oilseeds, we completed the canola crush expansion project at our plant in Lloydminster, Canada and we added soybean crushing capacity at our facility in Straubing, Germany, allowing us to meet growing customer demand from non-GMO soybean meal and oil in Western Europe. And in WFSI, we build out additional synergy projects, and now have more than 1,300 projects in the pipeline. Our latest forecast for the end of 2017 is shifting to about two-third cost synergies and one-third revenue synergies, due to revenue synergies taking a little longer to realize. We added to our ingredient capabilities in South America with a full ownership acquisition of Amazon Flavors, and we had another productive IFT just a few weeks ago, highlighting recent additions in SCI, Eatem Foods and Harvest Innovations. Together, we showcased the industry's broadest and deepest ingredient portfolio, giving customers access to innovative products, extensive technical expertise, and best-in-class service. These are just a few of the highlights from the quarter. We'll continue to update you on our progress each quarter. And over time, you should expect to see the results of this. Before we take your questions, I wanted to offer some additional forward perspectives. As I indicated earlier, both the second quarter and the first half of the year were challenging. Throughout this period, we continued our ongoing focus on costs. And importantly, we continued to execute on our strategy, which includes additional geographic diversification by moving further downstream in the value chain. Now looking ahead, with recent improved market dynamics, we anticipate better opportunities. The outlook for the large U.S. crop and some of our businesses experiencing improved margin conditions creates a platform for a more favorable environment in the second half of the year and some optimism as we start to move into early 2017. For Ag Services, current U.S. crop conditions indicate the growing season is progressing very well. This is expected to translate into improved export volumes and margins, higher utilization of our transportation network and better merchandising and handling opportunities for the second half of the year. For Corn, the strategy and flexibility of our wet mills, along with continued operational excellence, achievements and high-capacity utilization rates, should support improved margins for our sweeteners and starches business for the second half of the year. Into the future, our global sweeteners and starch demand continues to grow. Our product and footprint expansions will provide diversification of both geography and starch sources to help maximize cost positions and drive value creation. Ethanol margins have improved since the beginning of the year, and the forward demand environment from domestic consumption and exports would appear favorable. However, the future margin environment will remain dependent upon industry production levels relative to demand and the resultant inventory levels. We have seen this inventory to margins relationship over the years, and we have seen the margins being somewhat volatile as well. In Oilseeds, the outlook for the second half of the year has improved due to continued strong global protein demand, leverage in our flex capacity and improved crush margins. Looking ahead, on trend, complex consumer demands are creating value for our oils portfolio and oilseeds network. For WFSI, increased innovation in natural health and nutritional products and leverage in our industry leadership in plant-based proteins, powders and specialty grains, all are positive supports for the future progress of WFSI. With organic growth, synergy execution, and small bolt-on M&A, we continue to build this business for the future. With that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now conduct the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I guess, first, I would like to talk about the second half opportunity; and, Juan, you laid out some thoughts on drivers of better performance particularly in Ag Services. And I'm just trying to think about some of the range of outcomes or some of the key  the bigger variables in that Ag Services outlook as we think about, I guess, the fourth quarter specifically. Is it the export cadence of corn and soy trying to find  go through the ports at the same time? Is it farmers selling? Is it the magnitude of carries in the corn and the wheat market? Other factors that help band some of the kind of the bigger opportunities or the risks there.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Yeah. Thank you, Adam. So, as I said before, the outlook for U.S. exports is much better, and current elevation margins are much higher than the last two quarters. Export elevation margins are likely to continue higher in the back of the year. So, as you said, demand continues to be strong, and the U.S. is competitive now for the future months. We also are seeing with carries and basis gains that have returned to the market, we expect in the same area that destination marketing continue to increase for us, the impact of that. And we expect an even more impact in 2017. Milling volumes normally gets into our high season in Q3, so we expect another pickup from there. And general transportation results are expected to improve on increased loads and higher freight rates. We expect southbound volume probably increase in the range of 30% in Q3. So, all-in-all, we're optimistic by the picture we're seeing in Ag Services after many months of subdued performance, if you will.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Tom Simonitsch on for Ann. Could you discuss your expectations for U.S. ethanol exports for the remainder of 2016? In particular, given that China has been a major importer year-to-date, if China were to stop importing ethanol, are there other markets you would expect to absorb U.S. production?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thank you, Tom. Our expectation for net exports is in the range of 850 million to 900 million gallons. And obviously, China is the second largest market of ethanol in the world. And we have seen there  both in China and in India, the export  the imports picking up and that have been a boost obviously for U.S. exports. Your concerns are probably given by the change in corn policy in China and to what extent that will reduce the imports. We believe in that range, in the 850 million to 900 million gallons. We continue to see other markets coming on again strongly like India; we believe China may or may not reduce there. We believe Canada will be there. We believe Mexico will join. So, in general, we feel strongly about it and we could argue China may dedicate some of that corn to make ethanol, but also there are questions about the quality of those reserves and how much of that can actually be turned into ethanol. So, again, when we look at the forecast and without having a significant amount of China exports in the second half, we believe into the  in the 850 million to 900 million gallon range for net exports for the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Morris with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just  I guess just following on Adam's question, and I just had a follow-up, just on the optimism at the second half, I mean, there's been a lot of moving pieces, lot of volatility in the first half and your views kind of changed as you moved through the year. So, just getting a sense, as your level of optimism now about the back half of the year today relative to, let's say, a month ago, what's changed? And within that, should  you talked about a favorable third quarter, should profits be up year-over-year? If you can kind of just sort of frame your outlook where it is today versus a month ago. And some of your  just your broader expectations.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. It's Ray here. I mean, the way we kind of look at this year, second half compared to let's say, the second half of last year, I mean, there are several variables that have moved in our favor. And first of all, the U.S. dollar actually has stabilized compared to where we were last year. In fact, you've seen that relative to other crop growing regions, the dollar has actually become a lot more competitive. And that's a favorable factor for Ag Services as we look towards exports in the back half of the year. And frankly, that's been reflected in terms of elevation margins, forward elevations margins that we're seeing right now compared to what we saw last year. And secondly, if you recall last year, there was this overhang regarding Argentina, you remember? And we went into second half of the year, there was a lot of concern that with the change in the government, that there was going to be a flood of Argentinean products entering world markets and that actually depressed margins significantly. What we've seen this year is in fact due to some weather issues down in Argentina and Brazil, this overhang doesn't exist. In fact, a lot of the surplus corn and wheat that was in Argentina actually moved to the world markets already, and hence, you don't have the Argentine overhang. And that's going to be favorable in terms of how U.S. exports are going to look like. I mean, thirdly, global demand remains very, very strong, in terms of what we're seeing, in terms of the demand factors. And then as I indicated, there has been  due to weather factors, shortages that have occurred, out of South America that's actually helped in terms of global supply demand balance that we're seeing right now. And that's a favorable with respect to U.S. exports in the back half of the year. Then lastly, you take a look at the U.S. crop, I mean, the USDA numbers are very, very healthy. But I mean, expectations are that potentially crop could actually be bigger than what the USDA is predicting. So, the supply environment and the opportunity book for basis opportunities in the U.S. actually becomes a lot real as we move into the back half of this year compared to where we were last year. So, in general, that's the reason why we're seeing a lot more optimism particularly for the Ag Services division as we move into the back half of this year compared to where we were last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you and good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I wanted to ask a little bit more about Wilmar and just kind of what's going on right there. Juan, I think, you're on the board, or one of you guys are on the board over there, and I'm just curious as to kind of the risk management failure over there, and has it been corrected? I believe this relates to soybeans. And business, as you guys know, extremely well. So, I'm just curious on what's going on. The question specifically then relates to is this like a third-quarter effect only, would their losses kind of persist into other quarters? And then are some  are there  were there opportunities in the second quarter in terms of crushing margins that ADM might have been able to lock in that could be a big offset to these problems that Wilmar is going to generate in the P&L in the third quarter? Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thank you, David. So, yes. I am in the board of Wilmar. Listen, the significant loss was triggered by extremely volatile movements in soybean future prices and board crush margins in Q2 caused by you know rapidly evolving crop conditions in Argentina. The Wilmar risk management to the extent that I can comment on that, I mean, they're going to be releasing earnings next week. So, I need to be prudent here. But the Wilmar risk management process include having the risk limits and loss limits and having stop losses on positions like every risk company and with the abrupt movements in prices, these stop losses were triggered in Q2. Without going into the details of their performance, we do believe this being a one-off situation, and if you think about Wilmar, they participate in a very  I mean they are a very large crusher, and they participate in a very volatile part of the world, this is their first quarterly loss since their IPO in 2006. So, this  it's not that this is a common occurrence and as unfortunate as it is, we do believe that hopefully it's a one-off. But again, I will relate you to their earnings call that is going to happen in  I think in August 12. Regarding the  our ability to offset some of these with Q3 performance in Oilseeds, obviously, this is $100 million delta in Q3, which is difficult. We are optimistic about our Oilseeds performance in the second half and we believe that for  the U.S. will be a center stage for exports during the second half of the year. So, at this point in time, we believe that Oilseeds will be able to have very good performance in Q3 even despite the $100 million that you will have to adjust for the Wilmar impact.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Really appreciate the comments. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: My question focuses on Ag Services. There's been a lot of volatility in the grain markets. So, could you kind of help us benchmark what's that earnings range and earnings on a normal year we should think about Ag Services? And going forward, what are the key drivers of just fundamental growth in that business?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Farha. I think, you described it correctly. Given the last couple of years that we have with a lot of volatility, I will probably refrain from issuing a statement on the range until we see us going through this more normalized conditions, if you will. We certainly are very optimistic for the second half of the year in Ag Services with several components. As I talked a little bit about exports, and we feel very confident about that. We have a big book on already with strong elevation margins. We see strong demand continues and the combination of strong demand with certainly large crops in the U.S. will bode well for Ag Services in order to be able to handle a lot of grain. Wheat carries are there. And I think with a little bit of softening of the  on the dollar plus the big crops, the U.S. is competitive in soybeans, is competitive in  certainly is competitive in corn, is competitive in soybeans. And it's getting competitive in wheat. So, I think that bodes very well for our Ag Services business. So...
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Can I take a picture of kind of like 2017 and beyond? And if I think about the increased protein consumption out there, I think about increased chicken production, hog production, cattle production, increased soybean meal demand, can you make a case that your soy  your crush margin outlook should actually be structurally higher going to 2017? And how are you positioned to take advantage of that? Or are you not positioned to take the advantage of that?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think we are, Ken. I  we tend to agree with you. We think that with the growth rates that there are out there and it can continue to tighten capacity until the point in which it makes sense to start expanding capacity. So, we believe in growing margins going forward and we believe that we are in excellent position to do that. You heard me saying several times about our flex capacity and how we have added to our plans, the ability to crush more soybeans and we have done that in several parts of the world, not only in North America, but also in Europe. And there has been the bottlenecks; we reported this quarter, record soybean crush in both Europe and North America, and that's the fruits basically of our operational excellence effort in which every plant has been able to turn a little bit more of a bigger output as the market demand. So, we think we are very well-positioned and we think that the market requires that. So, we tend to agree with you. We think that 2017 and forward could be good years for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. I was hoping you'd kind of give us a sense on that subject about where forward crush margins are today in the second half. You said they had come down from very high levels. Would you consider those forward margins better than average, average? How would you describe them?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think at this point in time in the U.S., the plants are running at the mid-80%s capacity. And we believe that the margins are solid margins, strong margins for North America. So, without giving you any specific numbers, it comes down from an exceptional position, if you will, but we still believe that they are strong. The global customer have not come to the market that aggressively yet, so at this point in time, I will say our export book trails a little bit the one of last year, but we believe that that's going to be corrected so...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I've got two questions, both pretty brief. Third quarter, Ag Services. We've all seen the USDA export numbers that they have for this crop year which we only have, what, 4 weeks left or 4.5 weeks. And it seems like, I don't know if we get that all shipped in this quarter, but it seems like on a sequential quarterly basis, we should see an improvement in your Ag Services business. Whether you get to a year-over-year positive in Q3 is questionable, but would you expect to start seeing some improvement in Q3 with majority mostly in Q4 for the year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Eric, we expect Q3 to be significantly better than the quarters that we've been posting in Ag Services and certainly with the potential for Q4 obviously to be even bigger. But we will see the improvement already in Q3, and I will say it should be a strong improvement.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Good. And then,Juan, one of the things that's actually been a bit of a surprise to me, really, I think, it started in the fourth quarter last year, can you give us a little flavor for the soft seed business? I think in Q4 last year, it was about a negative $50 million operating profit swing in soft seeds, which was a big number, and it continues to be pretty soft. Can you talk about the quinoa side of it for a minute? And does that have a chance of coming back and that would be a, I would think, as good an improvement in your oil seed crush or in your oil seed profits for the second half as probably anything else?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It's been weak so far, as you referred to, Eric. And  but you know, at this point in time, Canada is looking at a very good crop and with China having drawn down some of the oil stocks, we think that a good story may be brewing now there for Canadian crush business. So, we have become recently more positive about that business, and the perspective of that business for the second half.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just a quick follow-up. Can you talk about your progress? When you talk about the ethanol options that you have, can you give us a wide range of what you're looking at and what the timing is of that?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Ken, it's Ray here. Yes, as we indicated, we've already done management presentations to some potential interested parties. We've been very open-minded in terms of what alternatives we would consider, whether it be a sale, whether it be joint ventures, whether it be some other structures there. We're going to evaluate all these options. We expect first indications back to us in the month of August, and we'll look at what makes sense from a value maximization perspective for our company here.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Is there an option that you'd actually want to keep more of the business than you previously expected given the progression of the ethanol margins?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: If we get fair value for the assets, I think that's highly unlikely.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. This is Mike Henry in for Mike Piken. Thank you for the question. Going back to ethanol, just curious if you guys could give some color on the current run rate or capacity that you were utilizing during the second quarter, what that should look like going forward, and any commentary on what level you would potentially bring capacity back online or run production a little bit harder. And then just second question, if you could give some more color around the biodiesel impact in the second half on timing and the potential for that to provide some incremental upside in Oilseeds? Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Mike. So the issue with when you think about the ethanol industry when we came into the Q2 in April, ethanol inventories were basically very high, running about 8% above last year. So, obviously, going into the driving season, we took some shutdowns. And at the end of July, inventories are about 3.4% above last year. So a more normal, if you will, inventory situation. So, at this point in time, we will continue to titrate that, whether we run for yield as I describe sometimes or we run for volume. I think that given the volatility of the ethanol results, we'd probably always keep an eye on running for yield. But we probably don't see the need right now to slow down like we did in Q2 where we took a hit for the volume that we didn't move, so.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the question regarding just the timing effects, I've indicated in prior calls that in the Oilseeds division, we normally have some level of timing effects. In this quarter, it was really related to soft seeds and biodiesel. In the past, I've indicated this normal range. It could be anywhere up to $40 million to $50 million, plus or minus. And so in this particular quarter, it was more of a negative timing effect that we expect to reverse out in the second half of this year. So we didn't call out a number. It's within our normal ranges. So it's within the normal $40 million to $50 million type of number that we would normally have.
Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Juan and Ray, can you comment a little bit more about the legacy businesses in the WFSI division and what's causing the underperformance? And I think you said that there were slower-than-expected revenue synergies. Was it in that division? And if so, can you explain why?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So some of the legacy businesses, one of the businesses is, for example, hydrocolloids. Hydrocolloids go like about half of it to food applications and that continues to go really well, but about half of it goes to drilling fluids. And as you can read, the industry has basically reduced significantly the drilling in the U.S., so that market has been significantly impacted. So nothing to do with our food strategy, if you will, but it happens that we report it in that segment. The second is related to fibers, the fibers market. It has a little bit of overcapacity, so prices have been soft there, and we have some more competition. And one of the businesses that we are acquired, SCI, have had some issues with the inventory that we needed to write off or sell it at a discount because they may not have been in the greatest of conditions. So all those three things basically impacted the WFSI business. On the other hand, WILD Flavors is growing significantly and it's going to post growth of about 20% year-over-year basically on innovation that is happening at the customer level. So when we talked about the revenue synergies being a little bit slow, it's because obviously, first of all, you need to think about how to combine all these products into a new solution. And then you create the prototypes and then you present those to the customer and customers create a marketing campaign and also look at the potential for that product and look at the stability of those products. So that approval process takes a little bit longer, especially in some of the companies that are very much focusing nowadays on cost and productivity. And they may not have that many people to take care of this product. So that's why we tried to ramp up a little bit more the cost synergies to make sure we don't fall behind in our promises. But, as I've said, the WILD Flavors business is going strong and having again probably a 20% increase in profits versus already a record year like it was 2015. So we are extremely proud of the business.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. It relates to sweeteners and starches. Do you think that the profits you're seeing in that business are sustainable going into next year? And could you discuss your shifting of the grind to higher value-added products? Is there any measures we can put against that?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Farha. I wouldn't like to describe a number or talking about the number for 2017, but certainly, the dynamics at this point in time in the industry calls for a little bit of a continuation of the supply-demand fundamentals we see now. Certainly, exports to Mexico have been better than expected certainly. There has been a flattening of the secular decline of the U.S. domestic market, if you will. And what we continue to do, which we like and it bodes well for the future of the business is we continue to introduce new products. And some of these products are more at the developmental stage, if you will, but some you can see in the press releases that we continue to launch these products. At this point in time, I cannot give you top of my head something that you could look at to track the progression of that portfolio. But traditionally, five years ago, we look at trying to replace 10% of the grind, if you will, just in case hydrocolloids (53:25) were going to decline 2% per year, which is nothing happened. So we haven't needed to bring all those products, but we have all those developments. And as we're trying to sell up our capacity and bring products that got higher margins, we continue to introduce some of that. So, probably, we will get together with our businesses and we will try to come up with some kind of indication that at least you can track on the progress of that initiatives. We haven't done it, as I said, because of the strength of sweeteners and starches. We didn't feel that we needed to communicate anything of that.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: One thing to note, Farha, is we have purchased the remaining interest in Eaststarch. That is something different and that is an increment compared to where we were before. So that clearly is a positive. And as we indicated in prior calls, the Eaststarch acquisition was about $0.04 per share accretive to our overall earnings going forward.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: That was our last question. I turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 13:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President-Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you kindly, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two. The company's safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then, Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update on our scorecard, and discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide three. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.42. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $573 million. Global dynamics reduced margins across the U.S. agricultural export sector, the U.S. ethanol industry, and in the soybean crushing industry worldwide. Challenging market conditions continued in the first quarter, particularly affecting Ag Services. Low U.S. export volumes and weak margins continued and in the quarter poor results from the Global Trade Desk impacted results for Ag Services. Results for corn improved compared to the first quarter one year ago, led by strong performance in sweeteners and starches. For Oilseeds, global protein demand remains solid. However first-quarter results were impacted by weak global crush margins, WFSI results were in line with expectations. So, while our adjusted ROIC was below WACC on a four-quarter trailing average basis, we expect to be above WACC for the full year. We continue to take actions to mitigate the impact of near-term market conditions. During the quarter, we continued to advance our strategic plan. We acquired a controlling stake in Harvest Innovations, enhancing ADM's plant protein, gluten-free ingredients portfolio. We announced the purchase of a corn wet mill in Morocco that will further expand our global sweeteners footprint. We opened our new state-of-the-art flavor creation, application and customer innovation center in Cranbury, New Jersey. And as part of our ongoing portfolio management efforts, we reached an agreement to sell our Brazilian sugarcane ethanol operations. In addition, we achieved almost $50 million of run-rate savings in the quarter and remain on track to meet our $275 million target by the end of the calendar year. We repurchased about $300 million of shares in the quarter and paid dividends of about $200 million as we continue to execute on our balanced capital allocation framework. The first-half of the year continues to present a challenging environment. However, we are cautiously optimistic that reduced South American soybean and corn production could bring improved soybean crush margins and merchandising opportunities in the second-half of the year. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard progress later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Juan. Slide four provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.42, down from the $0.78 in the year-ago quarter. Excluding specified items, adjusted segment operating profit was $573 million, down $319 million. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 25%, compared to 29% in the first quarter of the prior year, largely due to differing geographic mix of earnings. Although, it is still early in the year and our full-year tax rate will largely depend upon the number of factors going forward, at this point, I would expect our tax rate to be at the lower end or below the 28% to 30% range that I mentioned in the fourth quarter earnings call. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 6.3%, is 30 basis points below our 2016 annual WACC of 6.6%. Our objective for the full year 2016 is to earn an ROIC in excess of our cost of capital despite the challenging operating environment that's likely to persist for the majority of the year. On chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.39 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.42 per share. For this quarter, we had asset impairment and restructuring charges of approximately $0.01 per share and LIFO charges of approximately $0.02 per share. Slide five provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the unique items impacting our quarterly results. There was nothing extraordinary in terms of unique accounting or special items in the operating lines to note this quarter. In the corporate lines, net interest expense was down due to lower interest rates and the favorable effects of the debt restructuring from last year. Unallocated corporate costs of $116 million were slightly higher than year-ago quarter due to asset impairment charges of approximately $11 million, primarily from some software impairment. Going forward, unallocated corporate costs should be in the area of $120 million per quarter as I have outlined in prior earnings calls. And minority interest in other was significantly unfavorable to the prior year after absorbing $50 million of equity income losses or $0.08 per share after tax, booked in this quarter and which was included in both reported EPS and adjusted EPS, related to updated portfolio investment valuations in CIP, an investment joint venture that we've held since the late 1980s and in which ADM currently has a 43.7% equity interest. Turning to the cash flow statement on slide six, here's the cash flow statement for three-month period ending March 31, 2016, compared to the same period the prior year. We generated $557 million from operations before working capital changes in the quarter, slightly lower than the first quarter of last year. Total capital spending for the quarter was $180 million, down from the prior year's $244 million. Included in the other investing activities line is our increased investment in Wilmar to a 20% level. During the quarter, we spent about $0.3 billion to repurchase approximately 9 million shares. Our objective remains to repurchase $1 billion to $1.5 billion of our own stock in calendar year 2016. Our average share count for the quarter was 597 million diluted shares outstanding, down 42 million from the same period one year ago. Our total return of capital to shareholders, including dividends was about $0.5 billion for the quarter. We can see that there was a balanced use of cash between CapEx, M&A and capital returned to shareholders in quarter. Slide seven shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of March 31. Our operating working capital of $7.7 billion was down $0.5 billion from the year ago period. Total debt was approximately $6.6 billion, resulting in a net debt balance of $5.4 billion, up slightly from the 2015 net debt level of $5.1 million, in part, reflecting the issuance in June 2015 of the 1.1 billion of euro debt and the subsequent repurchase of $0.9 billion of U.S. debt. Our leverage position remains healthy, with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 22%. Our shareholders' equity of $17.9 billion was down from the $18.8 billion level last year due to shareholder capital returns in excess of net income by approximately $870 million and a cumulative translation account also down about $80 million due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. We had $5.9 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of March. If you add available cash, we had access to over $7 billion of short-term liquidity. Our balance sheet remains solid. Next, Juan will take us through a review of the business performance. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to slide eight. In the first quarter, we earned $573 million of operating profit, excluding specified items, down from the $892 million from last year's first quarter. Ag Services results were challenged by lower U.S. export volumes, significantly lower margins and unfavorable merchandising positions from the Global Trade Desk. Results from corn improved in the quarter, compared to the first quarter last year, led by strong performance in sweeteners and starches. For Oilseeds, results were impacted by lower global crush margins compared to an exceptional strong year-ago quarter. WFSI was in line with expectations, up from the prior year with solid performance from WILD Flavors and higher results from specialty proteins. As a result, segment operating (11:25) was down 36% versus the year-ago quarter. Now, we'll review the performance of each segment and provide additional details. Starting on slide nine, in the first quarter, Ag Services' results were down significantly compared to last year's first quarter. In merchandising and handling, we continued to see a challenging merchandising environment for our Ag Services North American footprint. We saw weak U.S. export competitiveness, lower North American volumes and significantly reduced margins. In addition, we had a quarterly loss for the Global Trade Desk compared to positive results last year. Losses from the Global Trade Desk were caused in part by unfavorable merchandising positions. These were unrealized losses generated in part by the significant movements in prices at the end of March. In transportation, results declined due to low U.S. exports and high water conditions on the Mississippi River system that drove lower barge volumes and higher operating costs. Milling and other had a solid quarter, but results were down due to lower grain and feed margins. Please turn to slide 10. Corn processing results were up slightly, led by results in sweeteners and starches, which performed well with an improved cost environment and strong capacity utilization. In addition, Eaststarch results were up, in part due to the consolidation of the results of the acquired operations in November 2015. Our Olenex joint venture also had stronger results in the quarter with solid sweetener demand in Mexico. Bioproducts results were down in the quarter due to tough lysine and ethanol margins. Ethanol margins continued to be driven by high industry production levels that caused inventories to build throughout the quarter. In April, we saw inventories come down in the month as domestic and export demand remains solid and production levels slowed. This is due in part to seasonal maintenance programs of many plants in our industry. In addition, the continued overcapacity of the global lysine market negatively impacted results. While we expect this to continue through the second quarter, we are taking actions to further improve our lysine operations and are looking to stabilize the business in the second half of the year. Slide 11 please. Oilseeds results were down in the quarter versus an exceptionally strong quarter one year ago. Crushing and origination declined from last year's high levels. While global protein demand remains solid, global soybean crush and origination results were down significantly due to lower global margins resulting from increased Argentine soymeal exports. U.S. crush volumes were down primarily due to reduced U.S. mill exports. In addition, lower soft seed crush volumes and weaker Brazilian commercialization that slowed throughout the quarter negatively affected results. Refined oils, packaged oils and biodiesel was down with stronger results from North America and Europe, partially offset by weaker results in South America. North American biodiesel demand was strong with the extension of the biodiesel credit to the end of the year. With the sale of cocoa business in October 2015, results decreased $24 million compared to last year. Oilseeds results in Asia for the quarter declined due primarily to Wilmar's lower fourth quarter earnings. In April, we started to see improvements in soy board crush margins. While these movements create near-term negative mark-to-market implications for our positions in the second quarter, this improved crush margins, if sustained, should translate to better results in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Slide 12, please. WFSI results were up from last year and in line with our expectations for the quarter. We saw solid performance from WILD Flavors and higher results from specialty ingredients, including specialty proteins, polyols and natural health and nutrition products. Results included more than $3 million in operational startup costs for the Tianjin Fibersol facility in China and the Campo Grande specialty protein complex in Brazil. With more than 900 revenue-synergy projects identified, WFSI remains on track to achieve its 2016 targets. Only two months in, we're excited about what we see for Harvest Innovations. It's a great example of how you can plug the right bolt-on and drive results. We can leverage our internal origination strength, originate all the soybeans and contract the acres, yet benefit from the specialty ingredients component of WFSI. Harvest is a nice business, a quality facility and provides a great complement to our existing commodity network, yet allows us to feed our specialty business while building out our portfolio. We would remain on track to achieve our 15% to 20% operating profit growth target for 2016. In the second quarter, we expect some modest underlying growth on a year-over-year basis and we'll continue to see some additional startup costs. Our growth will be more concentrated in the second half based upon the pattern of new business and synergy realizations, the startup of Campo Grande, as well as the avoidance of some unique one-time costs incurred last year. Now on slide 13, I'd like to update you on how we're strengthening and growing our company. We highlighted some of the areas in which we made significant progress recently. I'll discuss a few. In Ag Services, we continue to grow our destination marketing capabilities as we recently closed in April our Medsofts joint venture in Egypt. In corn, we announced plans to acquire a Casablanca, Morocco-based corn wet mill that produces glucose and native starch. The facility is the leading sweeteners and starch supplier in the country that should see substantial demand growth in the coming years. In the quarter, we also announced the agreement to sell our sugarcane ethanol operations in Brazil. And we are making good progress with the strategic review of our ethanol dry mill operations, which we announced in February. In Oilseeds, we began significant expansion and modernization of the Santos port in Brazil, expanding annual storage and grain handling capacity from 6 million to 8 million metric tons. And in WFSI, we acquired Harvest Innovations, a leading producer of non-GMO, organic, and gluten-free ingredients that consumers are demanding in increasing numbers. We also expect our Campo Grande soy protein complex in Brazil to begin ramping up production during the second half of the year. We have targeted plans to expand our business with existing customers and gain new customer business in this important region. In March, we opened our new WFSI state-of-the-art flavor creation, application and customer innovation center in Cranbury, New Jersey. Also, just two weeks ago, ADM celebrated a grand opening of the new headquarters of National Foodworks Services, a food innovation center in Decatur, Illinois. And we announced the launch of the Food Innovation Challenge, designed to inspire more entrepreneurs to develop and commercialize their food innovation in the Midwest. Together, these initiatives leveraged the broad strengths of ADM and the food ingredient strengths of our WFSI business unit. So, these are just a few of the highlights from the quarter. We'll continue to update you on our scorecard progress each quarter and over time, you should expect to see the results of all this. So, before we take your questions, I wanted to offer also some additional forward perspectives. As I indicated earlier, the first half of the year continues to present a challenging environment. And our performance in the first quarter reinforces that we have more work to do, to focus on actions that we can control and which will make the company better in the long run. These actions include our ongoing focus on costs, lightening up the amount of capital in our business, additional geographic diversification and our continued efforts to move further downstream in the value-chain. Separately, there are some new global developments that make us cautiously optimistic as we look at the second half of the year. First, the heavy rain in Argentina is reducing the size of the Argentine soybean crop, creating a tighter soybean balance sheet that supports higher global crush margins. Second, dry weather in Brazil is also reducing the size of the soybean crop and the safrinha corn crop. Third, the U.S. dollar has established against the currencies of other crop-growing regions. And finally, the tighter soybean balance sheet is further supported by strong global protein demand. For Ag Services, the second quarter is a seasonal low volume quarter. However, we are seeing a large North American corn crop get planted in ideal conditions, which supports larger production. With the reduced South American crop, this could bring added export volumes and merchandising opportunities in the later part of the third quarter and fourth quarter. For corn, sweeteners and starches continues to benefit from the flexibility at our wet mills, steady demand and low costs. The integration of the Eaststarch acquisition is going better than expected and will continue to help expand our global product portfolio and customer reach. The ethanol industry margins remain challenged, although domestic and export demand remains strong and inventories have started to come down recently. The second half of 2016 currently has the potential for a better pricing environment, with tighter supply/demand, but the key driver will be future production versus demand. For Oilseeds in the second quarter, South America will continue to have more favorable supply economics. South America conditions are reducing global supplies, creating a tighter global stocks-to-usage scenario. This, along with solid growth in protein demand, is creating a better margin environment for soybeans. These market events have the potential for a modest improvement in late 2016. For WFSI, on trend items like clean label, GMO-free, organic and natural, all fit well within the ADM's strategy and leverage the WFSI portfolio. With a diverse product portfolio, turnkey system solutions, and more than 900 revenue-synergy projects identified, we continue to build this business for the future. And WFSI remains on track to achieve second-half weighted 2016 profit targets So, thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we'll be participating. Now, we would like to open for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Evan Morris with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Evan.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey. Juan, thank you for that outlook here. I guess, just still struggling a little bit. There has been a lot of things that have changed over the past few weeks. And I guess, just starting with your cautiously optimistic about the second-half, I guess is that a little bit more optimistic than you were, a little less optimistic, same? I guess, there's again a lot of moving pieces, what's more positive, what's more negative? I guess at the end of the day, when you kind of add this all up, does it put you in a  results going to be worse than expected for 2Q, but maybe better for the back half? if you can kind of just help to frame some of that, again given all the things that have changed over the past couple of weeks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. If you'll recall, Evan, at our last earnings call we provided a scenario for the year and if I compare that scenario versus what we see today, I will say that in Ag Services, given the tough start of the year and probably a similar Q2 to the Q1, we are less optimistic about Ag Services' overall results for 2016. In corn, what we said that we will see improvement in 2016 over 2015, we are even more confident about that given the strength of our sweeteners and starches and how the year is evolving. If you look at the Oilseeds, we said that Oilseeds, we were expecting a down year versus the strong 2015, and we still expect that, but as you described, we are more optimistic about the second half of the year given some of the tightness in South America. In WFSI, we continue to be excited about the future of that business and we continue to be in line with our previous forecast of growing 15% to 20% year-over-year. So, I will say, in general, we see the year similar to the last time, maybe a little bit better given these puts and takes.
Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. No, that's really helpful. And then just a couple, I guess more housekeeping kind of questions. On that Global Trade Desk loss, I mean how much was that, does that reverse in coming quarters? If you can just help us understand that, Ray.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say, maybe I start and I'll let Ray do  our positions were not immune to the end of the quarter movements, significant volatility that we have. So we saw some of that. Some of that are open positions, some was mark-to-market, so part of that will come back. Maybe, Ray, you want to provide a little bit more color to that?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I mean, I think that as we kind of closed up the quarter, I think we indicated that Ag Services should probably be in a lower end of the three-digit range. And I think that really what happened was with the movement in prices at the end of March, a lot of our positions kind of went negative. Most of it is unrealized in nature. We think some of these are timing effects. When you think about where we ended up, like $76 million versus let's say in the low $100 million, we were maybe $30 million off, some of it's timing related, maybe a third of it's probably timing related, some of it's unrealized positions, unrealized losses. We'll probably figure out where these contracts actually settle, where the prices will end up and there were some other unique items in that variance, which are really one timers that don't expect to repeat itself. So I think, Evan, it's a mixture of a combination of various factors that kind of caused this variance here.
Evan Morris - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks. I'll pass it along.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Evan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan Stanley (sic) [Securities] (29:04). Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, it's JPMorgan. I'll leave it there. Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Can you talk a little bit about what's happened in the last few weeks? Again, not to hover on that, but we'd seen a lot of farmers selling when prices rose. We're seeing exports pick up a little bit. Can you talk about why Q2 wouldn't shape up to be better than Q1 in Ag Services just given where we are today?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say couple of reasons. You're correct. We had a couple of days of very strong farmer selling as the board rallied. We're seeing that and we're seeing with the dollar stabilizing or weakening a little bit with regards to the other currencies, U.S. becoming a little bit more competitive. Well our cautious look to Q2, Ann, is mostly on Ag Services, because when we think about it, part of that is, second quarter is traditionally our lower export volume. South America becomes more competitive with the harvest and in general, our exports, even in good times, they tend to drop about 20% from Q1 to Q2, so they become  Q2 is the low margin. But also, even if exports will increase a little bit, there is still ample capacity and we don't foresee a big pickup in margins even if exports climb from this depressed level. So, we want to be mindful that, it may look a little bit better volume into Q2, it may not be reflected completely in significant pickup in margins for us. That's our view at the moment, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. And then just a little bit in terms of what your team is thinking for planted acres in the U.S., given the recent pricing movements. Is your team thinking perhaps more soybeans, more corn? Where do you stand if prices remain as is?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. At this point in time, we're thinking a little bit more soybeans maybe.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there and get back in line. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey Farha.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: First question's for Ray. Ray, you have highlighted an $0.08 per share charge related to a JV. Do you view that as one time an item, so we could exclude it or is that part of a regular kind of mark-to-market that we should include in results?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. It means CIP is an investment that we've had since the late 1980s. Generally, it's actually a fairly stable equity earnings that they contribute to our results and that's the reason why we never really highlight it in any of our quarterly earnings call. It just happens. Like this time around, they actually had a significant revaluation of some of the private equity investments, which resulted in really a valuation reduction that when translated to ADM equity earnings, resulted in a $50 million negative impact. I view it as a unique item, because normally, it is not a factor in our earnings. And so, while we did not exclude it from adjusted EPS, so therefore our adjusted EPS number includes the $0.08 loss. I do view it as kind of a unique factor. So, when I think about run rate of earnings for this company, I would think about it in the context of excluding the $0.08 per share.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And in terms of run rate earnings, could you just review any updates you have? Because I think that in the last call you were talking about $2.30 in earnings, plus another $0.30 benefit from your repurchase of shares and your cost savings program. So, normal run rate earnings we should expect from ADM is around the $2.60 level. Is that still the right way to think about it in context of the improvement in market conditions we've seen?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, the way I kind of think about it, if you recall, in the fourth quarter earnings call, we indicated that the base earnings of the company had been negatively impacted by the headwinds that we've seen. So I think we outlined that probably our base with the current headwind was probably in the neighborhood of $2.30, $2.40 a share. I think that given what we've seen in the Ag Services start for the first quarter of the year and likely a continuation in the second quarter, maybe some additional pressures on this base, although as Juan indicated, there could be some upside as it relates to where Ag Services and where Oilseeds may end up in the fourth quarter with the impact of the South American harvest. And so, I guess from my perspective, Farha, I think we're in the same ballpark at this point in time. I am encouraged that in terms of the improvements, the $1 to $1.50 of earnings improvements that we're driving over the medium term, I am encouraged that we believe we're still on track for those $1 to $1.50. So, namely, the work that we're doing in terms of getting the accretion from our recent investments, getting the accretion from WILD and the synergies related to WILD, getting the benefits of the operational excellence initiatives, and as you saw, reduced share count from our capital allocation framework, which includes buying back shares. So I'm encouraged that we're on track on the $1 to $1.50 of earnings improvements over the medium term.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And my final question, Juan, you had mentioned in your prepared commentary that you made good progress on your review of the ethanol assets. Any timeline that you are willing to place or any more color you can provide on that review?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. The team continues, Farha, to analyze that. I mean, we made progress in terms also, carving out financials, getting an advisor and so, they are working on that. We, obviously, are going to manage the timing of that to maximize value for ADM in all these options. So, at this point, we have nothing else to announce other than we continue to make good progress. We're getting closer to make a decision on that.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome, Farha.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you and good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Wanted to ask a few questions. On ethanol, is the business expected to be profitable in the second quarter given what you're seeing on margins?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: As I said before, I think, margins have  inventories have being reduced over the quarter and margins have improved a little bit. So, we will expect it to be profitable, yes, at this point, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And then, Juan, could you frame-up your bigger picture assessment of the ethanol F&D right now? I mean, I think you made some comments about exports and so forth that were good, demand was good.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): How tight do you envision the F&D in totality in 2016?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We look at export markets continue to be strong. We've seen exports to China continues to be strong. Other than the traditional destination, there has been a significant growth versus last year of China and domestic demand is probably up in the range of may be 2% to 3% for the year. So, when you take domestic demand plus strong exports, we are thinking something in the range of 15 billion gallons and maybe we think that capacity piece is slightly above 15 billion gallons. So, I think a lot will be determined by the strengths of this driving season we are going to be heading into now with the summer and how some of the producers react. I think that you have seen some of the shutdowns mostly due to planned maintenance in anticipation of the driving season, that has cleaned up part of the inventory backlog that we have built over this year, but we're still above 4% higher than inventories of last year. So, although we are getting better at that, there is still a significant amount of product that's there and that's why we've been a little bit more cautious. We continue to run for margins and trying to optimize our operations and we will continue to do so. But we saw the development of second quarter as a positive one versus how we started the year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. On the crush margins, in January we saw crush margins that were down in the low $0.30 per bushel, recent margins are like, I don't know, in the $0.70 per bushel, so it's like a big rally. However, on your comments, I take away that you really don't feel all that optimistic on crush margins in the second quarter and that it was only this movement on the board crush that gives you optimism on the third quarter and fourth quarter. If I've said that all correctly, maybe could you just say why don't the improvement in crush margins filter into 2Q?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, David, I just mentioned that normally when these crush margins expand like the way they did, we normally take a negative mark-to-market in that quarter. So, I was just saying from your modeling purposes, if you will, it is a positive development for us, for the rest of the year, so we feel good about it. Maybe I didn't express myself with the right amount of enthusiasm about it. It's obviously a positive for us. It's just in the short-term, I want to make sure you remember that we normally take a negative mark-to-market to that and we still don't know the magnitude of that. That is obviously evolving. But I will say, as I said in my initial remarks, we are more optimistic now than we were at the beginning of the year about the forecast for Oilseeds for the rest of the year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): That's super helpful. And just one last one, Ray. On the cost savings, you give this run rate number. Can you say what the realized savings were in the first quarter and what the realized savings will be in 2016, as opposed to run rates if they are different?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I mean, just because of the timing issue, right, so roughly, half, we would say that it's been realized. But the reason why we give run rate, David, is just to  I mean that's how we kind of evaluate ourselves in terms of getting towards a  how much earnings power, operational excellence is contributing towards the company. And so, as you know, we set the objective at $275 million and so, we track it in order to determine  based upon all the initiatives that we've actually got to execute in the first quarter, what does that translate on an annualized basis. So that's the reason why we provide that number to you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: David, to give you some reference, when we said in the strategy that we count on $0.10 of accretion every year, so last year, when the run rate savings were about in the $220 million, $250 million, the actual savings for the year were about $90 million. So, if you think that this year we are planning $275 million depending on how these projects are implemented, but you think about half of that or something in the range $100 million to $120 million, that's where they should land for this year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Terrific guys. Thank you so much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. I guess these questions will be around the edges. But I don't know, if you mentioned the reason for the financial results being so much higher than a year ago. Is there something happening in terms of your relationships with farmers that's giving you strong results there and how sustainable? And then also on lysine, do you expect those losses to persist for the rest of the year, and are they significant enough, I guess, to kind of offset or fully offset the modest margin positive you expect in ethanol?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So I'll take the first one, Rob. So on other, financial was stronger than usual, a couple of reasons. I mean we actually had some strong results from our ADM investor services, I mean it's just like higher volatility in markets translates into higher volumes, and so that's been a benefit. The big one is, there was another investment that we've had over in Asia that actually had a distribution of earnings. And so, we were able to capture that in this quarter. Again, I would view that as kind of a positive. Would it be reoccurring in the future? Probably not, but it was a positive result for us in the first quarter.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Rob on the lysine front, there are market conditions that there is overcapacity in that industry, but then the results were also aggravated with some problems that we had in our own operations. We have addressed those through a project that we're implementing. That project will be on-stream by late Q3. So, we're going to see from our own self-help, better forecast for results for lysine in the second half. And then, we were encouraged by some of the price increases we have seen. So, we think that the impact of negative lysine economics in the second half will be less than in the first half. I can't quantify whether it's going to be positive at this point in time, it depends on the project we're implementing, but significantly better than what the first half will be.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And just a quick follow-up. When I am looking at the USDA's estimates on grain exports, it seems like there is more good news lately after a very slow start to the year. Is what you're saying that you might participate in that good news, some increased volume, but maybe you bought the grain itself at higher levels and therefore, your cost basis is too high in order to make a good margin on that export volume, is that another way of saying it?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. What I was referring, Rob, was that the elevation margins, the export margins are a function of the capacity utilization of the export terminals, if you will, and there is still export capacity available in the U.S. So, what I was cautioning is that a small increase in export volumes may not create an exponential increase in the margins. So, I just wanted to cautious on that that it will not be a big multiplier effect. First of all, you need to fill the capacity, and since we are coming from very depressed levels, it will take a while. So, we are encouraged by the more competitiveness of U.S. exports and we expect that that will flow through our normal market share of that, we just don't expect a significant improvement in Q2. We expect Ag Services probably to have a better scenario after Q3, after we have the strong potential U.S. harvest.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for the color. Could you walk us through a little bit more about the savings quarterly, about some of your cost savings programs, and which segments or sub-segments we might expect them to show up in in future quarters?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Michael, sure. Traditionally, given the corn business is the business with the biggest plants and the biggest units, that's where most of the work tend to happen. So, I will normally think that between 50% and 60% of all our savings should show in the corn segment. You have to understand though that part of these savings are related to energy savings and obviously, with low energy prices, some of that shifted a little bit versus maybe what they used to be a couple of years ago. There is a lot going on also in terms of optimization of logistics. There is better software now that we can use to reduce shipments, to reduce storage, so. And then there is the issue, the contribution of purchasing. And I will say the contribution of purchasing in reduced raw material costs and consolidation of supply and SKUs, that normally shows in Oilseeds and in corn where they both buy chemicals. So, I would say the operational, 50%, 60% in corn, the rest is probably a split between corn and Oilseeds, with the smallest part going to Ag Services, which is mostly a storage business, have less opportunities to improve cost of operations.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And from a timing perspective, I mean, is it going to be more back half weighted, most of these cost savings?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's because they are all related to projects that some of them imply some spending. So, yes, normally they ramp up over the year. So, it's more second half loaded. Also, in the first half, we normally take most of the non-discretionary investments. So, the maintenance we do in our plants in the first half. So, a lot of the activity of operations and engineering in the first half is mostly to maintain the plants. So, the projects to improve, they tend to happen later in the year as we give priority to the maintenance plants.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then lastly, if you could talk a little bit about the longer term outlook for WILD Flavors, and specifically, when you think you might be able to hit your return targets and what would be a good revenue run rate growth to you for 2016 and 2017, that would will be great?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Michael, we are very proud of our acquisition of WILD Flavors. Think about this, I think, a lot of people have doubt how a specialty company like WILD Flavors will be handled by a perceived commodity company like ADM. And we are very proud to say that, in the first year of operations, WILD Flavors actually had all-time record profit. So, I mean, we think that the integration went very, very well. We provided a great home and we have assimilated all that talent and that we are very happy working together. You have to realize that that unit, that end up being WFSI, went through a lot last year. It was their first year of operations and they not only had to integrate WILD with specialty ingredients, but also they need to integrate SCI, they need to integrate Eatem Foods, and now they are integrating Harvest Innovation. So, we're creating something for the future, a long-term powerhouse in terms of ingredients and natural food and beverage, but in the mean time, we are delivering on the quarterly results on our goal. So, if you think about cost synergies, when we thought at the beginning they were going to be around $40 million, we're talking now about $70 million and revenue synergies are also going very well. So, we really feel very good. We still believe we're going to hit our three-year target for ROIC for the business and the business should grow revenue in the range of about 5% to 6% per year. We're thinking growing profits in 15%, 20% for WFSI. So, we feel very good about that. But again, I just want to make sure people are reminded, we're building this for the future. There are a lot of things that we're bringing on stream. We're bringing a Fibersol plant on stream right now, we're bringing a huge vegetable protein complex in Brazil. More than $200 million of expense, many units of operations, so all that bring a lot of noise to the P&L because we have commissioning costs, we have all those things. So  but we're just very happy the way the team is delivering and the way the customers are reacting to that, so.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Ken.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just a couple questions. One is, in this kind of unusual environment, how come it doesn't net-net get you back to your normal level and what would it take in this environment for you to go back to that $350 million  $300 million, $350 million level to grow off? Because it seems like it kind of reestablishes the global picture, it gives you a little bit more dislocation opportunities. So, what do you see that doesn't get you to that $300 million, $350 million, or what do you need to have happen to get you to that $300 million, $350 million number?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think, as you described, we had probably over the last, I don't know, month, a little bit of a better news that may potentially impact Oilseeds and potentially Ag Services in that sense. And probably maybe the thing that just happened recently, but I'm less sure the sustainability of it is maybe the ethanol margin improvement because it was really an event in which a lot of the industry plants took maintenance shutdowns in preparation for the driving season. Are we going to go back to the previous practices in producing more than we need? Difficult for us to predict. So, I will say from a macro perspective, that's probably, Ken, the issue where I'm more cautious about. The other things, I think that we're going in the right direction and with these dislocations over time, Oilseeds and Ag Services should come back to the normal levels.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then, the one thing that you said about Ag Services which caught my attention was, the Ag Services going forward, was there a capacity addition or something like that in the industry that you're  that has created the overcapacity? Because it seems that over the last couple years, you guys have been saying there hasn't been as much growing. It seems like your language might have changed a little bit.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It was not from our side, but there is a little bit more capacity in the Gulf Coast, and that plus the fact that we've been exporting less, and I think, the issue sometimes, Ken, is how those exports come, whether they come at the same time and we can expand elevation margins, or whether they come over time and in capacity or margins don't climb that much. And we had a couple of years in which we had that event and we had very big expansions on margins, and we haven't seen that recently, and again, we don't expect to see it in Q2.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And my very last question is on the high fructose corn syrup, in your commentary, you referenced low-cost environment than capacity utilization rates. With corn prices going up, does that change the back half of the year at all, or do you still feel comfortable? Just because the wording just seemed like it was more lower cost environment rather than the higher high fructose corn syrup prices.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. Ken, I will say we feel very good about the high fructose corn syrup and the whole sweeteners and starches portfolio for the rest of the year, and probably I will say even for the 2017 as well, so no issues there.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Perfect. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Group. Your line is open.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Eric.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Eric.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: A couple of questions. I'd just like to drill down a little bit on your Ag Services, your global desk trading losses in the quarter, they were unrealized. Are those mark-to-market losses that will reverse in the second half?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think, Eric, some of it are mark-to-market and will reverse. Some of it will be a function of where prices are when those contracts settle.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. So, it's a combination of the two of those.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And then getting back to your second quarter, the outlook for your Oilseeds business, and I know that Juan cautioned on the size of the mark-to-market loss, but as far as I'm concerned, the bigger the loss, the better. That's just an accounting function non-cash charge that read, the larger your mark-to-market loss in Q2 or your accounting change in Q2 would just mean that reverses off in the second half at a larger profit rate. Is that an accurate statement?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, it just means  as you know, Eric, we typically kind of lock in certain amount of margins...
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Correct.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...and we use the board in order to lock that in.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And so, we believe we lock in at attractive rates to the extent that margins actually improve over the quarter. It just means that we have to mark that contract to market and that's the reason why, as Juan indicated, we'll take effectively a mark-to-market loss at the end of the second quarter related to our board crush hedges there. But you're right, fundamentally with an improving margin environment, it means like for the future sales that are unhedged, that's actually very positive for us and that's the reason why we're a lot more positive for the third quarter and fourth quarter...
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Right.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...assuming the cash margins converts to the board margins there.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Right. Because  I mean, you've had a real nice appreciation in your basis, you got your July meal contract at the $350 a ton, and your cash prices haven't appreciated at that rate. So, you've got a positive spread in your basis, which improves your outlook. So, the final question that I have, can you talk a little bit again about your lower tax rate guidance for the year? You had been at, I think, 28% to 30%. It's coming in lower. It sounds like it's more of a geographic mix as to where you're sourcing your earnings. Is there anything more to it than that?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, it's primarily geographic mix. I mean, as you know, Eric, the United States is one of the highest tax countries in the world, and so unfortunately, with weakness in terms of U.S. ethanol margins and weakness in terms of U.S. Ag Services exports, the amount of U.S. earnings relative to our total earnings has come down and that actually results in a lower tax rate. Now, to the extent that in the back half, U.S. exports pick up dramatically beyond what we're expecting and to the extent that U.S. ethanol margins improve dramatically relative to what we expect and that could actually drive our tax rate little bit higher, but I guess, what I'm saying right now is, I think that we're going to be at a lower end of the 28% to 30% range, and maybe even slightly below that range.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then the final question on your return on invested capital. Obviously, you had a bit of shortfall below WACC, this last quarter, obviously because probably some of the more difficult conditions we've had in the Ag business in some time. Is there any sort of range of where that spread could  you probably fall short of your 200 basis point goal for the year, but can you give us a little bit of flavor where you think your ROIC could potentially be for the full year given all of the other things you're doing with your cost savings programs and other thing such as that.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Just a reminder, I mean, this is a four quarter trailing average calculation, so if you recall, Eric...
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Right.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...we had a very weak Q3, very weak Q4, and a very weak Q1...
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Right.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...so it all kind of accumulates together here. Our expectation is by the end time, we get to the end of the calendar year, we should be above our annual WACC again because our earnings will be back half towards the second half of this year, based upon our views in terms of how Ag Services, how Oilseeds and how ethanol will perform for the rest of the year.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. The outlook for U.S. corn export is obviously improved given the depreciation of the dollar and the weather issues in Brazil. But are you seeing any potential offsets from China's decision to end its corn stock piling program?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Sandy. Of course, China, it's a speculation about how much product do they have, but  and when they're going to start. But certainly we feel that, over the next year, they're going to start having these auctions and bringing some of that product to the market. So certainly it could impact barley, sorghum, DDGS, some of those, and as well as corn, yeah.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And just...
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's difficult to gauge, how much to be honest at this point in time.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, that's fair. Just a follow-up question on storage capacity. So there's been a lot of bins built in the last five years to eight years on farming at commercial elevators, what are your thoughts as to whether we will see additional storage capacity coming online. And then to what extent are growers getting creative in terms of storing corn when these bins are full?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We don't foresee at this point anymore storage capacity being built. I think, also the economies of the farming, I mean, will not allow for that to happen. We don't believe that a lot of the off-farm storage have created or on the farm storage have created a problem for us. I think that the issue is that over time, especially when the development of the ethanol industry, the industry maybe didn't need as much storage, because a lot of the corn was locally consumed, if you will, by some of the ethanol plants. So, the environment in the agro-industry and Ag Services changes every year, and with that our business continue to adapt and sometimes we shift storage capacity, sometimes we shutdown storage capacity, or we move it around in the U.S. I don't think that there has been anything unusual to that to be honest.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you very much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrew from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Juan, just want to make sure I understand your thought process on the potential large U.S. crop that we might have based on planted acreage. I just want to understand why you think that would be helpful just given that there's ample stocks around today and we had a couple large crops in a row, so what's going to be different this year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, you are correct in the sense that we're still going to need some dislocations into that. My point is that we have better opportunity when the U.S. get to be a larger crop because we have our footprint, this is skewed more to our U.S. assets and North American assets. So, hopefully, if the U.S. get the dislocations and get the opportunity to export that, and we get to handle a big crop, if the crop is large and it comes early, maybe we get drying (1:02:58) income and all that. So, I was just talking from the perspective that a bigger crop is probably better for us given the skewed nature of our footprint towards North American assets.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Massoud with Stifel. Your line is open.
Paul Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi Paul.
Paul Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to dig in a little bit more on the second quarter. I mean, and get a sense of what it is that you're expecting for the second quarter, specifically for Ag Services. You've got, I mean, you mentioned a potential for some volume increase, but we have seen crop prices rally, we have seen some marketing and farmers selling crops. I mean, is there still a significant amount of crop still left in the bin and on-farm storage, and if we keep seeing the dollar weaken or even just sort of stay at these levels, I mean, is there a potential for both volumes and margins to surprise in Ag Services in the second quarter?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Paul, I guess the main driver is going to be kind of volume. Traditionally for Ag Services, the Q2 is a lower volume quarter compared to Q1 and that's just simply because of  for Ag Services, the more U.S. centric nature of the footprint. And so, as Juan indicated, exports generally are 20% to 30% lower from a volume perspective, Q2 versus Q1. So even though I mean there is some macro variables out there, which would suggest that global environment may be improving. All we're saying is for Ag Services specifically, our expectation is the earnings for Q2 will be actually fairly similar to where we ended up in Q1.
Paul Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: It makes sense. I guess what I'm having trouble reconciling is that, part of the reason I  obviously I've always thought that Q2 was lower was because farmers did all their selling in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. And this year  or in  and this season, we didn't see that. So, there's a lot more sitting on the sidelines that never got moved or is it more of a demand issue in your mind, where the demand is just not there, and so you have to wait until the second half to see the volumes move.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Paul, I think with the recent rise in the board, you're seeing some of the farmers actually being more aggressive in terms of selling. The issue is in terms of our movement through an entire system, particularly our export system that is going to remain very weak in Q2.
Paul Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, maybe a little bit on some of the global competitors, I mean, I think, you said specifically with Argentina. They've got a lot of soybeans that could last throughout the year, but corn and wheat as far as exports go, they may very well run out of some of that excess supply mid-year. Is that still the view, I mean?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, generally the Argentine farmer has been selling their corn and their wheat. And that's again a function of the fact that the export taxes had been reduced down to zero.
Paul Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then I guess, just lastly. I think, we saw some news report come out recently that some industry groups based in D.C. representing some of the grain handlers were pushing back on some of the new soybean seeds that were being sold. Do you have any comments on that? I mean, could you maybe add a little bit of color from experience when  the last time there was a seed that was approved domestically, but not approved by a buyer. I think, this time we're talking about Europe not having accepted a new soybean seed. I mean, can you talk a little bit about what's going on there, and maybe add some color for that?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Paul. I mean, you mentioned it. We've seen this before and we've seen the impact that that causes to us, grain handlers and also to the farmers, and because of the import  importance of exports to American agriculture and American farmers, our policy is not to accept any commodity that contains a trait that is approved here, but not in the major markets, and we continue to do so, and I think that you heard that the industry is very aligned in that sense and it's just to protect the competitiveness of U.S. exports.
Paul Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: All right. I appreciate all the color, guys. Thanks a lot.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: There are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you very much. So, thank you everybody for joining us today. Again, slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we'll be participating soon. So as always, please feel free to follow-up with Mark if you have any other questions. And have a good day and thank you for your interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you for your time and participation today. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President-Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you kindly, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to ADM's fourth quarter earnings webcast. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's webcast will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two. The company's safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC, concerning the assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. And you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's webcast, our Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then, Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update on our scorecard, and discuss our forward look. Finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide three. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.61. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $599 million. For the calendar year, our adjusted earnings per share was $2.60. Global dynamics reduced margins across the U.S. agricultural export sector, the U.S. ethanol industry, and in the soybean crushing industry worldwide. Adverse market conditions that impacted many of our businesses earlier in the year continued through the fourth quarter. Despite the challenging conditions, we achieved 2015 adjusted ROIC of 7.3%, 70 basis points above our annual cost of capital, generating positive EVA. In the fourth quarter, we advanced our strategic plan by expanding our international corn processing footprint with the acquisition of Eaststarch, progressing our destination marketing strategy with the announcement of the Medsofts Egyptian joint venture, and strengthening our European Olenex refined oils joint venture. And today, we are announcing an investment in a controlling stake in Harvest Innovations, a leading producer of non-GMO, organic, and gluten-free ingredients. From a portfolio management perspective, we completed the sale of our global cocoa business. In addition, 2015 was the safest year in the history of ADM with the lowest level of recordable and lost-time injuries. I'm pleased with how our discipline, focus, and process improvements have translated to these safety results in 2015. With current headwinds likely to persist, we remain focused on the areas within our control. We will continue to implement our pipeline of operational excellence initiatives, with an objective of an incremental $275 million of run-rate savings by the end of the calendar year. As part of the evolution of our strategic plan, we are also taking a fresh look at the capital intensity of our operations and portfolio, seeking innovative ways to lighten-up and redeploy capital in our efforts to drive long-term returns. In 2016, our balanced capital allocation framework remains a priority, including a quarterly dividend rate increase of more than 7% to $0.30 per share, and share repurchases of between $1 billion and $1.5 billion, subject to strategic capital requirements. With a strong balance sheet, we will also remain opportunistic for investments, especially bolt-ons, in this more challenged macro environment. I'll provide more detail on our 2015 accomplishments as well as perspectives on 2016 later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Juan. Slide four provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.61, down 39% from the $1 last year. We've been busy this quarter as we continued to manage our portfolio to drive returns which has resulted in a larger-than-usual number of specified items. Excluding specified items and also excluding net timing effects, adjusted segment operating profit was $599 million, down $529 million. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was negative 2%, compared to 29% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Our reported tax rate was negative this quarter due to the low tax rates on the gains related to the cocoa and the Eaststarch transactions, together with a one-time favorable $66 million valuation allowance impact. If we excluded specified items, the related tax impacts and the valuation allowance, the effective tax rate for the calendar year was approximately 27% in 2015, in line with 2014. The rate has been slightly lower than the recent historical tax rates due to a more favorable geographic mix this year and some favorable discrete tax items this year. For 2016, I would expect our tax rate to be in the 28% to 30% range. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC of 7.3% is down 170 basis points from the 9.0% at the end of the fourth quarter last year. The 7.3% adjusted ROIC is above our 6.6% annual WACC for 2015 but below our long-term WACC of 8.0% as reflected in the graph on slide 20 in the appendix. Our objective remains to earn 200 basis points over our WACC. In the fourth quarter, we did create value based upon our trailing four quarter average EVA, which was positive $173 million. On charts 18 and 19 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $1.19 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.61. For this quarter, we had gains on sales and revaluations of assets amounting to $0.70 per share, primarily related to the cocoa transaction and Eaststarch. We had charges related to impairments, restructuring, and settlements amounting to $0.24 per share, the largest being related to our Brazilian sugar operations. We also made an adjustment to Q4 adjusted earnings to reflect the reallocation of the biodiesel credits to the previous quarters when shipped of about $0.05 per share. And there were two tax adjustments in the fourth quarter, the valuation allowance impact of $0.11 per share that I mentioned earlier, and the true-up of the quarterly tax rates to the calendar year adjusted rate of $0.03 per share. Slide five provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the unique items impacting our quarterly results. In the Corn Processing segment, we had a $185 million gain on the revaluation of the company's previously held investment in Eaststarch, our former European joint venture with Tate & Lyle in conjunction with the acquisition of the remaining interest. This transaction closed in early November. We also recorded impairment and restructuring charges of $102 million primarily related to our Brazilian sugar operations. In Oilseeds, we recorded $206 million of gains on sales of assets primarily related to the sale of our global cocoa business. We also had impairment and restructuring charges of $34 million for various underperforming businesses within the segment. In the corporate lines, net interest expense was down due to lower interest rates and the favorable effects of the debt restructuring we affected earlier this year. Unallocated corporate costs of $89 million were lower than the run rate for previous quarters due to favorable foreign exchange translation, favorable people-related costs, and some timing effects in 2015 spend, offset partially by higher project costs. I'd also like to comment on our GAAP net revenue number that can be found in the appendix. GAAP net revenues for the quarter of $16.4 billion were down significantly from last year, driven by large declines in commodity prices and foreign exchange translation. But these factors also favorably impacted our cost of goods sold as our input costs were lower. Turning to the cash flow statement on slide six, we generated $2 billion from operations before working capital changes, lower than the prior year. Total capital spending for the year was $1.1 billion, up from the prior year's $900 million, but in the lower end of our $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion capital spending guidance we provided earlier in the year. Given the more challenging business conditions we encountered in 2015, we're even more prudent in our capital spending. We made acquisitions totaling $0.5 billion in 2015 which included AOR, the European bottled oil company; Eatem Foods; and our remaining interest in a Romanian Port; and also Eaststarch. The other investing activities line of the cash flow statement mainly reflects the proceeds from divestitures such as our global cocoa and chocolate businesses, and the sale of our 50% stake in our port in Northern Brazil, less the incremental investments we made in the Wilmar, or approximately $1.5 billion of net divestment proceeds. During the year we spent about $2 billion to repurchase shares, finishing up at the high end of our $1.5 billion to $2 billion target. Our average share count for the year was 621 million diluted shares outstanding, down 35 million from the time one year ago. At the end of the year, we had approximately 601 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Our total return of capital to shareholders including dividends of almost $700 million was more than $2.7 billion for 2015. When I think about our capital allocation framework for 2015, if we take our operating cash flows before working capital plus the net divestment proceeds or approximately $3.6 billion in total cash flows, we spent about 30% of that amount on capital spending, and returned about 75% of that amount to shareholders. This is in line with the capital allocation targets, with a bit more tilted towards capital returns to shareholders in 2015. Slide seven shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. Our balance sheet remains strong. Our operating working capital of $7.1 billion was down $700 million from the year-ago period. Total debt was about $5.9 billion resulting in a net debt balance, that is debt less cash, of $4.5 billion, up from the 2014 net debt level of $4 billion in part reflecting the issuance this year of 1.1 billion of euro debt, or about $1.2 billion in U.S. dollar terms, and the subsequent repurchase of about $900 million of U.S. debt. Our leverage position remains healthy with a net debt to total capital ratio of about 20%. Our shareholders' equity of $17.9 billion is $1.7 billion lower than the level last year due to the shareholder capital returns in excess of net income by $900 million and the cumulative translation account, which was down about $800 million due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. We had $6 billion in available global credit capacity at end of December. If you add the available cash, we had access to $7.3 billion of short-term liquidity. Next, Juan will take us through a review of our business performance.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Ray. Please turn to slide eight. In the fourth quarter, we earned $599 million of operating profit excluding specified items, down from the $1.1 billion results from last year's strong fourth quarter. Operating conditions in the fourth quarter deteriorated from the already challenging conditions we faced earlier in 2015. After last year's large harvest around the world and with a strong U.S. dollar, a lack of dislocations significantly reduced U.S. exports and limited merchandising opportunities in ag services. In December, we saw further downward pressure on global soybean crush margins as a result of our Argentine government policies. Also, the dramatic declines in crude oil prices impacted ethanol margins. As a result, full-year segment operating profit was down nearly 21%. Now, I will review the performance of each segment and provide additional details. Starting on slide nine, in the fourth quarter, Ag Services results were down significantly compared to last year's very strong fourth quarter where we handled record volumes and had record exports from the large 2014 U.S. harvest. In merchandising and handling, despite the large U.S. crop, low commodity prices limited grain movements resulting in fewer merchandising opportunities. In addition, a strong U.S. dollar, along with ample global crop supplies limited U.S. export volumes and margins. For perspective, Ag Services U.S. export volumes this fourth quarter were down about 20% compared to last year. These declines were partially offset by improved performance and expanded reach at the ADM's Global Trade Desk. For example, in Argentina, we benefited from higher volumes and margins with the changes in the export taxes and the depreciation of the currency. In transportation, lower U.S. export volumes reduced barge freight rates and volumes. High water levels on the Mississippi River system in the later part of December had some small negative impact on our transportation results for the quarter, but the greater impact will be felt in the first quarter of 2016. Milling and other, again, had another solid quarter. For the year, we generated $684 million of operating profits on an adjusted basis and below our historical levels. There were a number of factors that impacted our results, including a lack of global dislocations and the strong U.S. dollar versus the weakening currencies of other major crop growing areas. This reduced both volumes and margins. Please turn to slide 10. Corn Processing results declined from the year-ago period. Sweeteners and starches continued to perform well with low input costs and good demand. Results also were impacted by costs related to the ramp-up of commercialization at our plant in Tianjin. Bioproducts results were lower as the steep declines in crude oil prices drove lower ethanol prices. This, combined with continued high industry production levels, progressively reduced industry margins through the quarter. Our ethanol profitability reflects fourth quarter ethanol EBITDA margins estimated at around $0.18 per gallon. In addition, lysine operating profits were challenged by excess global supply resulting in declines in pricing and margins and some production outages in our plant. For the year, sweeteners and starches performed well with solid demand throughout the year in a well-balanced supply demand environment for the industry. On the other hand, lower crude oil prices and high industry production levels created a challenging margin environment for the U.S. ethanol industry. Despite growth in U.S. domestic demand for ethanol brought about by increasing U.S. gasoline consumption. Slide 11, please. Oilseeds results were down in the quarter versus a very strong quarter one year ago. In crushing and origination we saw decline in global soybean crush margins throughout the quarter as buyers anticipated more competitive South American soybean meal entering well-supplied world markets following the presidential elections in Argentina. Ample global meal supplies, in combination with the strong U.S. dollar, further pressured U.S. meal exports. Brazilian origination results were lower as grain commercialized earlier in the year compared to the prior year. In addition, the very volatile real exchange rate in the fourth quarter slowed grain movement as well. Refining, packaging, biodiesel, and other was down in the quarter as declining crude oil prices and weaker global demand pressured global biodiesel margins. Cocoa and other results decreased reflecting the sale of the cocoa business in October 2015. Results from Asia fell from the year ago period due primarily to non-operating charges including Wilmar's Q3 results. For the year, there was a strong global and U.S. demand for protein. And as a result, our global oilseeds operations set a crushing volume record in 2015. However, with more ample global supplies of meals through the year, in combination with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, we saw our soy crush margins begin softening in the third quarter with a more substantial drop in the fourth quarter caused in part by the impact of the Argentine policy changes. Slide 12, please. In the fourth quarter, WFSI earned $47 million with positive contribution from WILD Flavors, SCI and Eatem Foods. As a reminder, the fourth quarter is generally the weakest quarter of the year for WFSI due to seasonality impacts. This results help offset declines in some of our legacy specialty ingredients businesses, where we saw weaker sales overseas and some forex hedging costs related to our Brazilian specialty protein project. Since the WILD acquisition, the team has implemented about $40 million in annualized run rate cost synergy. We remain confident that the team will deliver 100 million of run rate synergies from the WILD acquisition by the end of 2017. And in its first full year as part of ADM, WILD Flavors contributed $0.10 of earnings accretion to ADM. Now on slide 13, I'd like to update you on how we are strengthening and growing our company. This is the scorecard we presented at Investor Day in 2014. It lists the actions we were taking to help grow our business and our returns. We have highlighted some of the areas in which we have made significant progress in 2015. I'll discuss a few. In Ag Services, for example, we've seen the benefits of our Global Trade Desk we created after we acquired Toepfer. We advanced our global ports strategy with actions in Romania and Argentina, and we're growing destination marketing with our Medsofts joint venture in Egypt. In Corn, we continued our geographic diversification. In Europe, with the Eaststarch acquisition, and in China with the Tianjin sweeteners and soluble fiber plants and with the feed-premix plants. In Oilseeds, we sold our global cocoa and chocolate businesses, allowing us to improve forward (21:48) returns. We created a joint venture to quadruple the size of our port in Northern Brazil. We acquired the AOR oil bottling business in Belgium. And ADM and Wilmar agreed to turn Olenex into a full-fledged joint venture, helping us to drive additional efficiencies into that business. And in WFSI, we acquired Eatem Foods, a leading developer of savory flavors having deep expertise in savory flavors and ethnic cuisines. And this morning, we're announcing that we have reached an agreement to purchase a controlling stake in Harvest Innovations, a leading producer of non-GMO organic and gluten-free ingredients that consumers are demanding in increasing numbers. We'll continue to update you on our scorecard progress each quarter. And over time, you should expect to see the result of these actions in improved earnings and returns. Now, before we take your questions, I wanted to offer some additional perspective as we look forward. The global macroeconomic situation has been extremely volatile. We continue to face headwinds related to currencies, crude oil, Argentine policy changes, and a growing supply of commodities. Barring any material changes to the macro situation, we expect the environment in 2016 to be similar to the second half of 2015. Whatever the conditions, we'll remain focused on driving improvements in the business. For Ag Services, we expect the strong U.S. dollar to continue through 2016. The large South American harvest that's forecast, would add to already strong global crop supplies, and Argentine exports will be more competitive in the near term following the recent policy changes. All of these present continued challenges for our U.S. export business, though it will support our Argentine export business. We do expect an improvement from Ag Services in 2016, but it's not likely the segment will reach historical operating profit range this year. For Corn, sweeteners and starches will benefit from the improved pricing environment, the flexibility at our wet mills, solid demand, and low input costs; and Eaststarch will be accretive to earnings. In ethanol, industry margins remain uncertain with low crude prices and high industry production levels. While we continue our efforts to reduce cost at our corn dry mills, we are now also undertaking a study of the strategic options for them. We do expect overall Corn operating profits to improve from 2015 levels, though this will depend on ethanol industry conditions in the back half of the year. For Oilseeds, with current global soy crush margin down significantly from 2015 levels, the continued strength of the U.S. dollar, and with low crude oil prices impacting global biodiesel margins, we expect 2016 to be lower than 2015. We continue to take actions to improve our Oilseeds operations around the world. For WFSI, with the robust pipeline, continued realization of synergies, and accretion from recent acquisitions, we expect double-digit percentage growth in operating profit in the 15% to 20% range in 2016. We are pleased that WILD Flavors contributed to results in 2015 despite macroeconomics and forex headwinds. In this challenging environment, we remain focused on the areas under our control. We continue to execute our strategic plan to grow our earnings power, which will translate into stronger earnings when conditions normalize. From a cost management perspective, we have made significant progress on our operational excellence initiatives. By the end of 2015, we have achieved more than $200 million of run rate savings. We continue to execute on our pipeline and have set an objective of $275 million in additional run rate savings implemented by the end of 2016. As part of the continued evolution of our strategic plan, we are taking a fresh look at the capital intensity of our operations and portfolio. We will be seeking innovative ways to lighten and redeploy capital in our business. Unlike the billion-dollar challenge launched in 2012 where we look at unlocking value from noncore assets or from restoring (26:53) efficiencies in working capital. Now we're embarking on a multi-year program to examine which assets are underutilized or where the ownership structure could be more efficient, while maintaining an appropriate level of operational control. In some instances, a partner may be able to help us better utilize the asset. We started this process by selling a 50% interest in our Brazilian port in 2015. We believe we can reduce the asset intensity in various businesses, which will help improve our long-term returns even in a more challenged operating environment. We have set the preliminary target of reducing the invested capital of our businesses by at least $1 billion over time. In 2016, our balanced capital allocation framework remains a priority. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, we have announced a 7% increase in our dividend rate. Our Board recognizes the importance of the dividend to our investors. We also plan to repurchase $1 billion to $1.5 billion of shares in 2016 subject to strategic M&A opportunities. We believe the shares are a very attractive investment at current levels. And through strong cash flow generation, monetization of assets and a strong balance sheet, we continue to look at the strategic growth opportunities. Our priorities are growing our geographic footprint and expanding our Specialty Ingredients business. With our strong balance sheet, we will be looking for opportunistic acquisitions around the world, including bolt-ons with investment decisions driven by a hard look at the returns and inherent risks. We continue to believe that by executing our strategic and capital plans, we can achieve $1 to $1.50 per share of earnings improvements over the medium term and we're encouraged by the fact that global demand for grains, oilseeds, and proteins remain solid. What we don't know is when the macro and business conditions will improve, returning our earnings base to more normalized levels. And so, we continue to focus on what we can control, to grow earnings and create value for our colleagues, our customers, and our shareholders. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Farha.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Three questions from me, starting with Ag Services. One, last quarter you had highlighted slow farmer selling and noted that there's much of the 2015 crop that still needs to be sold. Could you highlight kind of when you expect that to come to market and how ADM could and when it could benefit from that?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Let me talk a little bit, the North America, Farha, grain movement continues to be slow, behind the pace of last year. Slow prices are not incenting farmers to commercialize their crops yet. So, movements of soybeans was obviously a little bit more brisk maybe in late Q4 and continue into Q1, mainly maybe due to farmer cash flows. We have seen in the past that U.S. stocks will be commercialized through the year, either through a strong demand for U.S. products and cash flow needs for the farmers, or spikes in bulk prices. That's how we're seeing it right out. Right now, we're seeing farmers selling in broad rallies (31:02). If you go to Brazil or Argentina, we're seeing a strong dependency on what's happening with the currencies. We've seen in Brazil we have a day in which the dollar is BRL 4.18, and we see a lot of farmers selling. If it moves back to BRL 4.11 or BRL 3.97, then we see farmers selling slowing down. We see a little bit of that in Argentina. We saw a little bit more farmer selling of corn and wheat, a little bit less soybeans as the farmer maybe was not that happy with the reduction in export retention that they have over there. So, still, I would say, with these low prices subdued and customers  farmers will sell through rallies when they have cash flow needs.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Subdued selling. And then, when you work at crushing and origination, you had highlighted that 2016 looks tough. We've seen crush margins continue to deteriorate here in the first quarter. Should we count on any hedges for ADM as we model forward or just think about whatever we see in the crush margin as kind of what we should expect in earnings throughout the year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Maybe let me give you some perspective here. So, in the U.S., we have seen a big deterioration during Q4 and some deterioration also into January. And now, we've seen the industry adjusting operating rates and things starting to ease off from the lows, if you will, that we hit in January. Obviously, this is the low season in the U.S. anyways. So, there is a shift to crush margins into South America. South America still have an expanded crush margin because they haven't been  haven't had their benefit of the harvest, but will get that soon in Brazil. Europe, we see it, okay; kind of stable until maybe March, April, and then we have the dynamics that we'll probably see more exports from South America. But also, we have the rapeseed harvest in Europe and we have the ability to switch our assets a little bit between soybean and rapeseeds over there. So, that's how we see the evolution of crush margins at this point in time.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And finally on ethanol, today you marked a change in your commentary regarding your dry mills. Historically, you thought that they were an integral part of ADM's operations. Can they be run independently given that they're so integrated in ADM? Could you just share with us a time horizon of how you're going to evaluate those assets?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Farha. Yeah. What we're seeing here is that we continue to be implementing our cost reductions in the dry mills that we have seen. But margin continues to be stubbornly low. And even with our improvements in cost, we are concerned about the long-term fundamentals of the dry mill ethanol part of the industry, if you will. So we have asked the team to undertake the strategic review of that. They have an adviser helping them on that. And we're going to run through the different scenarios all the way from one extreme to the other, when we will explore all the scenarios. So, we have no rush for this. We  the whole operation is having positive cash flows, positive contributions. So, there's no need to panic. We just want to be prepared to look at the industry long term and see can this industry present the returns that we expect and what are the options to maximize that return for ADM. So there is not a clear timeline or a clear direction. And what we really want to see, we want to see the analysis of the options that the team will bring. In the meantime, the improvements in cost continue. And we have seen in 2015 improvements in enzymes, improvement in yields, improvement in corn oil recovery. So we are very pleased with what the teams are doing in that. It's just we have an industry problem, and we want to see how we can participate in addressing that through strategic options.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Adam.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Adam.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, maybe first of all on the comments on the capital intensity of the portfolio. I want to dig a little bit deeper there in terms of the targets and opportunity set and understand is that separate from the discussion about the dry mills, first? And second, parts of the portfolio that you were looking after, is this maybe taking a more rent and lease versus own on your transportation and logistics assets or taking a fresh look at different processing assets for what you want to have full ownership of in the company?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Listen, Adam, if you look at our evolution and our focus on returns, we're very pleased with the pipeline we have in operational excellence. We think we have a very good cost position in the company. We have addressed the portfolio with the divestitures of cocoa, fertilizer and chocolate. We have set up a lot of growth engines through M&A or CapEx projects. The next evolution in this is that we look at the way we operate and we see we are very productive from a people perspective. We made north of $600 million of earning this quarter with 33,000 people, so we feel we're very productive from a people intensity perspective. When we look at the asset intensity, we don't feel that great about that. We think that there is still some ability to flex our assets a little bit better. Part is the nature of the industry, which is it's got some seasonality and you need to have some assets for some peak periods. But we have started to undergo an analysis of all our businesses and value chain. You have to realize sometimes we keep assets that we think about them as cost centers, if you will. And we are trying to look at them more as businesses in itself and having to provide a return. So also technology is providing some tools. We have today software  if I give you an example, ADM because it's a large company, we have many, many warehouses around the U.S. and around the world. Today we have softwares that allow us to look at their freight rates, look at their inventory needs and look at their number of warehouses and can provide a significant optimization to our warehouses network, if you will, that could end up in selling some of those properties. You mentioned some of the transportation. We do believe we have a very tax efficient ownership of our transportation asset, but there may be aspects of that maybe in ports that where we have opportunity to do something better. So, again, this is a multi-year process and we're going to be looking at several parts of our operations, but we have looked at that with a target of about $1 billion and we believe that these are realistic targets over time in looking at what I just described.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's some helpful color. And then maybe just focusing in on 2016 a little bit and you gave some numbers on cost savings, both the exit run rate in 2015 and what you are targeting to exit 2016 at. I was hoping you could tell us or give us a sense of the year-over-year cost savings that you are assuming in the plan in 2016 versus 2015 as well as the kind of net impact of M&A 2016 versus 2015. There's obviously a number of divestitures as well as some bolt-on M&As scattered throughout the portfolio and maybe a net M&A number would be helpful as we think about kind of the bridge year over year.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. To give you an idea of the operational improvements, when we finished 2015 with $200 million of run rate savings, we approximately realized in 2015 about $90 million of those $200 million, just because the way the projects are implemented during the year. So as we are talking in 2016 about $275 million in our pipeline that will be executed during 2016 run rate savings of $275 million, we should expect about $100 million, $120 million give or take that will be realized during 2016, if that helps. And I will let Ray talk a little bit about the accretion of some of our M&A.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. But just on the M&A question here, just a couple things. This year, as you know, we actually had a lot in terms of net divestment proceeds from the cocoa and chocolate business. As you know, those businesses were not really generating much profitability to being extremely volatile. We actually believed that and we did some analysis that it actually is going to be positive towards our forward ROICs by divesting those businesses and taking the proceeds and we bought back shares, reduced our invested capital base. So that's going to be actually positive towards our ROIC going forward. In terms of 2016, you asked what does the M&A divestment kind of look like. I mean, generally as you expect, I mean, we are budgeting or planning CapEx around $1 billion for 2016. On the M&A front, we always have a little bit in terms of just bolt-on acquisitions probably $200 million. Net divestment proceeds; divestitures, we've achieved a lot already in terms of divestitures, and so at this point in time we're not planning for a large divestiture number there. But in general, when I think about the impact of our recent M&As that we did in 2015 as an example, we did quite a few bolt-ons, including Eaststarch. Those have been accretive and will continue to be accretive to our earnings going forward. It's part of our bridge towards $1.00 to $1.50 of improvements. And if you recall, these types of strategic projects over a three-year period will add probably around $0.30 a share towards our earnings power over a three-year period when you kind of accumulate what we've already announced plus some of the projects that we're working on right now.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And just to be clear there, I was kind of really targeting on the net earnings impact of the M&A actions, both sale and purchase in 2015 and what year-over-year benefit or headwind that represents to 2016 profit number.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. When you take a look at it for 2016, approximately on a net basis you probably pick up around $0.05 a share.
Adam L. Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you and good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Juan, I wanted to go to one of the  I think it was the last statement you made in your prepared script. I think you said that over the medium term you expected to see $1.00 to $1.50 in EPS improvements. Should I take that off of this year's base of $2.60, thus you're giving kind of a long-term EPS algorithm of $3.60 to $4.10?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. You heard the second part of my commentary was that really the base had reduced. And the base probably had reduced a little bit more than the $2.60 you described. The $2.60 has already probably between $0.20 and $0.30 of that $1.00 to $1.50 of the new strategy that's bringing. So maybe the base is more like $2.30, $2.40, something in that range. We feel good, as I described before in my comments and I think Ray just mentioned, about the progression towards this $1.00, $1.50. We have a little bit less visibility on when the bases will recover because it's more impacted by macro factors that we really don't control. We control many more of the factors in the strategy.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Understood on that. I have two specific questions: one on ethanol, one on crush margins. So just ethanol, Farha asked it a little bit here, but I am taking it back a little that you'd put these assets up for review right now with oil at $30. What's your view here on this one? What's your view on what kind of oil price do we need for these ethanol assets to make sense?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Remember, when we were talking, I think you asked me this question before when we were at about $50 and we said, at $50 this was going all right. And at $40 we were still doing relatively good. I don't think that  part is the oil prices, but part is, to be honest, the behavior of the industry. The demand continues to be solid, David. Domestic demand has increased because of low oil prices and high gasoline consumption. And export demand has been very good, and we expect it to be even better to 2016. It's just a matter that the production in the industry has kept this industry margins very, very low, and we are really surprised by that. We've been running our plants for yield. As I said before, we've seen improvements in our operations based on that. But these margins continues to be stubbornly low, so we want to analyze what happen at lower oil prices, what happen if these things recover. So we have an internal review to see the different scenarios and what do we do under those different scenarios. So it's just a matter that you look at how much can you improve your cost position. We have a good view now into how much we can improve our cost position. And we want to test that against lower oil prices or higher industry rates if they don't go down, so.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Last question for me is just back to soy crush.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): When you look at what's really changed, because margins, I think as a previous caller mentioned, they've really plummeted. But what seems to have changed is the South American currencies. But then maybe if we really zone-in on here, it's Argentina, would you agree that that's been kind of the major change in terms of what's disrupted these markets so much so that we've seen crush margins go from $1.10, $1.20 down to $0.40? Is it Argentina? And then the process here is that as this capacity gets absorbed into the markets, that would be the recovery process in global crush margins?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, David. If you compare last year with this year, last year North America came into the export season with a big book of export on non-traditional destinations, which we didn't have this year. So I think that when I look at Argentina, the farmers selling in soybeans have been disappointing for what everybody was expecting. So crush has improved but not that much, but I think has created the expectation in a lot of the buyers that maybe Argentina will increase crush and will become a bigger player in mill worldwide. And maybe it was wise to wait a little bit and wait for all that to come to market. Again, it hasn't come yet. If you look at what crushing rate in Argentina is about 3 million tons per month, capacity is maybe 4.5 tons per month or something like that, we're still thinking about 40 million tons of crushing for next year. So we haven't seen the explosion, but I think it has been the psychological impact in all the buyers of non-traditional destination for the U.S. So we continue to supply the traditional destinations to the U.S. We have lost that ability to sell aggressively to non-traditional destination, partly the U.S. dollar, partly the expectations that Argentina will come into that. So longwinded answer to your question. It's probably yes, although not yet because of increased production, more for psychological impact of their ability to produce more.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Very helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. I guess two questions. The first one is about the strength of the U.S. dollar and how damaging it's been to your business this year. I've covered the company for a long time and there's been periods where the dollar has been strong before. And it appears that it's having more of an adverse effect this time around than in the past hurting your merchandising programs out of the U.S. Can you explain to me why it's so much worse this time around? And then I had a follow-up about the Argentina situation.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Hey, Rob. A couple observations. There's different currencies that impact us. If you look at just pure translation impact, Rob, over the calendar year, this is a classical accounting translation. Translation impact on our operating profit was about roughly $130 million negative impact for us, okay? So just pure currency translation. So, therefore, it was a impact but I'd say that's not a dramatic impact. The bigger issue is really the competitive issue and the competitiveness issue is really driven by not just the strength of the U.S. dollar but also the fact that two other factors: we've got large crops around the world, all right. So the fact that you've got well-supplied inventories of crops around the world had an impact; and then secondly, for the major crop-growing areas, their currencies actually devalued far more than what the basket of currencies that the U.S. dollar is weighed against. So when you saw what happened this year, you saw the reais because of the political situation really depreciate, you saw the Argentine policy changes, you've seen what happened with Russia and Ukraine. So what happened was for the major crop-growing areas, their currencies actually devalued significantly relative to the basket of currencies. And then you also anticipate lot of supply around the world because under normal situations, Rob, when the U.S. dollar strengthens, let's say, under a normal cycle of U.S. dollar strength and when there's a more balanced supply of crops around the world, the world will still come to the U.S. for the crops.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, in my mind, that's what really changed this year. And I don't believe this is structural. This is temporary. We're going to go through this cycle here. I do believe at some juncture the U.S. dollar will correct itself. Timing to be determined, but I don't think this is a structural issue. It's a cyclical issue that we're going to have to manage through here.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right. And then that leads to the next question is the inventory situation. Like, do you have a sense of how long it's going to take for all that excess inventory in Argentina to move through? It sounded like the farmers aren't that eager to sell. They're kind of being more opportunistic. So what do you think?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think it's not going to be an immediate flush of all those soybeans. Obviously, Argentina will try to consume those soybeans as much as possible through crushing. So I think it could take a big part of 2016, almost all 2016 to do that. If you think that they have, take your pick, between 12 million tons, something in that range, and again if the delta between what they crush, 3 million tons per month and there is capacity of 4.5 million tons per month and the farmer are not that interested in selling, the situation is not going to change that much in Argentina in the short term. So I think it's going to be a gradual period in which we might have to suffer with increase in North America, suffer with increased crush margins from Argentina for a while until they evacuate all this inventory.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right. So this is the bigger issue, above and beyond the U.S. dollar getting strong, is just the oversupply situation?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. All right. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Ken.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So a couple questions. One is, is there any interest for you guys to buy or bid on the ports in Brazil that are being privatized? Is that something that interests you in terms of trying to diversify and be able to capitalize on the South American markets?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Ken, ports are important in Brazil, as you will know. One of the reasons we are expanding our terminal in Santos and we created this port in the northern part of Brazil. We have to be careful, though, that there is a lot of port capacity being created. And as we see it in North America, in order for you to get good elevation in margins, there needs to be some tightening of that capacity; it continues to be a supply-demand game. So, yes, we're evaluating  our teams are evaluating. But we need to make sure that we look at the potential for overbuilding in certain areas. So we continue to be with our focus on returns and looking at that. We're building a port in Argentina in San Lorenzo because we think it makes sense. We built a port in the northern part of Brazil. We thought it made a lot of sense. The other ports we continue to analyze. There is a lot of activity. In some places, maybe even too much activity.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. The second question is what do you think is the path for ethanol margins to recover? Like, what are we looking for? Do we need just oil prices to be better or would it be better if the industry just entered into such extreme losses that there'd have to be production cuts? And just following up on that, what is the outlook for ethanol exports, call it, Mexico, India and China?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So, the first part is, I think there are two ways at this point in time to improve ethanol margins. One is expand export markets. I think we know what the domestic market will be, so is expanding export market, thankfully. And the second is probably cut in rates domestically. And I think that as people, we are seeing it ourselves. When we ran these things for yield, our cost position becomes better. So when you have thin margins, you want to be able to have your lowest-cost position, your best cost position. And it's not necessarily through volume that you get that. And we have proven that that in our own facilities. But anyway  so, those are the two main factors. In terms of growing exports, we do see places like India and China that are dealing with environmental issues due to smog that  how they are increasing the use of ethanol to fight their environmental  their air issue  air pollution issue. So, we see that demand growing. We see how demands have grown in China, and we expect for next year to be even bigger. So we expect 2016 net exports from the U.S. to be probably between 50 million gallons to 100 million gallons higher than what they were in 2015 driven by all these two main markets.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, if that's the case, then why wouldn't ethanol margins in a year from now or two years from now be at a 10% return on invested capital business?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, again, Ken, if you have asked me last year with the volumes of this year, I would have guessed that margins will be better. And yet, we continue to still only run at high rates, and maybe people bringing  creeping their plants and producing as much as they can. So, this is a commodity industry and you really need very, very tight capacity utilization. So maybe, low-90%s doesn't make it. You need to be like 96%, 97% on that. And if every time that we get to that level somebody brings a little bit more capacity, we continue to hover in this level that doesn't benefit anybody. So to me  I mean, we continue to be optimistic as we were before. We continue to improve our operations. It's just that at one point reality needs to match our optimism. And so far, it hasn't done it.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Just a follow-up on your comment that ethanol exports will likely increase this year. I was wondering what type of crude oil price is embedded into your assumption, because despite ethanol's discount to other octane enhancers, it seems that exports could be challenged to rise if crude prices remain at current levels.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. At this point, we are forecasting this type of level if you will. $30, if you will, in the absence of any more information than that in a very volatile environment. We still believe that, as I said, there from an alkaloids perspective, and as you said from some oxygenates, we're still cheaper and we still see continued demand from our destinations. We see, as I was answering to Ken, gladly that there are new markets like, again, India and China that are increasingly taking based on air pollution issues and the benefit of ethanol to do that. So, at this point, we are estimating on a flat crude oil environment if you will.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thank you. And then on WFSI, could you discuss the pipeline? And has the current economic environment done anything to push back your longer term targets for the segment?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I would say 2015 was kind of a noisy year or a dirty year for WFSI. We integrated the acquisition. We put several businesses together. We have a couple of bolt-ons and then we have emerging market issues that move our demand. And even our seasonal high periods, they move a little bit. So, it was a very unusual year. With also a lot of customers focusing much more sometimes in cost reductions than in revenue enhancement opportunities. We are very pleased though with the way the customers have reacted to our value proposition and we see that in the engagement that we have in our customers. So, our expectations for the pipeline and the deliverance of synergy have not changed. Maybe it has changed a little bit the composition of that in the short term. I think, if we're going to be talking in the year three of this, we'd probably be reporting a little bit higher cost synergies than we originally expected, and we will still be targeting the same amount or more of revenue synergies, maybe a little bit longer in the timeline, just because we continue to incorporate products to our product line and our value proposition, and that continues to open doors with customers. But the customer projects are normally a little bit slower or less in our control from a timing perspective than the cost synergies. But the response to customers to our value proposition has been very, very good. We've  when we originally target this, Sandy, we had $94 million originally target on revenue synergies; we have built a pipeline of already $67 million to $70 million, and we have more than 700 projects in the pipeline. So, we feel very, very good about having created this pipeline that we're turning into execution and into wins, and you will see that accelerating in 2016.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: It's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ann.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Most of my questions have been answered, but I'd like to just take a step back to the currency discussion. If currencies remain about where they are today, could we see additional downside pressure around the world just from places like South America, Eastern Europe, all the various countries that are concerned about deflation of their own currencies just planting more crops just because they need to get their hands on dollars versus the world needing more crops? So, I guess my question is, could things get worse before they get better if currencies remain as is?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I mean, as you know, Ann, I mean, it's difficult to forecast currencies, right. I mean, it's  there's a lot of factors that enter it. There's the political factors also impacting presumably the Brazilian currency at this point in time. I mean, you also have to remember that in some respects, a lot of these countries are getting a windfall right now in terms of the competitiveness of the crop because they've got the devaluation that occurred this year, yet your input cost was prior to the currencies devaluing. So, they were able to still get competitive input costs in terms of whether it'd be seed or chemicals, I mean, that's going to change as you go into 2016 because what will happen is they'll have to buy that at a higher cost, because lot of this is actually denominated more in U.S. dollar terms. And so, a lot of these countries are going to have to grapple with higher input costs in terms of their grains going forward, whether it be seeds, chemicals, et cetera, et cetera, so what to see? I mean, is the worst behind us? It's difficult to predict. What we do know is currencies go through cycles. And so, from our perspective, we're going through a cyclical downturn with some of these currencies. Political influences have some impact, our job is just to manage this, and we'll continue to focus on expanding our footprint in South America as for example. I mean, we've made investments down there and we're going to continue to manage our costs. The other factor Ann is, is really balancing the global supply-demand of grains and oftentimes, that low prices solve a lot of issues. And so, with the current low prices, expectation is that you should see a lot more consumption around the world and that could probably help us in terms of the global supply-demand balance, which will also be important in terms of getting the situation back to normal.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. And then just one follow-up on ethanol. Could you comment on the Chinese government's latest round of antidumping charges against U.S. DDGs? Is that impacting your business already on the dry-mill side or is that yet to come?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: This is  obviously, this is the second time that we're going through this with the Chinese government. And, yeah, there's been more  there's been less activity, obviously, going of DDGs into China. So, they are staying domestically. And they are adjusting prices to find their way into Russia. So, a little bit hurting soybean mill in that sense. And  but I will say, yeah, obviously, not a positive for ethanol, but we're seeing the impact already.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the question. I just wanted to get an update on HFCS pricing to the extent you can talk about that as the negotiations are nearing a conclusion?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thank you, Michael. Yeah. As we said, the negotiations have concluded. We are very satisfied, you know the industry is very tight. So, I think, we concluded with pricing across the portfolio of products in the high-single digits, I would say, for 2016. So, we believe that 2016 represent an opportunity for us to expand margins and see an even-increasing volumes for us. So, we are very bullish about that segment for 2016.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. And then you've talked in the past about trying to optimize your grind on the wet milling operations. Would it be fair to assume that, maybe, you're shifting some of that grind away from ethanol towards other products at this point in time? Or how should we sort of think about the amount of swing capacity you have to move away from ethanol given the current market conditions?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. If we  if you look at, for example, how much ethanol we produced in 2015, we produced less than in 2014. And if you look at high-fructose corn syrup or all our sweeteners and starches, actually we grew our volumes. So, there is a shift that we normally place. The guys optimize the assets and fight for the grind is not only between those two things, but we also continue to introduce new products, sometimes too small to mention, but we continue to see that fight for the grind, yeah.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. And then my last question is, if you could kind of classify within that $275 million bucket of cost savings, roughly how much is going into Corn versus some of the other segments, that'd be helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I don't know the $275 million top of my head. But traditionally, Corn takes about 50% of all our operational improvements. And that might change, you know, over time as we run out of some opportunities here or there. But I would say a rule of thumb, you take 50%, apply it to ethanol  to Corn, I'm sorry.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Again, most of my questions have been answered, but I want to actually talk a little bit more about the kind of global supply situation. We're seeing in the U.S. estimates coming out that corn and soybeans will be 174 million acres which is not demonstrably different from what it was last year. So, I think the U.S. banks will probably have more to determine what  how much farmers get to plant, and that may have an impact on planting numbers. But it doesn't seem like these low prices have at least started to discourage production in the U.S. And then you've still got about 200 million metric tons sitting in China. They don't know what to do with it, I guess time with China would be that  with China, they have such poor storage that maybe it all just goes bad, which would be a good scenario. But can you kind of wrap up your thought  can you wrap up your thoughts on global supply as we put all these factors together, South America, what the U.S. planting season might look like on acreage, what China might do with their corn, we're putting a lot of variables in there, but this is really kind of a key to what I think is going to be a turnaround for your industry fundamentals.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Eric. So, let me take that by pieces. In the U.S., we expect probably acreage of corn and soybeans to go up a little bit and maybe at the expense of wheat acres. You said it well, the globe have increased their stocks this year in the tune of maybe 20 million tons, 25 million tons. So, the world is well supplied. And yet China is sitting on inventories, although we never know the quality of those inventories. So, at this point in time, given that South America is probably not having any major threatening weather events and the U.S. seems to be forecasting a wet spring and we have good soil moisture. So, we probably expect that there'll continue to be ample supply going into next year. There has been some dislocations. We shouldn't forget, El Nio created some problems and that's why we're exporting so much soybean oil to India, for example, or we are exporting now more corn to South Africa because of the drought there. But probably, these dislocations were regional in nature and didn't get to global levels. So, at this point in time, the scenario is for still plentiful supplies as we see forward.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then just your comment that you're looking kind of at 2016, we should sort of begin our thought process that it might be similar to second half 2015. Obviously those were two pretty difficult quarters and I see exactly where you're coming from on that. What would change it so that you'd look more like the first half of 2015?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, Eric, let me take that. I mean, when you take a look at what we've done in the back half of 2015, we've been running $0.60 a quarter, right, in terms of a run rate.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And so, I mean you can't necessarily multiply by four, but what we're saying is that the conditions are not going to be  at least what we see in terms of just visibility at this point in time, not materially different.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: As we kind of move through the year, I mean, clearly, you're going to have certain benefits there. As you would expect, we are going to start off low in the first quarter. I mean, this is based upon the conditions that we end up at the end of December where ethanol margins have ended up. And I mentioned to you, the high water impacts that we had in the Mississippi River that will impact us in January  in the first quarter. We'll start off slower in the front half of the year. We'll start off slower in first quarter and then we expect some gradual recovery as it kind of move through the year. We will get accretion from the investments that we've made. We will get accretion from the cost reductions that we're doing. Well, again, as Juan indicated, we expect the margin environment for ethanol should improve as we kind of move through the year but again, that's going to be a variable that we're going to analyze very, very carefully. And so, as you kind of look at how we think the year will play out, again, as Juan indicated, we do expect Ag Services to be a little better. We expect Corn to be a little bit better. Again, a lot of it a function of where the ethanol margins for the industry end up in the back half of the year. We see Oilseeds is based upon the global crush margins right now to be worse off and then WFSI should have a good year. So, with all those puts and takes, I think we've to make a judgment in terms of how we end up overall. But at least, based upon what we see in terms of visibility, the front  first quarter front half will be tougher than what we think the second half would look like.
Eric Larson - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. I think that's a very thorough perspective. Thank you very much for that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'll turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes some of the upcoming investor events where we will be participating. As always, feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President-Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings conference call. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's call will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2. The company's safe-harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC, concerning the assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. And you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's call, our Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then, Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update on our scorecard, and discuss our forward look. And finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.60. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $684 million. Adjusted ROIC of 8.3% was 170 basis points above our cost of capital. The ADM team executed well in an environment very similar to the second quarter. Ag Services earnings were limited by lower margins and volumes of North American exports due to the continued strength of the U.S. dollar and ample crop supplies, particularly from South America. In Corn, we continue to confront very weak industry ethanol margins, while Sweeteners and Starches results remain solid amid tight supplies. In Oilseeds, good global meal demand again supported soy crushing results, and solid origination volumes contributed to our South American operations, while continued weak oil demand, particularly outside the U.S., weighted on our softseeds business. And, in WFSI, the impact of macroeconomic headwinds, weaker demand from some emerging economies, and the strong U.S. dollar was greater than we had expected. We continue to execute our strategic plan. Among other actions, we've closed on the sale of the global cocoa business, acquired Eatem Foods, and closed the Eaststarch transaction. We're also making strong progress in driving operational efficiencies, which will further enhance our cost position. And we remain committed to our balanced approach to capital allocation for our shareholders. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard activities later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Juan. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.60, down 30% from the $0.86 last year. Excluding specified items and also excluding net timing effects, adjusted segment operating profit was $684 million, down $257 million. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 31%, compared to 28% in the third quarter the prior year. Our tax rate was higher this quarter due to some discrete items that impacted us for the quarter, mainly the finalization of some international tax returns. Our calendar year 2015 estimate for the effective tax rate remains at around 28%. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 8.3% is down by 40 basis points from the 8.7% at the end of the third quarter last year. 8.3% adjusted ROIC is above our 6.6% annual WACC for 2015, as well as our long-term WACC of 8%, as reflected in the graph on slide 19 in the appendix. Our objective remains to earn 200 basis points over our WACC. In the third quarter, our trailing four-quarter average EVA was $428 million based upon the adjusted earnings and the annual WACC, down $178 million from 2014. On chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.41 to the adjusted earnings of $0.60. For this quarter, LIFO represented a $0.07 per share after tax credit. We had gains from the sale of the global chocolate operations, net of expenses, of $0.04 per share. We had a charge related to buying back U.S. debt of $0.19 per share as part of a series of transactions to issue lower-cost euro-denominated debt, with asset impairment charges of $0.06. And we had some structuring and pension settlement charges of $0.04 per share. Slide 5 provides an operating process summary and the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the unique items that impacted our quarterly results. In the Corn Processing segment, we had a $33 million charge related to the partial impairment of our Brazilian sugar processing assets. In Oilseeds, we recorded $32 million gain net of expenses related to the sale of our global chocolate operations in the third quarter. As a reminder, our Cocoa business remained part of our segment reporting result in the third quarter. We closed on the sale of the business in October and the sale will be recognized and recorded in our fourth quarter results. Our new core business segment, WILD Flavors & Specialty Ingredients, or WFSI for short, includes the two businesses we acquired in 2014 namely WILD Flavors and Specialty Commodities, Inc. as well as certain Specialty Ingredients business that were previously reported in ADM's three other segments. For the purposes of comparison to prior results, the year-ago quarter segment operating profit for Ag Services, Corn and Oilseeds removed the moved to earnings of the businesses that are now reported in the WFSI segment. To assist you with your analysis, we've included a chart in the appendix that recapped the 2014 segment quarterly results to the new segments. In the corporate lines, net interest expense is down due to lower interest rates. Unallocated corporate costs of $113 million were within the $110 million to $120 million guidance I provided to you last quarter. Our run rate and underlying corporate cost is consistent with the prior year excluding the special project costs, such as the implementation of our ERP program. I'd also like to comment on our GAAP net revenue number that can be found in the appendix. GAAP net revenues for the quarter were $16.6 billion down from last year's $18.1 billion. This significant reduction was mainly driven by large declines in commodity prices and foreign exchange translation, but these factors also impacted our cost of goods sold as our input costs were lower. I also want to highlight that the GAAP statements for this year and last are not entirely comparable due to some significant transactions over the past 12 months including fertilizer, chocolates, WILD and SDI. Turning to the cash flow statement on slide 6. Here's the cash flow statement for the nine-month period ending September 30, 2015, compared to the same periods of prior year. We generated $1.5 billion from operations before working capital changes in the first nine months of this year. Total capital spending for the nine months was $819 million, up from the prior year. Our CapEx guidance for the calendar year was $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion and based upon our run rate of spending, it's likely will finish up the year at the lower end range or below that range. Given the more challenging business conditions we have encountered in 2015, we have been even more cautious in our capital spending. We acquired several businesses this year including AOR, the European bottled oil company, and our remaining interest in a Romanian port totaling $83 million. And the other investing activities line mainly reflects the proceeds from divestitures such as our global chocolate business and the sale of our stake in our port in Northern Brazil less the increased investment in Wilmar in the first quarter. During the nine months, we spent about $1.8 billion to repurchase about 37.5 million shares towards our 2015 target of repurchasing $1.5 billion to $2 billion worth of shares, subject to strategic capital requirements. Our average share count for the first nine months was 627 million diluted shares outstanding, down 31 million from this time one year ago. At the end of the third quarter, we had 607 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. For the nine-month period, our total return of capital to shareholders, including dividends was over $2.3 billion. You should expect that we will complete about $2 billion of share repurchase by the end of the calendar year and finish up with about 600 million outstanding on a diluted basis. On slide 7, shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of September 30 for 2015 and 2014. Our balance sheet remains very strong. Operating working capital of $7.9 billion was down $0.3 billion from a year-ago period. Total debt was about $6.8 billion resulting in a net debt balance, that is, debt less cash, of $5.6 billion, up from the 2014 net debt levels of $0.7 billion, in part reflecting the fourth quarter cash outflows related to our acquisitions of WILD and SCI, as well as the issuance this year of 1.1 billion, dollars of debt, or roughly $1.2 billion in U.S. dollar terms, and the subsequent repurchase of about $0.9 billion of U.S. debt. Our shareholders' equity of $17.9 billion is $2.4 billion lower than the level last year due to share buybacks and with a cumulative translation account down about $1.1 billion due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. We had $5.3 billion available global credit capacity at the end of September; if you add the available cash, we had access to over $6.4 billion of short-term liquidity. Next, Juan will take us through a review of our business performance.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ray. Please turn to slide 8. In the third quarter, we earned $684 million of operating profit excluding specified items. Compared to the second quarter, market conditions in the third quarter were fairly similar with weak industry ethanol margins and competitive U.S. exports. So, not surprisingly, our operating profits were in line. On a four-quarter trailing average basis, our ROIC of 8.3% was above our annual WACC of 6.6%, and our EVA was $428 million. Now, I'll review the performance of each segment. Starting on slide 9, in the third quarter, Ag Services results were similar to last year's but reflected a historically different set of market conditions. Overall, despite robust global demand, we saw a general lack of merchandising opportunities as the global market was well-supplied. Last year's third quarter saw merchandising and handling results driven by the normal seasonal July-August decline in exports, and the normal uptick with the harvest in September driving near-record volumes out of the Gulf. This year, ample global crop supplies, particularly from South America, and the strong dollar kept North American exports, particularly corn and wheat, largely out of the global markets for the third quarter. However, we did see some soybean exports pick up later in the quarter. Because of weaker global demand for U.S. exports due to the strong dollar, elevation margins at our export terminals were significantly lower this third quarter compared to last year. You'll also recall that the second quarter Global Trade Desk results reflected a late-quarter market shift that negatively impacted some merchandising positions, and we were able to recognize the benefits of these positions in Q3. However, our Global Trade Desk results were slightly down from last year due to lower margins from a more competitive global supply environment and global customers delaying some purchases in a declining price environment. In Transportation, lower U.S. exports reduced barge freight rates. Milling and other results again increased due to improvements in product margins, mix and strong merchandising results. Please turn to slide 10. Corn Processing results declined from the year-ago period. In Sweeteners and Starches, we continued to see strong sweetener demand, supporting both margins and volumes. Across the sub-segment, domestic shipments were flat while exports, particularly co-products, were limited due to the low export demand for DDGs in July and August and the impact of the strong U.S. dollar on the competitiveness of co-products exports. And as our new sweetener plant in Tianjin worked to commercialize its capacity, we had to absorb the fixed costs for that operation. And in bioproducts, ethanol earnings were lower. Industry ethanol inventories throughout the third quarter were higher than last year, and industry production levels were also higher, causing ethanol margins to be considerably weaker than the prior year despite increases in domestic demand. Our ethanol profitability reflects third quarter ethanol EBITDA margins estimated at around $0.18 per gallon. Slide 11, please. Oilseeds had yet another solid quarter. In crushing and origination, strong demand for mill in the U.S. and many of our traditional export destinations throughout Latin America helped support good volumes and margins in our North American soybean crushing operations. Likewise, in Europe, good mill demand drove soy crush utilization. Weak global demand for vegetable oil reduced softseed margins and volumes around the world, particularly in Europe where rapeseed crushing results were down significantly. This was another quarter in which our switch capacity paid off. And as the large Brazilian corn and soybeans crop combined with the weak real to encourage farmer selling, origination volumes increased significantly and margins rose, contributing to stronger year-over-year South American crushing and origination results. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results declined mainly on the absence of biodiesel blenders credits we had recorded last year. However, North American refined oils had the best third quarter ever from good domestic demand, and the results were offset by weaker demand for refined oils outside of the U.S. and also weaker overall biodiesel margins. Results from Asia rose primarily on Wilmar's improved performance. Slide 12, please. In their third reporting quarter, the WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients business unit earned $70 million. It was a tough quarter for the team. As I mentioned, the strong dollar and weakness in some emerging economies affected results across a number of product lines. And while these factors are largely beyond our control, we're focusing on the levers we can pull to deliver results and strengthen the business. We're seeing improved gross margins on some key product categories, including flavors, polyols and proteins. We're seeing U.S. domestic business generating good results from solid demand. We're seeing improved volumes in our polyols business. We are addressing some inventory management issues in our specialty commodities business and this issue should be behind us by the end of the year. And our synergy work is paying off, as the results are benefiting from margin expansion, cost savings and mix. The team remains laser-focused on our synergy work, thus resulting in a steady customer and pipeline growth. We've delivered 81 new wins and have an active pipeline of more than 675 projects. As a result of these efforts, we're seeing many new RFPs for SCI, for WILD Flavors and for ADM. And as I mentioned, we continue to see strong interest in our offering and lots of product launches. Since the WILD acquisition, the team has implemented about $30 million in annualized run rate cost synergies, and we are on track to reach about $40 million by the end of this calendar year. We remain confident that the team will deliver 100 million of run rate synergies from the WILD acquisition by the end of year 3, which is 2017. And we're still on track toward the lower end of the $0.10 to $0.15 sales per share first year accretion for WILD Flavors. Now, on slide 13, I would like to update you on how we're strengthening and growing our company. This is the scorecard we presented at Investor Day in December. It lists the actions we are taken to help grow our business, our earnings, and our returns. We've highlighted some of the areas in which we made significant progress. I'll discuss a few. In Ag Services, we expanded our destination sales operations, opening offices in El Salvador and Guatemala. In Corn, in July, we acquired Lyrco Nutrition, an animal feed business that serves primarily the dairy and swine market in Quebec. And yesterday, we closed the Eaststarch acquisition, enabling ADM to better serve growing the European demand as the EU lifts its artificial cap on cereal-based sweeteners. In Oilseeds, we closed the sale of our global cocoa business to Olam. We closed the acquisition of AOR, the oil bottling company based in Belgium. This is allowing us to better reach the continental European retail and food service markets and enhancing our ability to export value-added products internationally. And we're adding soy switch capacity to our rapeseed processing plant at Straubing, Germany. And in WFSI, we acquired Eatem Foods, a leading developer of savory flavors, adding deep expertise in savory flavors and ethnic cuisines, and broadening our capabilities in the food service and private brand channels. We announced the construction of a state-of-the-art flavor lab and customer center in Cranbury, New Jersey. We located a new information technology support center in an existing building on the WILD campus in Erlanger, Kentucky. We remain on track to deliver synergy targets and we continue to advance our construction projects in Brazil, China, Germany, India, and the U.S. And we have made great progress in the area of driving operational efficiencies. We had targeted $550 million of run rate savings by the end of year 5. In fact, we have already identified a pipeline of more than $700 million. We'll update you on our scorecard each quarter, and over time, you should expect to see the results of these actions in improved earnings and returns. So, before we take your questions, I wanted to offer some additional perspective as we look forward. We have a large U.S. harvest in front of us, and the U.S. crop will eventually move to the world markets which will benefit our Ag Services business. In Corn, the sweetener balance sheet should remain tight while ethanol industry margins will move based upon supply and demand dynamics. In Oilseeds, global demand for protein remains strong, and we're watching Asia palm and soybean oil production and Brazilian biodiesel legislation, which could improve the global vegetable oil balance sheet. And WFSI continues to capture synergies related to the WILD acquisition and integrate the recent acquisitions such as Eatem Foods. As you saw a moment ago, we continue to make progress advancing our plan. And, as I mentioned earlier, we remain committed to our capital allocation framework that was set out at the end of 2014 in terms of a balanced approach for our shareholders. With that, Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you. You might have kind of alluded to this in your comments, but I think you said that U.S. farmers will eventually commercialize their grain. Can you give us kind of a little bit more color on the degree to which they're unwilling to commercialize at today's prices, and what does that mean for your fourth quarter and kind of end-year EPS estimates, guys?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thank you, Rob. Yes, certainly. U.S. farmers don't like these prices. And at this point in time, they are holders of grain. If we look at their normal pattern of commercialization of before the harvest, during the harvest and post-harvest, this year, we've seen that in corn, they probably sold about 30% of the new crop, while normally they will be about 45% by this time of the year. If we look at beans, they probably sold about 35% of the new crop. And normally, they will have averaged about 60%. We still believe that our Q4 earnings in Ag Services will grow versus Q3, but we'll probably see more commercialization of grain either in reais, that will depend probably on a weather event, where there is a concern about potentially South America maybe later on in December or something like that, or with the regular cash flow needs maybe during 2016.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. That's very helpful. Another question, I've heard rumblings about what the election in Argentina could mean. With the new leader coming in, it might lead to a reduction in tariffs or export duties. And I want to know what  how do you think that might play out and how will it affect your business if Argentina suddenly commercializes a lot of soybean meal? Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Well, obviously, there's going to be a run-off election in November 22. So, we're hearing from both candidates on their proposals, and there are rumblings about potential reduction in export restrictions or the licenses that they have  are applied today or maybe export taxes and/or potential devaluation. I will qualify the following way, Rob, I think this  as one of the largest exporter of grain in Argentina, that reduction in restrictions and licenses will be positive for our Ag Services business. And if you think that there's going to be more soybeans coming to market and more crush than in Argentina, that may be a potential negative for the competitiveness of U.S. mill exports out of the U.S. and it might impact a little bit the situation in Europe. So, I would say positive for Ag Services, potential negative for Oilseeds.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Do you think it's a net positive for ADM overall or is it just kind of neutral?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, it's interesting because the Ag Services impact is a direct impact. We're going to get to export more and our exports from Argentina have been subdued over the last couple of years. The impact in Oilseeds, it could be a little bit more indirect and it depends on other issues and this is more a substitution. So, I can't quantify it more than that at this point in time, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning. This is Patrick Chen for Ken.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Patrick.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Patrick.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just another question about Ag Services. I guess is the $850 million to $900 million number still at risk? Is there a structural risk given the farmers still like to hold grains longer, especially in light of the third consecutive large crop?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Let me give you some perspective. We do believe that the range is relevant for Ag Services. Given the conditions and given where we are in Q4, we know that Q4 will be better than Q3, but will be  will fall short of Q4 last year. So, probably this year, we may end up lower than that range, given the conditions of the U.S. dollar and the very strong crops in South America. But, let me give you some perspective, if we look at the last eight years, Ag Services has hit that range in seven of the last eight, and the only year in which it didn't, it was because of this 50-year drought that we had. So, I would say, at this point in time, we continue to maintain that that's just a fair range for Ag Services into the future.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thanks for the color. Just switching gears a little bit to ethanol margins, when would get industry margins recover? It seems like there are a lot of headwinds right now. You have ethanol trading on a premium to gasoline, a weak real, improving Brazil's pricing competitiveness, and also China supposedly closing its borders to U.S. DGs. I guess how much cost savings can you realize in your plans to offset some of that? Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. You get it right. The main thing that we can do to help ourselves certainly is continue to work on the cost of the plants, and we are evaluating. That is a constant process to see how much can we help ourselves into that, granted maybe dry mills are a little bit more limited in our ability to get savings than maybe a larger wet mill but we continue to work on that. I will say the dynamics at this point in time as we see it, Patrick, are there has been some good news in this quarter about China getting into the export destination roster, if you will. Some of the plants have maybe came back a little bit later from their maintenance, which provided a little bit of time. But as you said, medium term, we continue to trade as a premium to gasoline, which will have some impact in certain export destinations. That way, we continue to call the net exports about the same even if China is coming into the export destination roster. So, it will be  it will continue to flow depending on how much the industry will produce. We are positive about the demand. Demand is up in gasoline about 3% this year, and maybe it's going to be up 1% to 1.5% for next year. Exports continue to be robust. Ethanol is growing very, very fast in Brazil, and now with the increasing gasoline prices in Brazil, ethanol has become a little bit more expensive. Petrobras is in strike today so they are not producing that much oil, so maybe they need a little bit more ethanol. So, I would say at this point we can pick up with a little bit like the margins we have today going forward, and with hopes into the global domestic demand and keeping those export markets.
Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Patrick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Tom Simonitsch for Ann. Can you talk about your increased stake in Wilmar and the strategic rationale behind that investment?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, yes. Well, we have opportunistically acquired shares of Wilmar in the open market recently. And I say opportunistically because obviously they were relatively low with regards to their book value, and certainly the Singapore dollar also was very convenient for us to make that investment. You heard us before, Wilmar is a strategic partner and one of our largest customers, and we continue to be very committed to this relationship, to growing this relationship. Wilmar gives us a window and an exposure to tropical oils, to China oilseed crush, to consumer packaged products in China. So, it's a great way for us to participate in that. And we believe in our relationship, and we will continue to grow it over time.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And also you mentioned with WILD Flavors facing demand headwinds in Q3, can you expand on this, especially in light of the expectation that WILD would perhaps be less volatile than other segments?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I would say  listen, the trends are intact. We continue to see big push  or pull from customers in terms of the pipeline that we have. The pipeline continues to grow, if I quote it's 675 projects in the pipeline. At the end of October that number is like 805. So, it continues to grow. The segment is composed of many products and some of those products as we  you heard that we're building a plant in Brazil of specialty proteins. Well, at this point in time, we source everything from the plant in the U.S. Certainly, with the strong U.S. dollar, our ability to export to the world has been reduced. There are some countries that have some issues of importing like Venezuela, for example, even if our customers want to get the product. Some key markets  key emerging markets have been soft, whether it's called Middle East, whether it's Russia, whether it's China. And some of these products like emulsifiers or hydrocolloids are used in oil field drilling. And obviously, you see that the rig count going down in the U.S. with less drilling going on as oil prices have declined. So, several factors. I would say none of the fundamentals have changed into this business. We continue to be excited. We continue to be building capabilities. We have bought three companies in the last year with WILD, SCI and Eatem Foods. They are all on trend. They are all on target. So, we continue to feel very strong about it. It's a long-term play that we're building a great company for ADM here. And as long as synergies are on track and products are getting the pull from customers, we don't worry that much about these short-term headwinds.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Juan, could you give us some color on soy crush margins kind of around the world and what your outlook is going into the fourth quarter for that crushing and origination division?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, sure. So, crush margins continue to be very solid and very positive in the U.S. So, we're still running hard. Certainly, the U.S. has the best crush margins in the world, followed by soy crush margins in Europe. There's still good demand in Europe. And even if some soy meal from South America has started to show up, we still remain more skewed toward soy crushing than rapeseed crushing in Europe. South America has recovered a little bit and is doing better. It's coming third in the pecking order, if you will. And then probably lagging is China. We still have good demand for meal in China, but it's more hovering into the breakeven territory, if you will. So, going into Q4 and being halfway through Q4, if you will, as I said, the crush margins remain in decent state, and maybe you're going to see a slight decline of Q4 versus Q3 for oilseeds in general but still very solid.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then a theme throughout your comments has been the strong U.S. dollar. Is there opportunities for ADM to re-price its product, any actions you can take to make ADM more competitive given that the U.S. dollar likely will stay strong for somewhat an extended period of time?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I would say that the big issue is sometimes not that much the strong U.S. dollar that we can  as you said, we can commercially offset some of that. The issue is whether some currencies are very weak versus the dollar, whether you call it the real or whether the ruble. And that makes other origins much more competitive. Think about how competitive has been Brazil in the world market where Paraguay, with the same weather, with the same climate, hasn't been. It's not that Brazil has any different competitive advantage than Paraguay, it's just that the real has devalued significantly versus what the Paraguayan currency have done. So, two things. They ebb and flow and we profited from our origination in Brazil. Our volumes in Brazil are like  have exploded versus last year and we see part of that reflected in Ag Services. So, at the end of the day, the good thing is that there are large crops everywhere, and we're going to commercialize those crops. But it's certainly affects the timing of all that, Farha. And we're going through that period.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Just wanted to dig a little bit deeper into the ethanol side of the business, specifically, just wanted to get your sense in terms of what you think total industry capacity is today, and out into 2016? It looks like in the last couple months, total production has gone down a little bit.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Listen, probably, total capacity is in the range of 14.8%, something in that range. The industry, Michael, has  normally takes two shutdowns for maintenance, one before the driving season, one post the driving season to be at the plants back in shape. Obviously, you have these corn dynamics in which corn is more plentiful or bases are lower in the West than in the East, so some of the East plants might have taken a little bit longer to come back from maintenance just because it was difficult maybe to get corn. And I think at the end of the day, with these low oil prices, domestic demand has been strong and with exports, net exports staying in this range of maybe 750 million gallons  and that's kind of where we are seeing this year, and maybe for next year  we see the balance is pretty similar to what we see now. Again, I think the two positive sides could be if we could get another 1%, 1.5% domestic demand growth and then we see ethanol in Brazil being more requested internally, and China, China went from like 3 million gallons last year of imports to maybe 60 million gallons this year. So, well that's going to bode well for 2016. And those are probably positive. On the negative side, capacity utilization in the industry continues to be in the maybe 2% and it should go a little bit higher to see margin expansion.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then shifting over to the other side of Corn Processing, it looks like there's some favorable news on HFCS pricing into 2016. Maybe you could talk a little bit about when we might start to see some of those benefits roll through in any sort of order of magnitude from those favorable contracts?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, we're still finalizing some of those contracts, so I will refrain from making any specific comments about that. Normally, we clarify what happened at the end of the season in our next call. And I would say, from a P&L perspective, we see the impact kind of February to February, so starting in February  so it rolls into  in our P&L probably at the end of Q1. That's kind of what tends to happen. But we see the industry being tight, so industry is running at about 90% and our volumes have been strong.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Terrific. Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: . Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: A bit of a longer-term question and I want to think about the current environment today relative to the $4 medium-term EPS target that you've laid out. The last two quarters have had EPS about $0.60, and there is some blood line noise in there, but if you think about getting to a $4 EPS number from here and understanding seasonality, 3Q is usually a seasonally softer quarter for you guys, you probably need to see something on the order of $175 million, maybe $200 million of quarterly operating income improvement here. And there's going to be moving pieces within the businesses in terms of what's performing well cyclically or not. But help us think about how we can bridge to that kind of level of performance over the medium term. Is there a particular part of the portfolio that really has to step up its performance whether cyclically or operationally, the future benefit from cost actions, future capital allocation? Just help us think about the moving pieces. Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Thank you, Adam. Thank you for the question actually. Listen, I will believe on the medium term, earnings range of $4 to $4.50 that we shared with you before has not changed. Although we face certain headwinds, we have looked at this and we have stress-tested actually with two scenarios recently. And we still believe that we are on track to deliver that. It may not happen exactly the way we have described it to you before four orderly buckets of $0.30, but let me walk you through some of those issues. We certainly had a little bit higher ethanol margins in our original projections. And we have cut those ethanol margins, and as I said when we stress-tested, to more like the levels we have today. We also look at what if the U.S. dollar continued to be strong and Ag Services will remain in this kind of range. And then we look at the positives and there are some businesses in certain portfolios that we are recovering, that we haven't highlighted to you because it was not a need to divest those business from a portfolio management, but those businesses are businesses that are  that have specific actions to recover. And we feel strongly about being able to achieve that over the next year, year-and-a-half. Then we have operational excellence and operational efficiencies. And as I described in my remarks, when we started to look at this target of $550 million in five years, and having the $0.10 per year out of that, we are already, after the first year, we have unveiled a pipeline of $700 million, and we continue to find more. So, we have programs to accelerate that, to bring them faster into the program. We're also continuing to deploy our cash into these bolt-on acquisitions, and as we did, Eatem, we have more in the pipeline. And when we put all these things together, again, the recovery of some of the units, some of the operational efficiencies, some of the M&A, and we also have the ability to maybe even accelerate the buybacks as Ray mentioned that we will be in the upper side of our range this year. Again, we have stress-tested and we look at two different scenarios and we always come back within that range. So, happy to report that at this point in time, we continue to see our results on track for end of 2017 or early 2018, delivered on that range.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's very helpful. And then maybe just a short-term question, an update on your thoughts on the biodiesel market, both thoughts in Europe and then the U.S., what do you think of the likelihood that we actually can get a producer tax credit passed here domestically by Congress?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. This is obviously important because we've been carrying the crush based on mill. And I think the creation of an oil story is an important  to bring more strength to the overall crushing area. But I would say we're seeing both the U.S. government and the Brazilian government a little bit more proactive to be supportive of biodiesel, whether we're going to have different RBOs here in the U.S., which is a guess at this point, but that's kind of  seems to be the rumor, and whether Brazil is thinking on increasing from a B7 to maybe a B8. So, we feel positive at this point into that, there  my speculation is probably as good as yours at this point. So, we don't have any inside information. But we seem to see signs in the market that again both governments may be more positive towards biodiesel and supporting biodiesel products.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. That's very helpful. I'll pass it along. Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Your line is open.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. This is Cornell on the line with a few questions on behalf of David.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Cornell.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. How is it going? I just wanted to start off on the WILD Flavors segment. I believe earlier it was mentioned that the company is still looking for that business to kind of come in line where you previously thought it would for the full year. However, it looks like the results in the quarter are really soft, I think, $70 million or so. It was down a lot from what you did in the second quarter. And I know that 2Q and 3Qs are supposedly the seasonally strong quarters for that segment, so it seemed like that segment significantly underperformed in the quarter. One, is that true? And then if that's the case, what would be the offset going forward that would keep the full-year guidance intact?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thank you, Cornell. Let me verify to you  and we are learning all these businesses obviously because they are new to us, but Q3 we were expecting to be softer than Q2. This business is heavy on the summer season because it's all about beverages and the summer in Europe is very important. And so, the preparation for that summer is important. After that, the business the lower seasonality. So, there was some, as you described, of underperformance, but part was the normal seasonality. So, the underperformance as I described before, specialty proteins is  we export everything at this point from the U.S. So we're still building our plant in Brazil, and the strong dollar hurt some of the exports. Some of the destination markets have issues I described before whether it was Venezuela, whether it was Brazil, whether it was Russia. In the WILD Flavors, there was some softness in some accounts that are large produce that they came a little bit softer in Japan and in China. Nothing that this is structural, nothing that we worry significantly about. And we saw also in specialty proteins and some of these products that are soy-related, customers actually destocked because they saw the pricing of soybeans and all that coming down, there was not a lot of incentive for them to accumulate products or have forward moves on any of that. So, we saw a little bit of a destocking. So, the fundamental indicators about the strength of this business have not changed. The pull from customers, the number of projects, the excitement about all these solutions haven't changed. So, I would say just  it's just an adjustment in terms of destocking and emerging market softness, if you will.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Cornell. Just also  just  again, I think it's fair to say that we're all learning about the seasonal pattern of this business here. And so you should expect that the second quarter will always be the strongest quarter for WFSI. After the second quarter, you will see declines. Third quarter will come down because that's the seasonal pattern and then the fourth quarter and the first quarter generally will be the lowest quarters in terms of profitability for WFSI. So, I think once you've kind of gone through one year, you'll start understanding the seasonal pattern of this business for modeling. The second point I want to make is, as Juan reaffirmed  and we are for WILD Flavors, we're still on track for the first year accretion. We provided guidance that it will be $0.10 to $0.15 a share. We're still on track despite the headwinds that we've seen in terms of foreign exchange, in terms of the weakness of certain markets around the world. We're still on track towards lowering that range for WILD Flavors. And then thirdly, if you recall, I did provide some guidance earlier in the year for the entire WFSI segment. I said that it will be somewhere above $300 million  $300 million, $340 million for the calendar year. We're still on track towards the lower end of that range. So, I think it's fair to say the team has done a very good job in terms of confronting the headwinds that we've seen in the business, yet I'm still very, very comfortable that the financial results for this segment as well as for Wild Flavors are still consistent  again, on the lower end of the range but still consistent with what we're tracking in terms of helping this business actually move towards supporting our $4 to $4.50 earnings power over the medium term.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Very good. And if I can switch and then ask one question, if I may, about ethanol. You just kind of mentioned earlier you're looking at New York Harbor ethanol prices at about a $0.35 per gallon premium to gas and it seems like a very wide premium and obviously, historically, you've kind of traded at a discount. Going forward, do you believe that there could be some risk there just on the pricing front as you get deeper into the fourth quarter and some of those ethanol plants that are down start to come up and so you see production tick up and presumably inventories tick up within the industry?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Cornell, there is always that risk that we face and that's why ethanol margins have remained at this level. I think the  I think exports have been resilient, and that gives me a lot of comfort. If we look at the top 12 export destinations of U.S. ethanol, year-to-date even within this dynamic, only two are down versus last year; 10 of them are up, or 3 of those 10 are actually new destinations. So, there is a lot of dynamic into this. And as some customers are looking at this and saying, okay, it's more extensive than gasoline, I don't export it anymore  or I don't import from the U.S. anymore, we're going to see other customers come into the market. Remember that ethanol continues to be the cheapest oxygenate, and all the other oxygenates are in the range of $2.50 even at these oil prices. So, there's always going to be an opportunity for ethanol to replace other oxygenates. But it will all hinge on how much capacity runs and how much capacity runs at full capacity.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Evan Morris with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hello? Hello?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hello?
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. I know, I'm sorry. Something must have been wrong with my phone wire. Just a question for you just on ethanol and a lot of the  sort of operational question, but just bigger picture, I mean, ethanol has clearly been very volatile and your stock is at times and certainly for the better part of the past year has been trading based on oil prices and the ethanol outlook. I mean, internally, I know you can't exit ethanol in its entirety given sort of the wet mill, dry mill balance. But how much thought have you guys put into internally looking at why maintain the dry mills and why not just sort of shift some of that ethanol production in the wet mill  shift away from ethanol on the wet mill side, just reduce your exposure going forward. What's still the reason to be there in the size and the capacity that you are?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thanks for the questions. Listen, it's something that obviously we think about it very frequently. Our focus is to improve the competitiveness of our two dry mills. You understand there is very different dynamics between dry mills and wet mills.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, obviously, that's what we're looking at, improving the competitiveness. Naturally, if we get to a point in which we cannot improve our cost position to the point of differentiation, if you will, for whatever reason, and if we believe that they cannot compete in a more challenging U.S. ethanol environment, we will naturally look at the various alternatives to maximize shareholder value. At this point in time, we haven't found the end of that and we continue to find opportunities. And we want to see  listen, it could be that the ethanol dry mill cost curve is very flat. And even if we improve, we don't get to a point of differentiation. And in that sense, we will like to make  we will probably need to make a decision. At this point, we are not there yet. We are still finding opportunities to differentiate our dry mills. But I'm not surprised with your question or your assessment. We constantly are reviewing that.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just a broader sort of acquisition strategy, someone asked earlier about the incremental investment in Wilmar and there's been some speculation regarding potential grain crop in Australia, being able to potentially complete that deal with a new prime minister and then others about exiting  if you can just  I think you've talked about having the capacity to do $5 billion to $6 billion or so in terms of an acquisition. Can you talk about, as you're thinking about it, now your acquisition strategy, the strong dollar, some of these opportunities may present themselves again, sort of bigger versus smaller, as you think about the acquisitions?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So we are very comfortable and confident in our strategy. Our strategy doesn't call for the large M&A. Our strategy at this point in time includes for certain businesses, bolt-on M&As. Bolt-on M&As that actually what we do is that present opportunities to create platforms for ADM to continue to move its products into more stable and higher revenues. So, obviously if there is an opportunity that is too hard to pass, that is somehow inexpensive out there, we will look at those things. But that's not the main thrust of our story, of our strategy here. So, I would say regarding all the other comments, obviously we don't make comments on speculation. And there's been enough speculation. You're going to see more of us doing this kind of Eatem or Eaststarch in which we continue to strengthen our businesses as they need some platforms to continue to grow. Eatem provides an excellent culinary expertise, an excellent savory platform that we didn't have before. We will continue to do so. Very large M&A again is not something that we are seeking at this point in time. We might stumble into something, if it's very convenient and would provide big shareholder value creation. But we're not seeking them at this point.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: I would like to turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, thank you for joining us today. Slide 15 notes an upcoming investor event. And as always, please feel free to follow up with Mark if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President, Investor Relations, for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings conference call. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's call will be available at adm.com. For those following this presentation, please turn to slide two, the company's Safe Harbor Statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risk and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC, concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. And you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's call, our Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then, Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter, provide an update on our scorecard, and discuss our forward look. Finally, they will take your questions. Please turn to slide three. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.60. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $724 million. Adjusted ROIC of 9% was 240 basis points above our cost of capital. Our second quarter results demonstrate the strength and value of our geographic and business portfolio diversity. In Corn, domestic and export demand for ethanol was robust, but record industry production limited margins. This was partially offset by strong results from our corn sweeteners and starches business. In Oilseeds, good meal demand supported strong North American soybean crushing results. And South American origination and export volumes were up, leading to good throughput at our expanded origination and port network. These, combined with the flexibility of our global crush plants, helped the Oilseeds team deliver another strong performance. The Wild Flavors and Specialty Ingredients team had an excellent quarter and continues to make great progress toward achieving their targeted cost and revenue synergies. Ag Services earnings were impacted by lower margins and volumes of North American exports, as they were less competitive globally, and by a sharp upward move in commodity prices at the end of the quarter. But within our Ag Services segment, the milling business had record second quarter results We've continued to advance our strategic plan that's improving our ROIC and growing our EVA. Among numerous other actions, we closed the sale of our global chocolate business to Cargill; we closed the Barcarena port transaction with Glencore in June; and we remain on track to close both our Eaststarch transaction and the sale of our global cocoa business later this year. And we're making great progress on our operational excellence initiatives. I'll provide more detail on our scorecard activities later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Juan. Slide four provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.60, down from the strong $0.79 last year. Excluding specified items, and also excluding net timing effects, adjusted segment operating profit was $724 million. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 27% compared to 28% in the second quarter of the prior year. Our trailing four-quarter average ROIC of 9% significantly improved by 120 basis points from the 7.8% at the end of the second quarter last year. The 9% adjusted ROIC is above our 6.6% annual WACC for 2015, as well as our long-term WACC of 8% as reflected in the graph on slide nine in the appendix. Our objective remains to earn 200 basis points over our WACC. In the second quarter, our trailing four-quarter average EVA was $610 million based upon adjusted earnings and annual WACC, up $238 million from the second quarter of 2014. On chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.62 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.60 per share. For this quarter, LIFO represented $0.06 per share after-tax charge. We had some gains on sales or revaluations of assets, primarily related to our Northeast Brazil port and the Romanian port, totaling $0.11 per share. We also had some impairment charges, totaling $0.04 per share. Slide five provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I'd like to highlight some of the unique items impacting our quarterly results. We had some gains and some charges in Ag Services, Corn and Oilseeds segments that I mentioned in the last chart and are highlighted in our press release. As a reminder, our cocoa and chocolate business remain part of our segment reporting results in Oilseeds until we have closed on the sales, and they're not treated as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Our new fourth business segment, Wild Flavors and Specialty Ingredients, or WFSI for short, is reported as its own segment for the second time this quarter. This segment includes the two businesses we acquired in 2014, Wild Flavors and Specialty Commodities Inc, as well as certain specialty ingredients businesses that were previously reported in ADM's three other segments. For purposes of comparison to prior results, the year-ago quarter's segment operating profit for Ag Services, Corn and Oilseeds removed the earnings of the businesses that are now reported in the WFSI segment. To assist you with your analysis, we've included a chart in the appendix that recasts 2014 segment quarterly results to the new segments. In the corporate line, net interest expense was about flat. Unallocated corporate expenses were $19 million higher due to: one, increased GAAP pension expenses relating to the changes in discount rates and mortality tables; second, increased spending in IT in our ERP project; third, investments related to strategic business improvement projects; and lastly, unique costs related to specific divestiture activities, including the chocolate and cocoa. We're starting to see some of the benefits of some of the strategic business improvement projects in our results. Excluding these factors, our run rate in underlying corporate costs are consistent with the prior year, and you should expect our run rate the next few quarters to be between $110 million to $120 million per quarter. I would also like to comment on our GAAP net revenue number that can be found in the appendix. GAAP net revenues for the quarter were $17.2 billion, down from last year's $21.5 billion. This significant reduction was driven by large declines in commodity prices that impact our revenues, but this decline also impacts our cost of goods sold as our input costs are lower. So the key is managing the spread between the revenues and cost of goods sold, which is a core competency of our teams. This dynamic makes operating profit much more relevant when analyzing us. I also want to highlight that the GAAP statements in the prior year do not include the revenues and the costs of WILD and SCI, which transactions closed in the fourth quarter of last year. Now turning to the cash flow statement on slide six. Here's the cash flow statement for the six months ending June 30, 2015 compared to the same period the prior year. We generated $1.2 billion from operations before working capital changes in the six months, slightly higher than the prior year. Total capital spending for the six months was $540 million, up from the prior year, but consistent with our guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion for the calendar year. During the six months, we spent $1.2 billion to repurchase about 24 million shares towards our 2015 target of repurchasing $1.5 billion to $2 billion of shares, subject to strategic capital requirements. Our average share count for the first six months was 633 million diluted shares outstanding, down 28 million from the 661 million at this time one year ago. At the end of the second quarter, we had 621 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. For the first half, our total return of capital to shareholders, including dividends, was over $1.5 billion. Our six months cash flows are consistent with our 2015 calendar year targets of capital allocations, namely CapEx of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, approximately $700 million of dividends, and $1.5 billion to $2 billion in share repurchases. We have been more aggressive in the pace of stock buybacks, taking advantage of the recent weakness in our stock price, and all this is consistent with the balanced capital allocation framework we set forth at our December Investor Day. Slide seven highlights our balance sheet as of June 30 for 2015 and 2014. Our balance sheet remains strong. Operating working capital of $8.3 billion was down $2.7 billion from the year-ago period. This decrease was comprised of about $2.1 billion related to lower inventory prices, including the translation impact, partially offset about $0.9 billion related to higher inventory quantities and a decrease of about $1.5 billion in other working capital, primarily related to reclassification of working capital for our global cocoa and chocolate businesses under held-for-sale accounting. Total debt was about $6.9 billion, resulting in a net debt balance, that is debt less cash, of $5.7 billion, up from the 2014 net debt level of $3.6 billion, in part reflecting the fourth quarter cash outflows related to our acquisitions of WILD and SCI. In addition, we raised 1.1 billion in June in the euro debt markets to take advantage of low interest rates and to serve as a net investment hedge for our grown euro asset base following the WILD acquisition. We have paid down $0.8 billion of notional debt in July in a U.S. debt tender settlement, and we may pay down an additional $0.2 billion before the end of the third quarter. While we will take a pre-tax charge of slightly above $0.2 billion in the third quarter related to the debt tender premium, we expect going forward our ongoing annual interest expense to be lower by about $40 million pre-tax, or $0.04 per share after-tax, through the combination of the U.S. debt reductions and the euro debt issuances. This U.S. debt tender/euro debt issuance transaction had a very positive NPV benefit for ADM. Our shareholders' equity of $18.6 billion is $1.7 billion lower than the level last year, with the cumulative translation account down about $0.5 billion due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. We had $5.9 billion available global credit capacity at the end of June. If you add the available cash, we had access to over $7 billion of short-term liquidity. Next, Juan will take us through a review of our business performance. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ray. Please turn to slide eight. In the second quarter, we earned $724 million of operating profits, excluding specified items. Our ROIC of 9% was up 120 basis points over last year's second quarter and EVA was up $238 million, an increase of more than 60% from last year. First half operating profits were similar to the same period last year, despite a decline of more than $200 million in operating profits from the ethanol business. These results demonstrate the power of our business model. Now, I will review the performance of each segment. Starting on slide nine, in the second quarter, Ag Services results declined from last year. Merchandising and handling results reflected a more significant seasonal decline in North American export volumes and margins, while some global demand was met by increased South American exports that improved our Oilseeds segment results. We also saw lower Global Trade Desk margins, as the June 30 USDA report drove an increasing prices of some commodities, which negatively impacted some merchandising positions. While we had this impact at the end of Q2, markets came back a few days after the report. In transportation, we saw lower total U.S. barge freight volumes and high water increased our costs. Milling and other results increased due to improvements in product margins, mix and strong merchandising results, a great quarter for our global milling operations; record second quarter results there. Please turn to slide 10. Corn Processing results improved sequentially and declined year-over-year. In sweeteners and starches, overall volumes were up about 3% year-over-year. The tight supply chain for North American sweeteners supported very good margins and volumes. We also saw good demand for livestock feed. And our Almex joint venture in Mexico and our Eaststarch joint venture in Europe both delivered solid results. And in bioproducts, ethanol earnings were lower. As I mentioned earlier, demand was robust, with increased exports and record U.S. driving miles, but margins were limited as the industry ran at record volumes. Our ethanol profitability improved from the first quarter, with second quarter ethanol EBITDA margins estimated at around $0.18 per gallon. Now, looking forward, on the demand side, we see continued strong domestic and export demand for ethanol. Driving miles are up more than 3%, which will help domestic ethanol consumption approach 14 billion gallons in 2015. We see annualized net exports running at about 800 million gallons. We expect continued growth of exports to markets that currently use MTBE. And E15 adoption continues to grow, which will also bolster demand long-term. On the supply side, industry production levels will be a function of many factors, including maintenance timing, yields, hot weather, planned and unplanned downtime, and the pace of industry capacity creep. In terms of what we are doing, we're strengthening our efforts to expand E15 adoption in the U.S. and ethanol adoption in markets abroad. We're also investing to further improve ADM's cost position in this business. ADM has invested a lot of effort to drive operational excellence and cost reductions in our wet mills, which represent about 1.1 billion gallons of nameplate capacity, and that have translated into strong financial results from these facilities even in challenging environments. We believe there are still opportunities to improve the cost positions of our large dry mills, which represent about 600 million gallons of nameplate capacity. We are intensifying efforts across a range of areas to drive these cost improvements. In summary, we continue to believe there is an important place for ethanol in the global fuel supply, and we expect that our actions will help drive improved results from this business in the near term. Slide 11 please. Oilseeds had another consistent solid quarter, similar to last year. In crushing and origination, large global bean supplies and strong U.S. mill demand drove great global soy crush results. In the first half of 2015, we crushed record volumes of soybeans globally. As part of our strategic plan for Oilseeds, we've added switch capacity to more of our North American crush plants, and we profited from our global switch capacity in a weak softseed margin environment this quarter. As I mentioned earlier, our South American origination and port operations, including our Barcarena port, had good throughput as the region's large corn and soy harvests proved the world's most competitive supplier. In fact, ADM's South American export volumes were up 38% compared to last year's second quarter. On the softseed side, concerns about seed supply significantly reduced margins and volumes. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results declined mainly on the absence of biodiesel blender's credits we recorded last year. In Europe and South America, margins were challenged by regional market conditions. In North America, we saw strong refining margins and our Stratas Foods bottled oil joint venture delivered its best quarter yet. Stratas continues to be an industry leader in working with customers to manage the transition away from trans fat. Results from Asia rose primarily and (20:19) improve performance. Slide 12, please. In their second reporting quarter, the Wild Flavors and Specialty Ingredients business unit delivered more than $100 million in earnings, an excellent performance. Wild Flavors had strong results in North America. To provide some context, it's worth noting that in 2014, North America represented slightly more than half of the profit for Wild Flavors globally. And despite macroeconomic headwinds, Flavor profits in Europe were in line with our plan. And this quarter was one of the best ever for our specialty proteins business. Among other highlights, a customer launched the first retail product with our Textura customized inclusions. The WFSI business with products ranging from protein, specialties to ancient grains to natural flavors, is a key component in ADM's efforts to serve customers with on-trend products to grow their business. As I mentioned earlier, WFSI team continued working across all ADM businesses to fuel synergy efforts. In terms of revenue synergies, they continued to grow the pipeline and customer base. In the quarter, they added 175 projects to the pipeline, bringing the total to nearly 600 projects. In the quarter, they worked across all ADM's business units to deliver more than 50 more revenue synergy wins. One interesting note here, the SCI team and their customer relationships have proved to be a valuable engine for driving cross business collaboration and delivering these wins. So, so far this year, the WFSI team has implemented $24 million in annualized run rate cost synergies, that's more than half away toward the three-year target. We remain confident that the team will deliver 100 million of run rate synergies from the WILD acquisition by the end of year three, which is 2017. I would still expect the WILD business to deliver $0.10 to $0.15 earnings accretion in the first full year of operations, despite some forex headwinds. Now, on the Slide 13, I would like to update you on how we're strengthening and growing our company. This is a scorecard we presented at the Investor Day in December. It lists the actions we are taking to help grow our business, our earnings and our returns. We've highlighted some of the areas in which we made significant progress. I'll discuss a few. In Ag Services, we expanded our former services offering with an investment in AgriGold, a leader in on-farm analytical and forecasting tools. We announced the expansion of our port at Puerto General San Martin in Argentina, enhancing our export capability from the region. And our port services JV acquired a Brazilian port and shipping agency. In Corn, we are on track to close the Eaststarch acquisition in the second half of the year. We contributed our liquids feed business into a joint venture to achieve greater scale without additional capital intensity. And in May, we announced an agreement to acquire a small sweetener manufacturer in Central China, but unfortunately that transaction failed through. In Oilseeds, we closed the sale of a 50% stake in our Barcarena Port to Glencore. We closed the sale of our global chocolate business to Cargill, and we remain on track to close the global cocoa sale to Olam by the end of the year. And in WFSI, we acquired a Tree Nut & Seed Processing Facility in California, adding processing to support strong sales growth. We remain on track to deliver synergy and accretion targets, and we continue to advance our construction projects in Brazil, China, Germany, India and the U.S. And with respect to our operational excellence initiatives, I've talked about our objective of delivering $550 million of run rate savings by the end of year five. By the end of the second quarter, we have realized already about $125 million of these run rate savings. We'll update you on our scorecard each quarter, and over time, you should expect to see the results of these actions in improved earnings and returns. So before we take your questions, I wanted to offer some additional perspective as we look forward. We continue to feel good about 2015. Large U.S. harvest should help drive utilization of our storage and transportation assets in the U.S. The large global corn corps, the tight North American sweetener balance sheet and continued global sweetener demand should support margins and volumes in our sweeteners and starches business. As I mentioned earlier, in ethanol in the near-term and medium-term, we expect demand, both domestic and export to remain very strong. Production levels should also be robust and industry margin should evolve based on the supply-demand balance as we move through the year. We're intensifying our work on the cost position of our dry mills. Over the medium-term, ethanol remains the cheapest octane enhancer in the world and we're growing to work domestic and international demand. Good global demand for meals should continue to support capacity utilization at our global soybean processing assets. And the WFSI team is well on track toward their costs and revenue synergy targets for 2015. We continue to see great collaboration across all of ADM's business units as we partner to serve a growing customer base. Overall, we continue to advance our clear and aggressive strategic plan. We'll continue to see contributions from that effort throughout the year and will remain focused on growing EVA. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Farha.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could you just walk us around the globe for global crush margins, one? Clearly, soy crush margins are very, very strong. How will ADM position itself for that and can that be adequate to offset the weakness in softseed margins?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, margins in North America continued to be very, very good; very strong domestic demand. And if you remember, we announced earlier in the year that there are two facilities in the U.S., where we have added switch capacity to soybean. So, that's helping us to offset a little bit the weakness that we expect in softseeds. South American margins continued to be solid. European margins were very solid in soybeans in second quarter. We took advantage again of our swing capacity and we maxed the soybean crushing capacity in Europe. We've seen now a little bit more softness as more South American soybean mill is arriving. And in China, we saw some recovery of that. It's not where it used to be at the beginning of the year, but it's much better than last year. So, overall, we see a strong continued demand and we foresee good crushing margins for the rest of the year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And are you concerned about Argentine capacity coming back online this year or early part of next year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Listen, I think that at one point in time we'll have to deal with that; it's predicated in many factors at this point what the farmer will do in Argentina. There are upcoming elections and all that. But we are fairly bullish given the domestic demand in the U.S. and the global demand that continues to grow for soybean mill.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful, thank you. And just one follow up. On Ag Services, in your prepared remarks you'd highlighted that you expect a strong performance in the second half from that business due to a good U.S. crop. Could you just share with us kind of what you've seen so far from the farmers as they've prepared for harvest, and kind of what you think your elevator utilizations are going to be and how that's going to affect earnings going forward?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So obviously, Ag Services' first half was softer than what normally is the second half. We saw it last year. It doesn't surprise us that much. If you look at the performance year-to-date for Ag Services, it's in line with the first quarter last year. So as last year, as the U.S. comes into the harvest and it becomes more competitive in export, we plan to move a very strong harvest through all our facilities. So we expect a very strong second half. We expect the U.S. to become more competitive in export; we haven't been so far. But we expect that that demand to come to our elevators very fast and being able to increase elevation margins towards the end of the year. So, at this point, we are very bullish second half for Ag Services earnings.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Adam.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Maybe the first question in ethanol, and Juan, I heard you express some confidence that the margin outlook would improve from here, and I guess I'm trying to reconcile. The supply/demand with exports where they are seems reasonably balanced, although it's not clear stocks are actually going to draw as you move into the second half. But with the sharp decline in oil prices, how do you see  do you become incrementally concerned about the pricing of ethanol relative to gasoline, both domestically and overseas just keeping that margin kind of contained over the near term to medium term?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Listen, we have to separate the analysis in certain businesses. From a demand perspective, we continue to feel very good about ethanol. As I said before, domestic demand with low gasoline prices got increased 3% and that pattern should continue with the normal seasonality between summer and winter in the U.S. Export demand continues to be very solid in those countries that are already customers and we have many, many new countries trying to become new customers, and our team are out there trying to develop those markets. So, the issue always become the  in this relatively new industry, what's happened with the supply. And the supply has been strong so far during this year because we have a really mild start of the summer from a temperature perceptive. We expect that  right now, we've seen that even in June in July. Over the last three weeks, inventory has been flat or slightly declining for the last two weeks or three weeks. So, the industry can produce at that 15 billion gallon but not more than for a very few weeks. And then, I would say, it's relatively balanced what do we see right now in ethanol. And even at this oil prices, we are making money in our  in all our mills. And if you think about the oxygenate values, MTBE continues to be at about $2.85 versus ethanol of about $1.50 or $1.60 and the other alkylates at about $2.50. So we continue to be the most competitive octane enhancer out there. And so without even thinking about E15 growing in the background. So I think overall  I cannot call it through the months or through the quarter because, as I said, this is a relatively volatile industry as we grow into our capacity. But I think, medium term, we're pretty optimistic about the balance turning to the favor of ethanol.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. that's very helpful. And then on  you expressed confidence in Ag Services in the second half principally in the U.S. Do you a) Was there a loss on the Global Trading Desk late in the quarter that provides some good cushion to the third quarter, and if so, can you quantify it? And second, how do you think about the mix, the breakdown of that Ag Services second half between the export volumes against a very competitive in South American crop versus domestic merchandising and origination, domestic transportation and the offshore business?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's a complex question, Adam. Let me see if I can split it a little bit. So, the first part was  Global Trade Desk, yes, the loss on the Global Trade Desk, yeah. As you know, June 30 report created a big volatility and basically brought prices up. So, when we mark-to-market that I think the loss was around $25 million, Adam. So maybe not that significant and the prices corrected like by July 2 or July 3, they go back to. So part of that has already come back in those positions. Regarding second half, I think, maybe the export season will start a little bit later this year for the U.S. as South America continued to extend their window a little bit. But we believe that the demand will come to the U.S. and will come all of a sudden, altogether, so that will bode well for elevation margins. We think that our transportation business also will be very strong. We need to move a very large crop. I think that we're going to see the comeback of the normal carries that we see in the U.S. So we believe that a very strong crop and a very big carryout bodes very well for our footprint in North America. So, I think it's going to be heavy fourth quarter loaded, and I cannot call it, Adam, whether it's all exactly fourth quarter or slip a little bit into Q1, but we are prepared to manage a very large crop.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then a point of clarification there on the carries. Is that corn or corn and wheat or both?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we're seeing both at this point in time.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's very helpful. I'll pass it along. Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Adam.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Your line is open.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning, Juan. This is Cornell Burnette on with a few for David Driscoll.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Cornell.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right. All right. Just wanted to give a few on ethanol. Just wanted to see what was your take on where export rents would be at the end of 2015. It appears to us that the number could be something greater than 1 billion gallons. And so putting that together with the fact that you're seeing somewhat of an oversupply currently in the ethanol market, just was wondering kind of what prevents margins from continuing to be soft if that is indeed the case?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We expect this balance to be like $1.8 billion. I think I said it before when I answered to Adam in the ethanol. It's difficult to call it in the short term. In the short term, there are risks to our forecast. Certainly, Brazilian ethanol could be coming into the U.S., but we continue to see market being developed outside the U.S. and the U.S. domestic market being robust. Consider these and I think we said it before, Cornell, there are out there at least 6 billion gallons of MTBE capacity that we're working very hard to replace and this product, again, ethanol is the most sustainable and the lowest cost octane enhancer. So I like to be in a positioned in a product that is very sustainable and lower cost and their alternatives. So there is a big market out there. And here we're going to go through ups and downs through all these regulations. Again, I said it before, it's relatively new industry, an industry that has started in 2007. You need to go through phases of consolidation. We're going to have credit capacity, some producers will become better producer, more cost efficient that will push some of the marginal producers into more troubled water. That will to a certain degree modify the industry. So we're watching this industry development. But at this point in time, we continue to be very excited about the potential we find in our own plants to improve our competitive advantage, and the potential for this market to grow in front of us.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just a follow-up, I mean, over the remainder of 2015, we're looking at, on the futures market, petroleum price is under $50 a barrel and there is some concern that there might be some oversupply into the market. When you talk about kind of the ethanol profitability perhaps strengthening going forward from what you saw in the second quarter, was that predicated on us seeing some type of rebound in petroleum and that kind of what levels of petroleum do you think you can get there?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. At this point in time, I'd refrain from forecasting oil for obvious reasons. But I would say, in the current environment, when I make this comment, adding the framework of the current oil prices and the current corn prices, if you will. So I'm not forecasting that they're going to go anywhere.
Cornell R. Burnette - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, very good. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Cornell.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, Juan and Ray. Just in general, it looks like the first half came in below internal expectations for the year. And judging from what you're saying that the mark-to-market trading benefit would only be $25 million in third quarter, it just looks like the year as a whole is going to be below what your internal expectations might have been. And I just kind of want to get a sense of that from you. Is there still a chance that you can hit your internal targets for the year as you set them?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Let me walk you through the different businesses, Rob. Oilseeds is way ahead of last year, and we continue to see upside in Oilseeds, granted we come in against the strong comps that we had in Q3 and Q4 last year, but Oilseeds is coming very strong on very strong demand. So that's ahead of last year and that should continue to be over the year. Ag Services, as I told you, is on line for the first half. And last year, we had a second half that allowed us to deliver in the range of $850 million to $900 million. And we see, this year, again the possibility to be in that range, if we can repeat the second quarter, the second half. And with these kind of crops, we have the potential to do so. So I will say those businesses are on par or ahead of last year. WFSI is having very good performance, will hit within the range. And so that an addition of last year. And then we have in sweeteners and starches that are going very, very strongly, and it needs to offset the weakness in ethanol. I think ethanol obviously started the year very soft in Q1, it improved in Q2, it has improved a little bit over the last three weeks. So I think the issue is we have one business that we think it will deliver, which is Ag Services. We have two businesses, WFSI and Oilseeds, that will probably outperform, and that needs to offset a little bit the softness in ethanol. So all in all, at this point, we still feel good about 2015.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Also, from a returns perspective, Rob, we feel good about our ROIC focus, and we continue to be running our plants pretty aggressively and managing invested capital. We're buying back shares, also to reduce invested capital. So we feel good in terms of our progress towards ROIC as well.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Don't forget, Rob, that when we divest cocoa and chocolate, when you consider we are 9% ROIC today, we are divesting basically $1.2 billion of invested capital that, for us, represent very, very low returns. So our implicit return, when all that is gone, is going to get a boost.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): No, I totally agree, no doubt. I just think that your stock, whether justified or not, is going to hinge on forward projections for EPS and it just looks like the ethanol business, it would require a pretty heroic recovery to improve off of the first half. So I just think that that's what's holding back your stock.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah...
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And let me ask a follow-up. On share repurchase, Ray, did you say that you're shooting more towards the $2 billion now, in that range of share repurchase guidance? Is that what you said?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I mean, given the pace that you've seen in the first half of the year, we've been fairly aggressive, especially when our stock pulled back. So I have to say that we're probably on the higher end of the range there, for sure.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And our balance sheet remains strong. So we've got a lot of capacity to buy back shares.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Certainly. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Just wanted to dig a little bit deeper into the Wild Flavors/Specialty Ingredients segment and maybe you could talk about the cadence of earnings for the back half and what type of growth rate we might be looking for from an EBIT standpoint or a revenue standpoint as we look ahead maybe to some of the outer years?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Well, sure. So there is some seasonality in this business, as you know, because there is a lot of juices and there is a lot of product that are sold in the summer. So the second quarter is a slightly higher from a seasonal perspective than Q3, if you will. Margins continue to be very strong in the high-teens EBITDA margins for this business. The ingredients growth that we continue to see are in the range of 3% to 5%, and when you take natural products, natural flavors products are more in the 5% to 6% range. We feel very excited about the reaction that our customers have had to our product mix into these segments, and we've been expanding the customer base to make our business even much more robust. Just to give you some example, the number of customers driving 80% of sales have increased by 47%, which show the robustness of our pipeline going forward. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the pipeline of new wins or projects that compose our revenue synergy portfolio have had a quantum leap of 75% from Q1 to Q2. So all the prospects, all the products are on trends. Those trends are strong and customers are reacting very well to innovating with us. So we feel very good about it.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. So I mean, I guess just as a follow-up, I mean do you have any quantification? And I understand the seasonality part, but in terms of like do you have a revenue target or, in terms of next year, what could that $0.10 to $0.15 maybe turn into from an accretion standpoint? Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. To be honest, Michael, this is such a new business for us and this is a combination for us of nine different businesses that we grouped together. So we don't have a strong comp, so we don't have a lot of history to  and since a lot of this growth are the product of combination of new synergies, of new solutions for customer, it is difficult to put a target. We know we are ahead of schedule in terms of synergies and we know we're going to deliver the accretion next year; we just haven't developed the robustness of comps going forward since this is a new business for us.
Mark Schweitzer - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Operator, do we have more questions or...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Ann.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. My question is more kind of big picture. There was some press releases over the weekend that the Chinese government is considering changing its corn pricing policy and that if it did do so, the world might be awash in Chinese corn. Just curious if you've heard anything about that and what could that do to your business if they did indeed change their pricing policy?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. There are two things, Ann, that everybody says bring excitement to our lives in the grain business; one is weather, the other is government intervention. So we are very used to follow that, to track that. It always presents opportunity for discontinuity. Obviously, we hear the rumors that China is finding more difficult to sustain these subsidies to the farmers, but we don't know at this point in time. And I'd rarely bet against the Chinese government; they seem to be very prudent and very strategic about their moves. So we're just paying attention. Obviously, a release of inventories or a drop in price could mean a decline in prices for corn. That would probably bode well for our business.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, I appreciate that. And not to beat a dead horse on the ethanol side, but you were very clear at the end of Q1 that you're running the ethanol business for profits, not for volumes. The tone of your comment seems to have changed a little bit. Am I reading too much into that or are you just running for volume now, not returns?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We don't make a statement for the full quarter, so we don't commit to the position. It's very much tactical based on what we see in the supply and demands and what we see in the unplanned capacities and the weather and all that. So the team remains very flexible. I guess what we wanted to say is we're trying to maximize earnings into our business. It depends, during the quarter we may move from one position to the other. So I wouldn't make a statement for the full quarter at this point.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll get back in line and take my questions offline. Thanks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Ann.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Ken.
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning, Ken.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I had just two questions. One is on the Ag Services, what are the keys that we have to be looking for, for you to have the recovery? Is it the basis, is it the farmer moving and what are the concerns that are associated with when the farmer is going to be selling and how do you think about it? And then my second question is, can you give us an update on the cost savings programs? Are you finding more  is it coming in as expected and just give us an update on that as well? Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So one key thing in Ag Services is the rate of exports and how competitive the U.S. is. Obviously, the U.S. have shown some competitiveness out of the PNW this year, but still the Gulf continues to be second or third in terms of bids versus other origin. So that will be probably the key aspect that will drive our earnings in the second half. But every year, the Ag Services business find different ways to make money. Sometimes it's through better usage of our footprint, sometimes different carriers, sometimes it's through export. So we will adjust; a large crop gives us a lot of opportunities. The second point was?
Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Cost savings.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the cost savings program, yeah. We are, at this point in time, a $125 million run rate of that promise of $500 million in five years. I will say, Ken, that we have probably identified enough opportunities that we know already that we can implement, that are close to $380 million to $400 million of those $500 million. And since we are one year into this five-year program, we feel that we are ahead of schedule. So we continue to find  you heard me saying about our intensifying focus on dry mills. The wet mills are larger and older. So rightfully so, when we started this program, we focused a little bit more energy there because we felt the opportunity was bigger. Now, when we look at the difference we have in cost between the wet mills and the dry mills, we feel that there are opportunities there, whether it's enzymes or yields or things like that. So we continue to find ADM is a large company, and as much as we cut cost, we continue to find new technologies that bring us new promises.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Returning to ethanol, you highlighted E15 as a positive driver, and I know the near-term is hard to forecast. But I think flex-fuel vehicles currently about 6% to 7% of the total vehicle fleet. I was wondering where you see this going over the long term and how quickly do you see us getting there?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. When we started with E15, we said that we were expecting the implementation to take about five years. And I think, at the end of the day, we would like to thank Secretary Vilsack for making available some funds to invest in infrastructure. The industry has coalesced around that and is gathering money and is putting together projects to be able to participate in this program. And at the end of day, there's going to become a tipping point, and I don't know exactly when to call it, but we think that by 2017, 2018, this will become a more meaningful part of our fuel supply, and we feel very good what that will do to supply-demand balances for the ethanol industry.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, thank you. And then just to shift to biodiesel, could you tell us how you're thinking about the near-term to medium-term outlook? And do you see further opportunities to reduce your dependency on biofuels in Europe, or have you already done what you needed to do on that front?
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I will say, first of all, in the medium term, situation is tough for biodiesel. In the absences of a more clear RFS, biodiesel will struggle, no doubt. I will say in our strategic intent to reduce the dependency on biodiesel, we are just getting started. You heard us about AOR, which is an acquisition we did in Belgium on a bottle oil producer. So there are three elements to our program. One is to crush more soy in Europe that produces less oil. The second is to grow our share in food industry, which AOR is one of those elements. And the third one is to increase the use of oil into industrial uses, and that's growing as well. But I will say you're not going to feel an impact until probably 2016 from our perspective.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. That's helpful. Thank you.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Juan Ricardo Luciano - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Stephanie. So thank you joining us today. Slide 15 notes our upcoming investor events. As always, please feel free to follow-up with Mark if you have any other questions. And have a good day, and thanks for the time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Schweitzer - VP-IR Juan Luciano - President & CEO Ray Young - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Ann Duignan - JPMorgan David Driscoll - Citi Paul Massoud - Stifel Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mark Schweitzer, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Schweitzer, you may begin.
Mark Schweitzer: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings conference call. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's call will be available at ADM.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. And you should carefully review these assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's call, our Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then Juan will review the drivers of our performance in the quarter and provide an update on our scorecard. And then they will take your questions. Please turn to slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us today. This morning we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.77. That's 40% higher than the year ago period. Our adjusted segment operating profit was $883 million. Adjusted ROIC of 9.5% was 290 basis points above our cost of capital. In the first quarter, the ADM team demonstrated their ability to leverage the strength of our diversified business model. The Oilseeds team capitalized on favorable market conditions and delivered outstanding results with strong performances in each region. In Ag Services, our recently created global trade desk or GTD platform, drove higher merchandise volumes. Our new WILD flavors and Specialty Ingredients business was off to a great start toward achieving the cost in revenue synergies we identified last year. Together, this performance has helped deliver a good quarter overall, even as slower industry ethanol margins limited earnings in corn and the strong dollar limited U.S. grain exports. We have continued to advance the strategic plan we shared at our December Investor Day. In the area of optimizing the core, we announced the acquisition of a Belgian oil bottling business, helping us reach a wider customer base and creating a new output for our European crushing assets. And the WFSI team has been working with customers as they developed and launched new products using SCI, WILD and ADM ingredients. We have more than 200 joint customer engagements building a pipeline of more than 400 projects, resulting already in more than 30 revenue synergy wins across a number of regions and businesses unit in Q1 alone. In the area of driving operational efficiencies, we have already identified more than $200 million in run rate savings opportunities toward our goal of $550 million in five years. And in the area of strategic expansion, the Corn Processing business expanded in high-growth geographies with the acquisition of the remaining stake of corn wet mills in Bulgaria and Turkey and an increased stake in a facility in Hungary. I will provide more detail on our scorecard progress later in the call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray Young: Thanks, Juan and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.77, up 40% from the $0.55 last year. Excluding specified items and also spoon net timing effects, adjusted statement operating profit was $883 million, up $94 million. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 29% compared to 27% in the first quarter of the prior year. For calendar year 2015, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the 28% to 30% range. Our trailing four-quarter-average adjusted ROIC of 9.5% improved from the 9.0% at the end of the fourth quarter and also significantly improved by 250 basis points from the 7.0% at the end of the first quarter last year. The 9.5% adjusted ROIC is above our 6.6% annual WACC for 2015 as well as our long-term WAC of 8.0% as reflected in the graph on slide 19 in the Appendix. Our objective remains to earn 200 basis points overall WACC. In the first quarter, our trailing four-quarter-average economic value added or EVA was $742 million, based upon adjusted earnings in the annual WACC, up $581 million from 2014. On chart 18 in the Appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.77 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.77 per share. For this quarter, LIFO represented a $2 million pretax credit or less than $0.01 after-tax. There are no other adjustments for the quarter. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary in the components of our corporate line. Before Juan discusses the operating results, I would like to highlight some of the unique items that impacted our quarterly results. Corn Processing adjusted operating profit of $127 million excludes approximately $14 million hedged in the effectiveness charges, split relatively evenly amongst file products in sweeteners and starches. In oilseeds, adjusted operating profit of $483 million excludes approximately $14 million of cocoa hedged timing effects in this quarter. As a reminder, we will also continue to have our cocoa and chocolate businesses as part of our segment reporting results in oilseeds until we have closed on the sales sometime later in 2015. They are not treated as discontinued operations in our financial statements due to the lack of materiality of the operations to our overall results. Our new fourth business segment, WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients or WFSI for short, is reported as its own segment for the first time this quarter. The segment includes the two businesses we acquired in 2014, WILD Flavors and Specialty Commodities Inc. or SCI as well as certain specialty ingredients businesses that were previously reported in ADM's three other segments. For purposes of comparison to prior results, the year ago quarter's segment operating profit for Ag Services, Corn and Oilseeds remove the earnings of the businesses now reported in the WFSI segment. To assist with your analysis, we conclude a chart in the Appendix that recasts 2014 segment quarterly results in the new segments. In the corporate lines, net interest expense was down due to lower interest rates and allocated corporate costs were higher, due to increased GAAP pension expenses relating to changes in discount rates and mortality tables and increased investments in our ERP program, as well as very strategic projects and M&A and divestment activities. In addition, I want to point out that a strong U.S. dollar and weakness in other currencies such as the euro and the Brazilian real do not have a material impact on ADM's overall first quarter net earnings. On one hand, the strong U.S. dollar did have some negative impact on the competitiveness of our U.S. export programs and our WFSI segment also had some negative impacts in terms of export competitiveness and earnings translation from Europe. On the other hand, the weaker euro and real had a positive impact on our fixed costs around the world, relative to revenue streams we're receiving. Also, the weaker real motivated Brazilian farmers to sell, thereby benefiting our origination business in Brazil. So, on balance with the puts and takes, the net impact was not material. Going forward, we do not expect the currency impact to have a material impact on our overall results for the rest of the year. I would also like to comment on our GAAP net revenue number that can be found in the Appendix. GAAP net revenues for the quarter were $17.5 billion, down from last year's $20.7 billion. This significant reduction was driven by large declines in commodity prices that impact our revenues. But this decline also impacts our cost of goods sold as our input costs are lower. So the key for us is management spread between the revenues and cost of goods sold which is a core competency of our teams. This dynamic makes operating profit much more relevant when analyzing ADM. I also want to highlight that the GAAP statements in the prior year do not include the revenues and the cost of WILD and SCI which transaction closed in the fourth quarter of last year. Turning to cash flow statement on slide 6 which shows the cash flows for the three months ending March 31, 2015 compared to the same period the prior year, we generated $577 million from operations before working capital changes in the quarter, significantly higher than Q1 last year. Total capital spending for the quarter was $244 million, up from the prior year. For 2015, we're estimating capital spending in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. This range is higher than our $0.9 billion spending in 2014 which you may recall we reduced after the WILD acquisition to assess capital spend avoidance opportunities. As a result, some 2014 spending shifted into 2015. We also have some additional spending for our ERP program and cost reduction projects as well as our ramp-up of our specialty protein projects spending in Brazil, our Fibersol projects in China and the U.S., our lecithin projects in Germany and India. During the quarter, we spent $566 million to repurchase about 12 million shares towards our 2015 target of $1.5 billion to $2 billion of share repurchases subject to strategic capital requirements. Our average share count was 639 million diluted shares outstanding, down approximately 24 million from the 663 million at the same time one year ago. Our total return capital to shareholders for the quarter, including dividends, was over $700 million. Our first quarter cash flows are consistent with our 2015 calendar year targets of capital allocations, namely CapEx of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, approximately $700 million of dividends and $1.5 billion to $2 billion in share repurchases. And all this is consistent with the balanced capital allocation framework we set forth at our December Investor Day. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of March 31 for both 2015 and 2014 which remains very strong. Our operating working capital of $8.1 billion was down $3.4 billion from the year ago period. This decrease was comprised of about $1.6 billion related to lower inventory prices including the translation impacts, about $1.4 billion related to lower inventory quantities and a decrease of about $0.4 billion in other working capital, primarily related to the reclassification of working capital for our global cocoa and chocolate businesses under the held for sale accounting. Total debt was about $6.4 billion, resulting in net debt balance that is debt less cash of $5.1 billion up from the 2014 net debt level of $4.1 billion, in part reflecting the fourth-quarter cash flows related to our acquisitions of WILD and SCI. Our shareholders' equity of $18.8 billion is $1.3 billion lower than the level last year, with the cumulative translation account impact of about $1.6 billion lower due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. We had $5.7 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of December. If you had available cash, we had access to $7 billion of short-term liquidity. Next, Juan will take us through a review of our business performance. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thanks, Ray. Please turn to slide 8. In the first quarter, we earned $883 million of operating profits excluding the specified items. This 12% year-over-year increase in underlying segment operating profit demonstrates the strength of our diversified business model and the team's ability to leverage that model. In the first quarter, the team capitalized on great opportunities when they continued to advance our strategic plan. Sequentially of course, the quarter follows a very strong fourth quarter and with normal seasonality, underlying segment operating profits decreased. Now I will review the performance of each segment. Starting on slide 9, in the first quarter, Ag Services results improved 37% over the last year. Merchandising and handling saw limited U.S. export competitiveness more than offset by continued improvement in international merchandising where we saw the benefit of our GTD with merchandise volumes increasing. In Transportation, we saw an increasing demand for northbound U.S. bar trade which mostly offset the decrease in southbound demand. Milling and other results improved, due to our strong margins for flour, grain and feed. Please turn to slide 10. Corn Processing results declined in the quarter. In sweeteners and starches, our underlying North American business is doing well with higher margins and volumes in Q1. This was offset by lower contributions from core products, reduced equity earnings from joint ventures and the start-up costs related to the TNG sweetener facility. And in Bioproducts, earnings were lower due to lower ethanol production volumes and weaker industry margins. Supply and demand imbalances challenged industry ethanol margins most of the quarter though conditions and margins have been improving since late March. Let me explain our corn results a bit further. We said before that we make decisions that will achieve the best overall results for ADM. This quarter, with low industry margins, we made a decision to run our ethanol operations for margins rather than volumes. That helped our earnings in Bioproducts. It also had the effect of reducing our production of core products which limited our earnings in sweeteners and starches. Bottom line, the impact to our overall core business was positive. Slide 11 please. The Oilseeds team delivered an outstanding quarter. Crushing and origination had great performances in each region. In North America, the team demonstrated the value of our strong footprint and our expected destination supply chain. Eight to 10 months ago, they determined Q1 will see an extended North American export window. They got maintenance out of the way and positioned soybean supplier so when the margins arrived, they were able to run hard until the seasonal shift to South America came. In Europe, the team demonstrated the value of the swing capacity of our crush plants; when soybean crush margins were more than double canola crush margins, we would run the plants hard and crush a lot of beans. And in South America, the team prepared our network for a large, fast harvest and when the strong dollar drove Brazilian farmers to sell their beans, we were ready to handle the growth of strong margins. In refining, packaging, biodiesel and other, lower biodiesel margins in North America and weaker European demand limited results. South American biodiesel results improved with these seven implementation. And in North America, our Stratus bottle oil joint venture generated strong results with good volumes. Results from Asia rose primarily on well mark improved performance. Slide 12 please. In their first reporting quarter, the WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients business unit delivered a great start. As I mentioned earlier, the team has been working with a wide range of customers as they develop products using ingredients from all of ADM's business units. Globally, the Flavors business is off to a strong start for the year. On a constant currency basis, while EMEA business performed particularly well, this is a quarter in which demand is seasonally slower and results were limited by Forex headwinds. We also had mark-to-market losses on currency hedges for future capital purchases for the specialty protein plants in Brazil. The project itself is benefiting from the weakened real versus the dollar. This is an exciting business with an energetic team and they are off to an absolutely great start. Now on slide 13, I would like to update you on how we're strengthening and growing our company. This is the scorecard we presented at the invested in December. It lists the actions we're taking to help grow our business, our earnings and our returns. We highlighted some of the areas in which we made significant progress in the quarter; I'll discuss a few. In Ag Services, we launched ARTCO Stevedoring, adding a wide range of services to our ARTCO barge operation. With ADM's logistical expertise and global reach, we provide customers along the lower Mississippi a range of services that nobody else offers. As I mentioned, we saw the benefit of our GTD platform that we developed following the top four acquisitions. And today, we're announcing that we have agreed to acquire full ownership of our joint venture complexes at Konstantin Romania, a Black Sea port at the mouth of the Danube. This acquisition builds on the investments we have made in our Danube River network since 2011 and further strengthens our origination and transportation capabilities in Eastern Europe. In Corn, we sold our lactic acid business, exiting a business for which we didn't see a path to acceptable returns in a reasonable time frame. And we acquired the remainder of the Bulgarian and Turkish wet mills and expanded our stake in the Hungary plant, positioning ourselves wells for when EU sugar production quotas are lifted. We continued construction of our feed premix plant in Nanjing and this morning we're announcing plans to build a fourth feed plant in China in Zhangzhou, as well as one in Minnesota. In Oilseeds, we're working with Cardell and Olin on the divestitures of our chocolate and cocoa businesses. We're targeting closing both in Q3, subject to final approvals and completion of transitional activities. We agreed to acquire an oil bottling business in Belgium. This acquisition will provide another demand stream for our Oilseeds Processing operations, reducing our reliance on biodiesel and growing our packaged oil business. And as we mentioned on the last call, we're creating a joint venture to quadruple the size of our port in northern Brazil, improving our ability to export from this increasingly productive region. In WFSI, relating to the WILD acquisition, we remain on track to deliver 100 million in synergies over the next three years. And we're on track for $0.10 to $0.15 accretion in 2015, although this will likely be in the lower end of the range due to the strong dollar. And we continue to advance our construction project in Brazil, China, Germany, India and the U.S. and in the area of driving operational efficiencies, as I mentioned, we have identified more than $200 million in run rate savings toward our goal of $550 million in five years. As part of this effort, we launched a global improvement initiative involving colleagues across all regions and businesses, evaluating every aspect of our business for improvement opportunities. In the first quarter, we implemented projects that will achieve about $60 million in annual run rate savings. We will update you on our scorecard each quarter and over time, you should expect to see the results of these actions in improved earnings and returns. So before we take your questions, I wanted to offer some additional perspective as we look forward. We continue to be excited about 2015. We came into the year with a lot of positive momentum which we expect to continue through the year. With early plans in progress and long-term weather forecasts, suggest a good likelihood for excellent U.S. growth. A large harvest combined with big carryout's of corn, soybeans and wheat, could give us opportunities for very good carriers at the end of the year. Those, combined with expected solid global demand, point to very high utilization of our storage, transportation and processing assets in North America and Europe later this year. U.S. gasoline consumption continues to improve. That will translate into stronger domestic demand for ethanol. These, combined with strong exports, will keep our assets running hard, especially as we move through the summer driving season. Demand for sweeteners and flavors will benefit from the seasonal pickup in Northern Hemisphere beverage consumption. The WFSI team is off to a great start. They will continue to deliver synergies and we're confident they will meet the 2015 accretion goals. We're also excited by our customer engagements. Every business unit has been working with existing customers, as well as new customers who are collaborating across the organization more than ever before, working on new types of projects, delivering wins, improving margins. And the team will continue to deliver our clear and aggressive strategic plan. The plan that is already contributing to our bottom line, a plan that returned 9.5% this quarter, a plan that will continue to grow our EVA. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Evan Morris with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Evan Morris: Just a first question on ethanol -- just, you talked about the margin outlook improving since late March. A lot of the work that we do on it and conversations that we've had suggest that the industry is running it -- operating profit per gallon in sort of that mid-20s right now and just wanted to get a sense as to what you are seeing. Is that consistent with where ADM is running now? And just based on information that you have in your outlook, where do you see margins tracking and sort of maybe for the full year on average for exiting the year, just a little bit more context about where you are now and where you see it going over the next quarter or two.
Juan Luciano: We're constructive on ethanol margins. You think about it, April has been a relatively big month for shutdowns as people saw some of the margins were relatively low in March. Some people anticipated some of the seasonal shutdowns. So we see margins improving since the late part of March. We see this with optimism; we see a demand in the U.S. growing, due to lower gasoline prices about 2% to 3% per year. That would put the industry around 138 billion, 140 billion gallons of gasoline, that and the increased exports. We exported very well in Q1. If you look at the January and February export estimate, they are annualized around 1 billion gallons because we exported in those two months, 152 million gallons. If you take the last week of April, that export annualized was around also in the billion range. So we see exports for the year between 800 million and maybe a little bit north of that for the year. Plus maybe 13.8 billion to 14 billion gallons of domestic gasoline demand. We see very high-capacity utilization so we face this season with a lot of optimism in regards to ethanol.
Evan Morris: Are you -- is what you are seeing with ethanol margins -- in the industry right now, it seems to be around that mid-20s. Is that -- is $0.20 per gallon on an operating profit basis, is that pretty consistent with what you're seeing right now within ADM?
Juan Luciano: It's in the ballpark. It's moving, but it's in the ballpark, yes.
Evan Morris: Okay. And then second, you kind of touched on it a little bit but just I wonder if you can put just a little more context around -- you had the record crop in North America last year. South America looks strong. Early commentary in the North American planting suggests another big crop. So, I know there's a lot of things that can change the industry dynamics pretty quickly, but you talked about the positive outlook in the fourth quarter, given some of these dynamics -- through the fourth quarter given some of these dynamics, but can you -- some context on -- as you sit here today and you take a look at how the rest of the year shapes up, can you give us some context as to do you anticipate this is going to be a much bigger year than last year? I know things are headed in the right direction, but if you can put some context about sort of the magnitude and how strong this year could be?
Juan Luciano: Yes, obviously we started the year strong with Ag Services delivering 37% more profit than the same quarter last year. And as we see the good planting as you describe and plentiful of crops and the stocks around the world, we see a good transition to the next crop with plentiful of inventories that will provide carriers opportunity and there is a lot of business to do ahead of us, so the Oilseed -- the Ag Services team, the Grain team is preparing for all that. It's preparing our assets, it's preparing commercially to do this. And we expect the second half to be very strong for them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe first on Oilseeds which was truly a tremendous quarter, can we talk through the forward outlook there? As we wind down the North American crush, how much of that can shift to South America? Presumably, it's a bit of a one-time exceptional beat, but thoughts about how sustainable the oilseed outlook is as you move through the balance of the year, considering where soft seed margins are in Europe and your South American exposures?
Juan Luciano: I would say, Adam, the Oilseed teams that you described have an outstanding performance but not everything was hitting on eight cylinders. As you described, oilseed was kind of not very profitable and biodiesel has some headwinds as well. So, most of the profits were concentrated in soybean that has very high-capacity utilization around the world. As you describe the shift starts from North America to South America, so South American crushing margins still are good and we crush a lot of soybeans in Europe, taking advantage of our swing capacity and we're going to see a little bit of softening of that as we see every year with the enormous seasonality of that. But the business is running very, very well, it implemented a lot of improvements and we're seeing those improvements coming through in the P&L. So overall in the year, we continue to feel very strongly about the year that Oilseeds is going to have.
Adam Samuelson: And within the -- specifically, you report your South American origination business in Oilseeds that you talked about a strong March as the real weakened. It's since appreciated through April. Has farmer selling continued in South America? Are you seeing that slow? And maybe the same comments on farmers selling in the U.S.
Juan Luciano: Yes, so slightly different situations. In the U.S., the farmer is concentrating in planting right now and rightfully so, so it has been little commercialization. In South America is the dynamic you describe and I think Ray explained in his commentary which is very much dependent on the real-dollar relationship and it's been very volatile this last couple of weeks, so it just changes us -- the farmers see an opportunity to sell, given the real. So I will say we will continue to be volatile at this point.
Adam Samuelson: If I can squeeze one more just on biodiesel, U.S. and Europe. Any thoughts or signs that could improve as you go through the balance of the year or expectations for that business moving forward?
Juan Luciano: Normally, as we get into the summer weather, we see a little bit more activity, obviously. Brazil was good with the D7 that helped our profitability a little bit there and in the U.S., a lot will depend on the expectations of June 1 and RVOs and all that, that announcement. So at this point in time, both businesses are challenged.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Could you dig a little bit deeper into your revenue synergies on the WILD Flavor side? You said 30 revenue synergy wins in the quarter. Just give us some examples of what those actually are.
Juan Luciano: Yes, it's difficult in this area to provide concrete examples, Ann, because obviously we respect confidentiality of our customers and all these are innovations for them to increase their revenue and differentiate themselves. But we're excited about it because we got two pipelines here going on. One is the pipeline that we inherited from WILD themselves, but it was very robust as they continue to grow earnings and revenue every year. And then, the synergy pipeline that we got by mixing basically the ingredients that ADM provided. Remember, we contributed $1.5 billion of revenue worth of ingredients into this new division. And then the product that SCI brings and also the product at WILD -- we had several conferences for innovation where we had customer teams working together with their customers and that's when we generated the pipeline that I described. Again, we measured it in terms of engagements and obviously we measure in terms of potential revenue and margin. This is the first quarter, obviously, of this business running, so the best -- the first order of business, obviously, is to make sure that we keep our customer momentum, so all the team is very much divided in two sets of people. The people that are working on the cost revenue -- the cost synergy and the people that are continuing to be engaged with customers. We're very happy with our engagement with the customers, our combined culturally if you will. The combination of SCI, WILD and ADM has been very, very good. People are working together seamlessly and I think customers have seen only benefits from this. So we wanted to report on that. Off to a great start, customers seeing the opportunities and we're seeing the opportunities to bring more of our products to our solution.
Ann Duignan: And then switching gears a little bit, could you comment on the rail car spenders? I know that your ethanol non-jacketed [indiscernible] probably don't need to be retrofitted until 2023, but does the slowdown on the speed or any of the other rules have any impact on your ethanol business in the near term?
Juan Luciano: Yes, obviously this is a recent proposal so we continue to study. At this point, although this did not conform exactly with our public position, we're pleased that we appear to have a little bit more of a longer timeline than maybe crude oil. But we're a little bit concerned about this reduction in speed because not only will speed -- just transportation of oil and ethanol, but will slow down the whole system. So hopefully, we're still going to have some discussions with the government about this area.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And when would you expect a decision to be made or an outcome from those discussions?
Juan Luciano: I really don't know and I will be venturing at this point. I don't know.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask about the oilseed crush margins again. Juan, right now we're seeing CBOT crush margins around $0.69 per bushel, that's down from like well over $1.00. Put into perspective just how good the Q1 margins were on crush and then what I'm really trying to get after is it feels like ADM should be down quite substantially in the second quarter on Oilseed Processing simply because moving from Northern Hemisphere to Southern Hemisphere and Q1 was just a remarkable result on the crush side. Can you give me your comments?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I would say the thing that you noted the strength of the crush margins in North America. And our team played very well. But I think what also happened is that normally during March, you see a transition already to South America. And I think in this case what we had is probably the full March that you see here in the North American result. So yes, there is a shift that we normally see and we're going to see a little bit of a slowdown in the earnings of oilseeds in the second quarter as we shift to South America. South America, both Paraguay and Brazil, we don't have crushing in Argentina, but Paraguay and Brazil continue to be a good crushing margin. And then we're going to have, we're going to pick up a little bit of the exports from the grain origination part that we'll report in oilseeds. So I would say yes, with the normal seasonality from Q1 to Q2, not a significant or spectacular decline, I would say.
David Driscoll: And then just to follow on that, Q4 last year and Q1 this year were terrific because of how tight the conditions are in oilseed crush. Is there any reason that would it reoccur in the fourth quarter of this year and first quarter of next year on just the basic presumption that the crops are good? So assuming the crops are good, the crush margin that we saw these last couple of quarters were terrific, but I would expect those to repeat. Is that a reasonable thought process?
Juan Luciano: Yes, David. I think that there is a tight capacity -- this industry continues to grow. And there hasn't been much capacity added, so you will continue to see those dynamics in which -- when we get to export a lot and we have very robust domestic demand, that presents very good crush margins. This is a global demand story. It continues to grow the protein consumption. And also, don't forget that as we were exporting a lot of DBGs to China that basically increased the domestic demand for soybean meal for us. So crushing went very, very well and we think that will continue over the year.
David Driscoll: On ethanol, can you discuss how much of your ethanol business has been hedged in the second quarter?
Juan Luciano: I normally tell you that we hedge. as a matter of principle something between 25% and 75%, depending on how we see the conditions. I would say that we're constructive in margins and margins have been recovering. So that probably indicates that, as you can understand, we're probably in the soft side of that, but I don't want to disclose that much our tactics going into Q2.
David Driscoll: Kind of same question, though, related to Q3 and Q4 on ethanol. Do you have much visibility on margins there or is it same story? It's only just improving now, so you would be on the lower side of normal hedge patterns.
Juan Luciano: I would say we like the prospects through the summer; we like the way exports are reacting. Ethanol continues to be, clearly by a big margin, the lowest octane enhancer around the world and that continues to bring export markets to the U.S. The U.S. is a reliable supplier. So we continue to be optimistic about that. We know that plants run a little bit softer during the summer and the driving season is upon us. So we have several months ahead of us with potentially good margins.
David Driscoll: And then one last question, in Ag Services, do you think that we will see better North American flow because farmers have been, I think, a little bit reluctant to sell some of their crop, particularly corn? Bottom line is, is there a good corn flow expected in the second quarter that would be a little bit larger than normal?
Juan Luciano: I don't know if in Q2, but we're optimistic about the second half. We believe that we have a lot of business ahead of us, both in South America and in North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Massoud with Stifel. Your line is open.
Paul Massoud: I was wondering if you would talk a little bit more about the ethanol exports. You had mentioned that FX gave you some trouble as far as the grain exports out of the U.S., but the number that you gave annualized was close to 1 billion gallons and before, you were talking about flat. Now it seems that you are implying a year-over-year increase. At some point do you start to see a strong U.S. dollar, weak oil pricing having any kind of an impact on U.S. exports of ethanol?
Juan Luciano: Well, I described it before, Paul, that ethanol continues to be, by a big margin, a big -- the cheapest oxygenator out there. If you think of ethanol in the range of $1.60 to $1.70, then next oxygenator is about $2.50. So there is still a big incentive out there. So we haven't seen, even with all the strength of the dollar, any reduction in our exports of ethanol. So at this point in time, we continue to look at 800 million gallons this year. I just was reflecting on the numbers that were posted on the January and February exports and that happens to be annualized to 1 billion. We continue to be somewhere in that range. Obviously we continue to look at new markets and there are several mandates around the world that are being implemented and there is more than 3 billion gallons of MTB that needs to be replaced. So we're optimistic about that and that, over the last two years, has been a very strong market for us and seem to continue to grow, Q2 exports, they are probably going to be larger than Q1.
Paul Massoud: Switching gears just a little bit over to WILD flavors and the 100 million in synergies that you're talking about. I believe you said in the past that you are expecting that over three years. I'm just wondering if maybe the FX headwinds might delay some of the material results to years two and three. Or do you still expect to see some accretion, in maybe year one?
Juan Luciano: Yes, we do expect accretion year one. The synergies -- normally in these cases, Paul, happen that you get the cost synergies upfront because that's when the integration happens. And then at the same time, you start working with customers in qualifying products and developing new products and then they go to shelf life, testing and all that. So the revenue synergies are more backend-loaded and the cost synergies are more front end-loaded in these projects. But at this point in time, we're probably running at or a little bit ahead of schedule in that sense.
Paul Massoud: And my last question is just on the Brazilian transport strike that we saw in the first quarter. It doesn't look like you had any material impacts in your numbers, but were there any effects and do you see anything lingering into the second quarter from that? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes, no. This time, the Brazilian strike happened almost a little bit ahead of the harvest, if you will. So it didn't have a material impact to us. We had a little bit of an attempt last week again, that brought a little bit of an issue in Mato Grosso, but nothing significant that we can report. So no impact, I will say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Just a question on Argentina, I think its Brazil as well. My understanding is that there is -- at the grain elevator, there's a thing called the point of delivery system, whereby originators such as yourself will test soybeans to see if they are biotech; and if they are, you collect a royalty fee that then is shared with the biotech seed manufacturer. I think there have been problems with this in Brazil in the past, but I've been reading that there are issues with it in Argentina. So could you just talk a bit about what those dynamics are? Is it a meaningful amount of earnings for you? And are you having any discussions with the Argentine government about this or just sort of what the state of play is?
Juan Luciano: Yes, no, Vince, I'm aware of the issue. This is just a matter of putting the grain industry in a position to have to collect royalties if you will or licenses. So it doesn't have a margin impact on us, but yes, it's a little bit of a domestic dispute and since there are other companies on the other side involved in this, I would rather don't comment and let the guys solve it themselves in Argentina.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam: Juan, could you share with us your global trade desk? How you're merchandising volume differently and how it actually did help you increase volumes and is that volume increase sustainable?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think as you recall, and we were, as a team, unhappy with the performance we were having with Top Four and we needed to fix that. That was not only providing low recurrence, but a lot of volatility to our earnings to where we were running it. Part of that was created by inefficiencies between interface between Top Four and ADM. Part of that, it was because of a blow to the structure, if you will, that was increasing our fixed costs. So when we bought the 20% of Top Four, we brought both companies together and we moved some of the people to roles to Geneva and that allowed us to, first of all, have a more coordinated view of the market between the origination and the destination that Top Four provided. We had better utilization of our infrastructure, our logistics and certainly, reduced the cost of the whole operation, so it's a more profitable operation. It doesn't have that many fixed costs. So I think that overall, we improved the volumes because we have better coverage, but we also increased the margins out of that since we have lower cost. So I think the overall end-to-end supply chain that you hear me talking from origination to the destination market -- that's what the GTD has brought to us. And we should continue to see improvements in to these. And you see, this is a very true reflection. Ag Services with North America not being able to export that much because of the strong dollar still grew earnings 37% year over year which is a significant improvement. And a lot of that is because of this implementation.
Farha Aslam: And so is this improvement captured in that $550 million improvement target? Is that the types of projects that will be in that 550 number?
Juan Luciano: I would say that's probably a different bucket. The $550 million are more operational improvements. This is more like a strategic portfolio management. We will count it in another bucket. So I will say only maybe a tiny bit maybe in the $550 million, but you shouldn't deduct from the $550 million of these. I think we're going to be the $550 million without counting this.
Farha Aslam: And then you announced several small divestitures and acquisitions and notably many of them were either greater ownerships of ports or expansion of ports. Could you help us frame what earnings you drive from ports and how we should think about your investments in ports?
Juan Luciano: Yes, well, ports are strategic points. They are -- at times, if they become a choking point, they can be a big source of either your earnings or your losses depending if you own it or you don't. What we're trying to do, if you think some of the announcements we made, we made the announcement of Eaststarch, for example where we have more ownership now of Eastern European assets and then we announced this morning also [Technical Difficulty] the Port of Constanta where we'd take full ownership of that. This is to continue to complement our value chain and be in charge of all those different parts in the value chain that allow us to make small margins in many, many points as we touch the grain here all the way from the origination to the processing. So we control many, many ports around the world and as I said before, I think at times they become the bottleneck. And you don't want to be held hostage to somebody else owning that and having to bus all the profit there. So to the extent that it makes capital sense because obviously, they are expensive. We tried in places where we have the full supply chain, we tried to own them.
Farha Aslam: So your investment will smooth out your earnings, accelerate earnings? How should we think about that?
Juan Luciano: I think it should expand our earnings.
Farha Aslam: And final question is in Argentina, there's an election coming up. Do you expect Argentine soy mills to start crushing post the election and how do you anticipate that impacting global crush margins?
Juan Luciano: Yes, the Argentinians have been selling a little bit more as well. But yes, a lot of people expect that if there is a change in government in Argentina, there might come an evaluation and that may prompt a little bit more aggressive farmer selling. At one point in time, we will fill the soybean mills from Argentina, obviously more probably in Europe than otherwise for us. So it's hard to speculate on the result on election to be honest, Farha, but that will be one of the potential scenarios.
Farha Aslam: So, that would be more a 2016 event?
Juan Luciano: Yes, the elections in Argentina, Farha, I think they happen in October and I think the government changed like in December 10 or something like that. So whether the new government decides to have the evaluation in December or to move it to 2016, it's probably more a 2016 impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Just wanted to go back to the comment you made about how your sweeteners and starches results were impacted by running the ethanol at a lower rate during the quarter. Just wondering in the past, you talked about shifting grind capacity. Was this the dry mills that were rushed down or the wet mills? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: Yes, we look at the overall pool of assets that we have and so I'm not going to disclose granularity around what assets we take down or not, but I think as I said, I think it's important for you to consider that we're always going to look at both to maximize the margin coming out of every bushel that we grind. So sometimes, that benefits buyer products to the detriment of sweeteners and starches like in this case. It doesn't happen that often, but in this case, we thought it was material enough that we should mention it.
Michael Piken: And then within your wet mill operation, how much flex capacity is there? I recognize you sell hundreds of products, but within the wet milling process, how much of the grind could be shifted theoretically from ethanol toward high glucose or another type of product?
Juan Luciano: That's a very strategic an important number that I rather don't disclose, Michael. We have the ability to produce between 20 and 30 products but how much can we shift from one extreme to the other is a very strategic number. I would rather don't disclose.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak Research. Your line is open.
Tim Tiberio: One of your competitors had described the specialty protein market in the U.S. as a bit more competitive in the first half. Would you agree with that comment? And is this, I think, a situation where maybe whey protein prices have come down? As dairy production has increased, are you seeing increased price competition or flexibility in that space?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Tim, let me tell you what happened to us. And I don't know what happened to competitors. But what happened to us is that we use a lot of our North American capacity to supply the rest of the world. And because of the dollar strength and some emerging market weaknesses if you will, we exported less. That might have prompted that more volume actually stayed domestically and that might have put some pressure on margins domestically. But the biggest impact we felt was we didn't have the pull from exports this quarter. We're working on that and we're solving that and some of that -- some of that was also customers around the world looking at soybean prices coming down and decided to go a little bit hand to mouth to see how low can they become. So we're seeing that turning a little bit now. But that's the impact we saw, Tim.
Tim Tiberio: And then my second question, with the buyout of the JV with Tate and Lyle, I know they've talked about that venture requiring more capital investments over time than they were comfortable with. Can you frame up what the additional CapEx requirements may be over the next couple of years after you've consolidated that?
Juan Luciano: Yes, the issue is it doesn't require capital investments. Capital investments is a choice if we want to grow that capacity. The reality is, the U.S. uses 92% of high-fructose corn syrup versus 8% of sugar for soda, if you will. Eastern Europe uses 28% of high-fructose corn syrup versus 72% of sugar. So the opportunity to grow that is enormous. So sure, if you want to capitalize on that, you need capacity, you need capital to expand capacity. But we will only do it on the back of very strong returns that will make that expansion make sense. So, we don't have a must. We can run this for cash flow or for cash as long as we want until we decide that we want to expand. We're not going to expand day one. Day one is all going to be about integrating this to our footprint and taking advantages of re-managing that growth asset and reintegrating those assets with our grain and our transportation business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Just two questions. One is, can you frame this quarter as a quarter in terms of earnings power? Because there was a lot of puts and takes. Is the return characteristics and the overall performance, is this kind of what you'll be thinking about for a longer term number? What would be the major changes to enhance your earnings from this type of quarterly rate?
Juan Luciano: First quarter is not traditionally a very strong quarter for us; especially from an ethanol perspective, it's a low demand quarter. Certainly biodiesel didn't run as expected. So I will say we still believe that there is a strong ability for ADM to improve returns and results from this kind of level. We don't think that this is top, we don't think that this is maximized not even for oilseeds that you can say that have an outstanding quarter. Some of their divisions -- as I said, all the softest side, all Europe didn't quite perform that well. Biodiesel is not performing great. We couldn't export a lot from North America from a grain perspective, so our earnings from grains was subdued. Certainly we didn't have any margins in ethanol, so I don't think that this was a spectacular quarter from what the market could give us. I think that, given what the market could give us, the team executed very, very well and we continue to be excited about the implementation of our strategic blueprint. Our strategic plan. That continues to bring strength, because it comes from improving our operations, from having better facilities, from divesting things that we don't like. That I announced today, we divested the lactic acid business. It's not a significant thing, but it continues to show the commitment of management that there are no sacred cows here. Everybody needs to present a credible forecast for returns to be part of the integrated business. And I think we continue to be excited about the strength of our plan and the way our company is executing with a very good consistency, I would say. So I think there is upside from here, Ken. That will be my summary.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then my second question is just on more detail is, could you give us a little bit of outlook on the European crush outlook? What's going well there, when the crops coming in, just a little bit more because it seems like margins in Europe have been a little softer and when do they turn -- how do you think to them?
Juan Luciano: Yes, so Q1, we shifted as much as we could to soybean crushing as margins were so much better. Obviously now, the market has gotten a little bit better but also Argentinean soybean has started to show up so now it's going to become a little bit tougher. And I think from a softer perspective, we probably need to wait until July or sometime later on for us to see an improvement there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Glad to hear that lactic acid is not a sacred cow. Sounds like a great title for a note. But I wanted to know HFCS demand -- certainly I don't think anyone would say it's great domestically, but I think supply has been cut back in my understanding is that that has tightened up the spot markets quite a bit. You didn't report very strong results profit-wise in the quarter, but how do you think this bodes for future periods? Do you think this will be a -- do you think you can do better in future periods, especially when contracts roll over?
Juan Luciano: I think I said it in my remarks, we posted an increase in profitability and the underlying business in sweeteners and starch, driven by good volumes and profit margins. It was offset by part of this lack of controller credits because of the decisions we made to run ethanol for margins and also decrease earnings from the joint ventures and the one times from the Tianjin and the start-up costs. Think about the Tianjin plant. We have a full world scale plant waiting to get approval, so you have all the fixed costs and some of the variable costs that we're making product. No revenue, no cash flow from that plant. So that's impacting the business. But I agree with you, margins for spot business are a little bit tighter and a little bit higher and we have a combination of contracts. Contracts that were done before the announcement of some of the shutdowns, that were done at previous years' margin on some businesses that were performed after that which are at better numbers. But we expect the profitability of sweeteners and starches from now on to improve as some of these one-offs will be eliminated.
Robert Moskow: Juan, I didn't -- but sweeteners and starches -- once you get Eastern Europe, the full accountability of the profits there in you numbers and then you get China up and running, can you give us a sense of what those two projects would add incrementally to your normal run rate? Because I think I and others always think of this division as just being North America and that's it.
Juan Luciano: Yes and I would rather maybe give you some perspective on that maybe on the next call. We still want to get the feeling of getting all the approvals in China and we need to get our hands on the Eaststarch and we didn't get 100% of Eaststarch, so some of Eaststarch have gone to take alive and some to us and some of that will be in sweeteners and starches and some may not. So I would rather get to close those operations before giving you. But you are correct, that should add to our segment sweeteners and starches on a global basis.
Robert Moskow: And it kind of builds to a broader question, Juan and Ray, that in your presentation today, you presented a lot of projects and I think it's kind of hard for us in the Street to quantify what the incremental benefit of those projects is. So, any more clarity you could give in future calls, because as you increase in invested capital base, the earnings power should go up, too. So just a comment.
Juan Luciano: Yes, that's correct. And that is the intention and, at this point in time, we were trying to balance both obviously. The improving earnings per share with the improving ROIC and that's why Ray was describing EVA is that's what we're looking at. But that's the intention. They are all investments to improve EPS and you should see that reflected in the bottom line as we go forward.
Ray Young: I think it's fair to say for major transaction, we're going to be very open with you, just like the WILD transaction. We were very open with you in terms of returns and accretion. I think you've raised a good point. We got a lot of smaller bolt-on acquisitions which, traditionally, on this bolt-on acquisitions or small acquisitions, we never really have given that much guidance on, but the pace of this is probably increasing. So you raise a good point. We may elect to actually fund them all up together and give you some direction so it'll help you in terms of your modeling.
Operator: There are no further questions. I turn the call back over to Juan Luciano for closing remarks.
Juan Luciano: Thank you all for joining us today. Slide 15 notes our upcoming investor events where we'll see each other. As always, please feel free to follow up with Mark, if you have any other questions. Have a good day and thanks for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Christina Hahn - VP, IR & Competitive Analysis Juan Luciano - CEO, President Ray Young - SVP, CFO
Analysts: Evan Morris - Bank of America Farha Aslam - Stephens Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Tim Tiberio - Miller Tabak Ken Zaslow - BMO David Driscoll - Citi Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Paul Massoud - Stifel Eric Larson - Janney Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Christina Hahn, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. Hahn, you may begin.
Christina Hahn: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to ADM's fourth quarter earnings call. Starting tomorrow a replay of todays call will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its report on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's call, our Chief Executive Officer, Juan Luciano, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Then Juan will review the drivers of our operations performance in the quarter and provide an update on actions that are improving returns. Then they will take your questions. Please now turn to Slide 3. And I'll now turn the call over to Juan.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Christina. Good morning, everyone, thank you all for joining us today. This morning, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.00 and adjusted segment operating profit of $1.1 billion. Our net earnings for the fourth quarter were $701 million or $1.08 per share. Segment operating profit was $1.3 billion. For the calendar year, we achieved adjusted earnings of $3.20 per share, up 37% from last year's $2.33. And importantly, adjusted ROIC of 9% was 260 basis points above our cost of capital. In the fourth quarter, the Agricultural Services team executed well to capitalize on strong conditions, while international merchandising continued to show year-over-year recovery. In North America and Europe Oilseeds showed strong year-over-year growth offset by weaker results in South America. Looking ahead in North America and Europe, solid crush margins and export opportunities have carried into the first quarter. Market conditions in South America Oilseeds should improve with the large harvest, and we are working towards higher returns throughout 2015 in this key geography. While U.S. ethanol demand was seasonally strong, boosted by the domestic response to lower gasoline prices, high industry production has built excess inventories. Margins in this industry should remain challenged until supplies are better aligned with demand. We will continue our work to optimize cost and product mix in the Corn business to maximize profitability. Also during the fourth quarter, we were busy preparing for the January 1st, launch of the WILD Flavors and the Specialty Ingredients business unit, working on synergies, preparing to move businesses and aligning teams. In view of our continued strong performance and our positive outlook, our Board of Directors has voted to increase our quarterly dividend from $0.24 to $0.28. Now I will turn the call over to Ray.
Ray Young: Thanks, Juan, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.00 a share, up 5% from the $0.95 last year. Excluding specified items and also excluding net timing effects, adjusted segment operating profit was $1.1 billion, up $88 million or more than 8% from last year. The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 29% compared to 39% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. For the calendar year, our effective tax rate was 28%, lower than last year's 33% tax rate, which was negatively impacted by valuation allowances taken on certain significant deferred tax assets. Looking into calendar year 2015, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the 28% to 30% range. Our trailing four quarter average adjusted ROIC of 9% improved from the 8.5% at the end of the third quarter and also significantly improved by 200 basis points -- 40 basis points from the 6.6% at the end of the fourth quarter last year. The 9% adjusted ROIC is above our 6.4% annual WACC for 2014 as well as our long-term WACC of 8.0% as reflected in the graph on Slide 19 in the appendix. Our objective remains to earn 200 basis points over our WACC. In the fourth quarter, our trailing four quarter adjusted EVA was $670 million based upon adjusted earnings and annual WACC, up $315 million from 2013. On Chart 17 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $1.08 per share to the adjusted earnings of $1.00 a share. For this quarter LIFO represented a $16 million pretax credit or $0.01 per share after-tax. We also recorded net gains on sales of assets of about $135 million pretax or $0.14 per share after-tax primarily related to the sales of our South American fertilizer business. We incurred about $33 million of WILD related charges, or about $0.03 per share, related to transaction closing costs as well as restructuring costs during the quarter. We incurred a $98 million non-cash pretax U.S. pension settlement charge related to selling some of our retiree liabilities with lump sums. In our GAAP statements this charge is included in our SG&A expense line. There were approximately $41 million of pretax impairment charges or $0.04 per share from various assets. And finally, we adjusted our fourth quarter results down by $52 million, or $0.09 per share, for U.S. biodiesel tax benefits attributable to the earlier three quarters. This breaks down as roughly $0.01 a share in Q1, $0.03 a share in Q2 and $0.05 a share in Q3. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Before Juan goes into the operating results, I would like to highlight some of the unique items impacting our quarterly results. In Oilseeds, I just talked about the South American fertilizer gain and the other [peer] [ph] benefits of the biodiesel tax credits. We will also continue to have our cocoa and chocolate business as part of our segment reporting results in Oilseeds until which time we have closed on the sales sometime in the first half of 2015. They are not treated as discontinued operations in our financial statements. There are also various asset impairment charges in all three segments in corporate to sum up to about $41 million pretax. In the other processing line, we have included the initial results of both WILD Flavors and Specialty Commodities Inc. There were about $33 million of transaction closing and restructuring charges in the fourth quarter. In addition, included in the negative $13 million number in other processing is about $23 million of purchase price amortization charges related to inventories and $3 million of additional depreciation expenses. Excluding these amounts WILD and SDI earned about $13 million in the fourth quarter. Effective January 1st, the results of WILD and SDI will be included in our new fourth business segment called WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients, or WFSI for short, which also includes certain Specialty Ingredients businesses from our other three segments. To assist you with your analysis for 2015, we have included in the appendix a pro forma of our 2014 quarterly results adjusted for the ADM business lines that would be part of the fourth business unit. In the corporate lines net interest expense was down due to significantly lower debt levels; unallocated corporate costs were higher due to various special project costs including our ERP project that was initiated earlier in 2014. Other charges for the fourth quarter are primarily related to our $98 million non-cash U.S. pension settlement charge. In addition, I want to point out the currency translation effects on our earnings, while negative, were not material for the fourth quarter nor for the calendar year as much of our global merchandising and process in trade flows are either U.S. dollar functional or U.S. dollar linked providing some insulation to our financial results against fluctuations of the U.S. dollar or the euro. I would also like to comment on our GAAP net revenue number that can be found in the appendix. GAAP net revenues for the quarter were $20.9 billion, down from last year's $24 billion. The significant reduction was driven by large declines in commodity prices that impact our revenues. But this decline also impacts our cost of goods sold as our input costs are lower. So the key for us managing the spread between revenues and cost of goods sold, which is a core competency of our teams. This dynamic makes operating profit much more relevant when analyzing ADM. Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 6, we present here the cash flow statement for the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the prior year. We generated just over $2.7 billion from operations before working capital changes in the year ended 2014, slightly higher than last year. Working capital changes were a source of $2.3 billion this year compared to a source of $2.9 billion last year. Total capital spending for that year was about $0.9 billion compared to the prior year  comparable to the prior year and in line with our reduced CapEx target. We completed acquisitions of $3 billion in equity, which included WILD and SDI, but net of cash assumed amounted to $2.7 billion. We also received proceeds of divestitures from the South American fertilizer business of $350 million. For 2015, we are estimating capital spending in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. This range is higher than our $0.9 billion spending in 2014, which you may recall we reduced after the WILD acquisition to assess capital spend avoidance opportunities. As a result some 2014 spending shifted into 2015. We also have some additional spending for our ERP program and cost reduction projects, as well as the ramp-up of our specialty protein project spending in Brazil, our Fibersol project in China and the U.S., our lecithin projects in Germany and India. In February 2014, our $1.15 billion convertible debt matured, we paid down this debt, contributing to our overall debt reduction. For the year, we spent about $1.2 billion to repurchase about 25 million shares and we paid out $0.6 billion in common dividends. So for the year, we returned about $1.8 billion to shareholders. We ended the year with about 643 million shares on a fully diluted basis. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of the end of both 2014 and 2013. Cash on hand was approximately $1.6 billion, down $1.9 billion from last year. Our operating working capital of $7.8 billion was down $3.1 billion from the year ago period. This decrease was comprised of about $1.3 billion related to lower inventory prices and about $0.7 billion related to lower inventory quantities and a decrease of about $1.1 billion in other working capital, primarily related to reclassification of working capital of our global cocoa and chocolate businesses which are treated under held for sell accounting as well as additional trade receivables sold during the calendar year. Total debt was about $5.7 billion resulting in a net debt balance that is debt less cash of $4.1 billion, up slightly from the 2013 net debt level in part reflecting the fourth quarter cash outflows related to the acquisitions of WILD and SDI. Our shareholders equity of $19.6 billion is $0.6 billion lower than the level last year with a cumulative translation account down about $0.9 billion due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. We had $6.6 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of December. If you add the available cash, we had access to almost $8 billion of short-term liquidity. In view of our strong liquidity position and forward outlook, the Board of Directors approved increasing our quarterly dividend from $0.24 per share to $0.28 per share, a 17% increase. This would translate to an annualized cash outflow of about $0.7 billion. In addition, with a strong balance sheet and forecast generation of cash we expect to repurchase anywhere between $1.5 billion to $2 billion of ADM's shares, subject to any strategic requirements that may occur over the course of this calendar year. So we expect to return anywhere from $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion of cash to shareholders this year, again, subject to any strategic requirements. With a forecast CapEx spend of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in 2015, we believe we are again providing a balanced approach towards capital allocation consistent with the intentions we outlined on Investor Day in December. Next, Juan will take us through an operational review of the quarter. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thanks, Ray. Please turn to slide 8. I'll start with segment operating profit and then move on to discuss the three major segments. Our underlying segment operating profit improved sequentially every quarter this year. In the fourth quarter it increased 20% from the third quarter. On a year-over-year basis a significant improvement in our services drove an overall increase of 8%. In all four quarters this year the team delivered year-over-year improvements in segment operating profit. For the calendar year, we earned $3.7 billion of operating profit excluding specified items, up 25% from the year before. 2014 was another solid year from our Oilseeds business, demonstrating the strength and diversity of the portfolio in delivering consistent results. The Corn business showed the value of managing the business with overall results. In 2014 they delivered their best operating profit ever. And Ag Services demonstrated a strong recovery from the prior year, aided by a turnaround of international merchandising results and good execution by the team to fully capitalize on a more favorable environment. I am very proud of all the team was able to accomplish this year. Now I will walk you through our fourth quarter results. Starting on Slide 9, the Oilseeds team delivered a strong quarter. It is worth noting that last year's fourth quarter was exceptionally strong driven by strong performances across all regions. In the fourth quarter good capacity utilization and margins drove strong soybean crushing results in Europe and North America with the North American team delivering an all-time record quarter amid strong global demand and low input costs. Both North American and European crushing results were better than the same period last year. South American results were down significantly compared to a very strong fourth quarter last year. Origination and transportation were impacted by lower Brazilian corn production, reduced exports and slow farmer selling relative to last year and losses on basis and board crush positions. In Paraguay, a lower quality crop hurt export opportunities. In addition, South American results were negatively impacted by fertilizer as we transition this business for the close of the sale in mid-December. In Europe overcapacity pressured biodiesel margins. And in North America the retroactive U.S. biodiesel tax credit improved margins on gallons blended in the quarter, though demand was down seasonally. Also our results in Asia were consistent with last year, were much improved compared to the earlier quarters in 2014 driven by Wilmar results. Please turn to Slide 10. Corn processing results declined in the quarter. In the year ago period sweeteners and starches benefited from a steep decline in net corn costs. This fourth quarter conditions were more challenging as net corn costs rose during the quarter. In addition, our results in this fourth quarter were negatively impacted by hedge losses on co-product sales and increasing bad debt reserves and startup costs related to our new sweetener facility in Tianjin, China. For the fourth quarter, absent these unique factors, sweeteners and starches results would have been about $100 million. Good execution, the combined management of production and merchandising drove a significant improvement in bioproducts results and animal nutrition results improved on better margins and solid demand. Slide 11, please. In the fourth quarter, Ag Services results improved significantly from last year when market conditions were challenged following the drought of 2011 and 2012. In the U.S., the team put on a strong soybean export program during harvest moving beans at a record pace. This allowed great throughput to our origination and transportation networks, as you can see reflected in those results. The international merchandising team continued their turnaround. The fourth quarter was the first quarter in which we coordinated our worldwide trade flows through our new global merchandising desk. I am particularly proud of our international merchandising team's work in 2014 as they integrated the Toepfer trading operation and led an operational and financial turnaround. In transportation, the strong U.S. bean export program, replenishment of fertilizer and salt inventories, and great river conditions allowing large tows deep thrust combined with great execution to deliver an outstanding performance. And our Midland results were strong as the business saw solid merchandising and blending opportunities in the quarter. Now on Slide 12, we wanted to briefly update you on our actions that are driving improved returns. We focus, as you know, those efforts in a few areas: strengthening the business; managing our portfolio; and growing the business. In the area of strengthening the business, we exceeded our target of $400 million in run rate cost savings by the end of 2014. During our December Investor Day, we outlined our target for $350 million in further cost savings related to operational excellence and process improvements. We also highlighted $200 million in incremental purchasing savings. So we are targeting a total of $550 million in additional run rate cost savings over the next five years. In the area of managing our portfolio, following the WILD acquisition we are well on our way to achieving our targeted 100 million in synergies over the next three years. The commercial and technical teams are focused on realizing the benefits of the combined businesses and have had over 100 customer engagements so far. We have already recognized synergy wins within our first three months and are actively building a pipeline of opportunities for new business. Cost synergy activities are also underway. We are addressing redundancies and eliminating overlapping corporate SG&A. In December, we announced our additional IT center will be located in existing space at WILD's facility in Erlanger, Kentucky. We reached an agreement in December to sell our global cocoa business to Olam for $1.3 billion. We expect to close that sale in mid-2015. We remain on track to close the sale of our global chocolate business to Cargill for $440 million in the first half of 2015. We closed the $350 million sale of our South American fertilizer business in December. And in an example of the asset-like approach that we have mentioned before, I am pleased to announce that we have reached an agreement to sell a 50% stake in our export terminal in northern Brazil to Glencore. Combined with a plan to quadruple that facility's capacity, we are strengthening strategically located asset in a cost and capital efficient way. Our efforts to improve returns also involve investing to grow the business. In November, we began production at our sweetener plant in Tianjin, China. Construction continues on our fiber plant in Tianjin, China, our feed premix plant in Nanjing, China and our specialty protein complex and Campo Grande, Brazil. The expansion of our Fibersol production capacity at Clinton, Iowa is on schedule to be operational midyear. And our non-GMO lecithin projects in Hamburg, Germany and Latur, India should be operational in March and July respectively. We continue to take actions to further improve the business and, as you can see, that is reflected in our returns. Before we take your questions I wanted to offer some additional perspectives as we look forward. Our Ag Services result showed how our larger and more efficient U.S. network can perform with a big clock. As the South American harvest continues we will see the seasonal decline in North American soybean exports. We also expect to see corn exports pick up starting with the Pacific Northwest and then moving to the Gulf. Continued North American mill exports should support crush margins well into Q1. And the large South American harvest should drive exports and improve crush margins. In sweeteners and starches we expect 2015 volumes and margins to be similar to 2014. Ethanol demand should improve in the coming quarter as low gasoline prices and the change in weather should support increased driving miles. And in this margin environment we would expect many producers to run for yield rather than volume which should improve alignment of supply and demand. Across the Corn business we continue our work to optimize our product and customer mix. In our new WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients business unit, we expect to benefit from new wins and increase customer engagements. We are working to deliver a compelling portfolio of ingredients and services that will allow us to better serve our customers. We are adding geographic scale to our business with capital projects ongoing in China, Brazil, India, Germany and the U.S. And we are expanding the scope of our portfolio by adding the basic healthy ingredients of Specialty Commodities as well as pursuing new products such as texturized protein, non-GMO lecithin and omega-3's. We expect that many of our businesses that did not perform that well in 2014 will have more favorable results in 2015. South American results should improve. We expect our international merchandising business to continue its improvement. We have disposed of or are disposing of our poorer performing businesses such as South American fertilizer, chocolate and cocoa. And we have a list of other businesses for which we are targeting improve profitability of returns in 2015. So a strong finish to 2014, good conditions for the year ahead and continued improvements in our portfolio of businesses. Overall, we feel very good about our position for 2015. To recap a few news items we announced on today's call, we are targeting an additional $550 million in run rate cost savings within the next five years. We have agreed to sell 50% of our port facility in northern Brazil to Glencore, and together we will be quadrupling capacity of the port. We are targeting up to $2 billion of stock buybacks for the calendar year and the Board has increased our quarterly dividend from $0.24 to $0.28. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Evan Morris with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Evan Morris: Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Evan.
Ray Young: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Morris: I just want to talk a little bit more about ethanol. And obviously fourth quarter came in better than what I was looking for. But your commentary regarding the margins being challenged suggests I guess it is more of a production issue than just a broader environment with lower prices. Can you kind of talk a little bit about that? And if that is the case, how long does the oversupply usually take to correct to come back in line with demand?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Evan, so really we are not seeing a change in demand. Actually if anything it has been an improvement because of reduced gasoline prices that have increased consumption in the United States. We have seen an excess in production that is driven mostly by the very good margins we enjoyed in the November timeframe. So how long will it take for that to correct? Difficult to say. We are going to see a combination as we go into the first quarter of progressively higher driving miles and then some of the refineries getting to maintenance as they go into March as they prepare for the [hydrating] [ph] season. So we manage, as I said in my prepared remarks, the business for the overall. So we try to manage the overall product mix and we look for what margins are very good we run for volume, when margins are declining we run a little bit more prudently for yield. So that is  so we see this is a relatively immature industry, but these low margins will correct itself, the supply issue, and we expect increasing margins as we go into the later part of Q1.
Evan Morris: Okay. And just with that and I know ethanol is not a huge part of the business, but it seems to be  your stock is trading on the exchange in oil prices. But when you talk about margins remaining challenged, I mean that is sort of a pretty ambiguous term. Can you give a little bit more color around that? Are you expecting early on to not make any money in the early part of the quarter? I mean you had really strong operating profit per gallon as you exited the year. So if you could just put a little bit of context around what you mean by challenged, where do you expect margins to kind of settle out more broadly and where do we kind of head as the year progresses?
Juan Luciano: Of course. If you look at the story in Q4, you see the high volatility that are on ethanol prices, so this is very hard to predict with any precision. We continue, Evan, that is why we continue with our efforts on our cost improvements and we highlight that all the time. And you heard me that we have exceeded our stretch goal of $400 million because a big part of that is in the Corn business. The other leg of the stool that we look at is the flexibility and the introduction of new products that allow us to shift production to the products that are growing the most or having less margin pressure. I would say, Evan, overall, we expect probably margins in ethanol to be a little bit lower than 2014, but better than current levels.
Evan Morris: Okay. And just last question for you. Given the operating environment and all the puts and takes, do you think in 2015 that you will be able to hit your medium-term ROIC target of 10%?
Juan Luciano: Well, you know we have the impact of WILD in 2015 that is 0.7%.
Ray Young: About 70 basis points impact.
Juan Luciano: About 70 basis points. So listen, you heard us at the Investor Day. Two years ago we put this strategy based on returns. And as you see in the graph that I showed in my slide, that strategy continues to deliver and we feel very good about that. Obviously every now and then as we have a big acquisition like WILD, we pause a little bit in that trajectory. But all our programs are working and we are very optimistic about our trajectory towards 10%.
Evan Morris: Okay, thank you.
Juan Luciano: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Juan Luciano: Hi, Farha.
Ray Young: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam: Looking at crushing and origination, could you just break down that segment a little bit for us? On any given year how much should we expect from North American crush versus South America versus international merchandising, roughly?
Juan Luciano: Well, let's see, international merchandising is reported into Ag Services so let's separate that, Farha, yes.
Farha Aslam: I'm sorry.
Juan Luciano: So certainly North America is much bigger than South America proportionately. I would say  but you are probably wondering because of the offsetting effect this quarter of the South American result. We have a combination of issues there. First of all, as you recall, in South America we report also origination efforts. So farmer selling has been very poor in South America and we are comparing again a very strong quarter of  in 2013. So it is a very tough comp. But origination results were down because of farmer selling. Crushing margins were normally  we were expecting it to be relatively low in Q4 because of a lack of beans and that's the end of the season. But we have, to be honest, I mean in a tough environment like that with poor farmer selling a low crushing margin, we also didn't help ourselves much. And on top of that we have the transition of the fertilizer business. That business was discontinued and we transferred some of our operations to [mosaic] [ph], we had bad results coming out of that, as you can understand. It's a very volatile business, low margins and is difficult to manage in normal operations much more in a transition. So I would say those are the impact that we have in South America in Q4. That makes us optimistic for Q1 because we think that farmer selling will come back, crush margins have already expanded both in Brazil and in Paraguay and certainly we will not have the issue of fertilizer. And we have the new port of Barcarena fully operational. So all in all, we think that that South American results was an issue that will stay in that Q4 and we don't expect it to be repeated.
Farha Aslam: So looking out into the first quarter, North American crush remains strong, South America recovers. So we should see a nice pick up in the crushing origination going into the first quarter?
Juan Luciano: Farha, directionally we expect Q1 to be stronger than Q4 for Oilseeds that is correct.
Farha Aslam: Okay. And then just moving to your Ag Services business. Clearly you had a very strong quarter in the fourth quarter largely driven by exports. Do you anticipate the first quarter export volume out of North America to remain the same or to grow? And importantly, how do you think basis will work out in North America first quarter versus fourth quarter? Did you capture the harvest basis in the fourth quarter or will you still have more to capture in the first quarter?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Fourth quarter was very close to perfection, Farha. We had perfect harvest weather with the exception of maybe 10 days; weather conditions were very favorable to us because of our very strong transportation businesses. So when freight in rail and all that get complicated obviously we profit from that in our transportation  in barge transportation business that really excelled in Q4. Obviously  and we were able to capture good basis, to be honest, during Q4. So we were very happy with that. As we roll into Q1, obviously the soybean export program kind of declined as South America becomes to pick up the pace there. We expect corn program to pick up during the quarter as the U.S. corn becomes more competitive against European destinations or Argentina. So all in all, we have seen steady demand, not maybe spectacular demand, but not weak demand  steady demand. So we're looking at the execution of a good book, execution of  good execution margins in the interior, good storage margins, still good transportation P&L as we still  we see a lot of northbound freight being used. And we see descent carries in both corn and hard wheat. So all in all not as spectacular as Q4, but strong performance in Q1 for Ag Services.
Farha Aslam: Great. Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: You are welcome, Farha.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. I think that the  I'm trying to figure out Corn Processing for 2015. You have a good set up I would think in sweeteners and starches. I understand there have been some pretty significant price increases in high fructose corn syrup. Obviously, the bioproducts line is very difficult to forecast. Is it possible to isolate sweeteners and starches in your outlook here, Juan? Can this be a pretty significant improvement versus 2014 given the pricing? And then in addition, would you expect more of the grind to switch to sweeteners away from ethanol as you try to help the industry manage inventories?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Rob. So let me give you some perspective. So our expectations for sweeteners and starches for 2015 are pretty much in line to 2014. We expect moderate or relatively stable corn prices and so as such margins will be approximally comparable to 2014. On relatively for liquid sweeteners  relatively a stable volumes in that sense. We have other products where we are shifted demand that are growing a little bit faster. We have other geographies especially Southeast Asia where it is also growing a little bit faster. We are still going to have the very incipient contribution of our high fructose corn syrup new investment in Tianjin, which is more like for a longer-term, not just that much 2015. So the way we are thinking, although we did better than our plan in 2014 for sweeteners and starches, we are thinking something comparable to 2014 in general.
Robert Moskow: Why wouldn't it be better? I mean, I thought there was some pretty good price increases taken at least in HFCS, why couldn't it be better?
Juan Luciano: It could, Rob, I am just thinking about when we look at the pricing system, we probably have about half of the  we had 2014 with some pressure on pricing on margins. And probably the first half of our negotiating period was under those conditions. And then probably the later half conditions become a little bit better industry, a little bit plan to be more balanced. So I would have  we have a little bit of that, but also a little bit of the past in our 2015 margin negotiations. So all in all, I think is mostly comparable if I said to 2014.
Robert Moskow: Last question. Do you think that your ethanol margins are  are your ethanol margins still positive right now?
Juan Luciano: Obviously, we have a set of units that are different, so we have some dry mills and we have some wet mills. I would say overall they are slightly positive.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Ann.
Ray Young: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Duignan: I am curious as to how you think about your business, particularly merchandising going forward in an environment of a stronger dollar and weaker other currencies. Do you change the way you do business anywhere or the way you think about merchandising globally?
Juan Luciano: Not really, Ann. I think that obviously the U.S. currency is getting stronger again most of the other currencies. But that tends to end up adjusting the prices of the commodity to find their own equilibrium. At the end of the day you may shift a little bit the timing of some of those exports, but at the end of the day the balances are the balances, the import nations have to import from the exporting nations those who are the ones that have the excesses. So our teams adjust obviously to that, but I would say that is something that they do on a normal course of business as we have international teams that they adjust for all the other currencies as they move all the time as well. So, no exception for the U.S. team. I wouldn't read that much into that.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Thank you. Because there is a lot of talk about corn exports from the U.S. and how they might be competitively disadvantaged versus maybe Brazil where perhaps we get more corn planted than we anticipated and they compete for the export market. But you are not anticipating any of that?
Juan Luciano: We see some of that, but the U.S. have come back and is competitive and we expect that to increase during Q1 as it develops, yes.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And are you willing to share with us at this point what your expectations are for planted acres in the U.S. this spring?
Juan Luciano: I would just refer to the USDA numbers at this point. I am sure my guys have an opinion but we will keep it to ourselves.
Ann Duignan: Okay, I appreciate that. And just real quick follow-up on ethanol. Ethanol benefited from very significant exports last year. I guess the same question with the strong dollar  would you expect exports of ethanol to decline given where oil prices are and the strength of the dollar?
Juan Luciano: No, at this point in time we expect ethanol exports to be in the range of $800 million for 2015. We are seeing that demand pretty stable. We have checked with most the countries and our customers and we don't see that. Ethanol continues to be the cheapest oxygenate out there and we monitor very closely all the other types. And at this point in time we feel very strongly about these 800 million gallons per year being there in 2015.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the color. I will get back in line.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ann.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Juan Luciano: Michael, are you there?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks. And good morning, everyone. Juan, I'm having trouble kind of reconciling what you actually think 2015 is going to be like versus 2014. I see a bunch of puts and takes, but I am just trying to circle back to in the past you guys would talk about you were about to have  the business was going to break out and we were going to get well through the sort of $3.00 threshold, which  I'm just trying to figure out, is that  your commentary today is very focused on getting the returns up and I understand that. But I'm also trying to understand whether you think 2015 over 2014 is really going to finally be that big year where the earnings actually break out.
Juan Luciano: Yes, Vince. We feel very strongly about 2015. I think that if you look at what we have done and with all the puts and takes as you described, we face every year to be honest. Every year we face conditions that are negative on one side and positive on the other side. But the overall is we have improved our portfolio. So there's going to be a lot of businesses that gave us trouble in 2014 that will not in 2015. There are a lot of units that without major divestiture that we are in the process of improving. That gives us hope and good expectations for 2015 that some of those results will be better. We have proven about with the Toepfer integration and which is halfway or maybe two-thirds through it, but it needs to continue and there are other things that we continue to improve. So we feel good about that as well. We feel very good we have shown to everybody and to ourselves how our services can perform in an environment of good growth that we haven't seen over the last two years. So we feel good about how the business executes, but also how the business can run all those assets. And we continue to add to our cost improvements and operational efficiencies and that continues to go through the bottom line. When you put on top of that that we expect the WILD to continue to be as we expected contributing maybe accretive $0.10 to $0.15 during 2015 we feel very good about the combination of all of those factors. Will they be surprised during 2015? Of course, every year and we adjust to those. But overall we continue to see our plan unraveling very positively.
Vincent Andrews: Okay and just as a clarifying question. You talked about co-product hedges in the Corn Processing business. Could you just clarify what those were? I thought co-products were very difficult to hedge.
Ray Young: We did some proxy hedges on that using corn. And it didn't turn out the way we would have liked it. So that impacted some of our sweeteners and starches results in the fourth quarter.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, fair enough. Thanks very much. I will pass it along.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Vince.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Hi. Can you hear me now?
Juan Luciano: Hi, Michael. Yes.
Michael Piken: Okay, perfect. Thanks. Yes, just wanted to circle back to Ag Services here for a minute. And specifically in the past you've talked about $200 million to $250 million in EBIT is relatively run line to use. In light of what you did in 4Q do you think there was some push forward in terms of some of the 2015 earnings, or is that the right run rate to use or with this record harvest should we be using a higher number?
Juan Luciano: It is difficult between  obviously in last quarter you had some things shifting from one quarter to the other, sometimes in one direction or the other. I would say the range that we're thinking about it for 2015 is something in the range of $850 million to $950 million. You have to think that when this realignment that we have of divisions of businesses within the division Ag Services has lost basically $50 million of annual profit that has been transferred to other businesses. So considering that transfer we are thinking that the range you should consider is something between $850 million to $950 million per year.
Michael Piken: Okay, that is really helpful. And then with respect to kind of the WILD Flavors Specialty Ingredients, I know you had sort of targeted $0.10 to $0.15 of accretion for this year. I mean can you give us some sort of flavor for how quickly that can ramp up? You at your Analyst Day gave a revenue target, but what should we be thinking sort of in the outer years?
Ray Young: Yes. We provided the guidance when we announced the acquisition back in July. First full year $0.10 to $0.15 per share accretion. We are still on track towards that particular range, Mike. As we kind of work through our plans we see that in the numbers. Actually there may be a little bit of risk towards the downside just because of currency translation impacts, particularly on WILD's European business. But overall we still feel good about that range for calendar year 2015.
Michael Piken: Okay, great. And then finally the last question is on the $550 million in cost savings that you are targeting over the next five years, can you give us some sort of breakdown by segment where you would expect to see the majority of that benefit? Thanks.
Juan Luciano: I would say  to be honest, I don't have it top of my head by segment. We have  internally we have a buy plan of like 10 categories. Some of those categories include things like margin for new products as we fight for the grind, we have categories about maintenance reduction or improvements, we have categories such as energy efficiency. I would say corn tends to add the bulk sometimes of that probably in the range of maybe 40% to 50% just because of the size of the asset. Ag Services has a little bit less because we have less fixed assets and more maybe transportation assets. So I would say, if I have to give a guess, but I don't have it, it is something like 50% Corn, maybe 35% Oilseeds, and maybe 15% Ag Services give or take.
Michael Piken: Okay. Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: You are welcome, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak. Your line is open.
Tim Tiberio: Good morning and thanks for taking my question.
Juan Luciano: Hi, Tim.
Tim Tiberio: Juan, I guess looking at Oilseed demand, there's been a lot of focus in the questioning around farmers selling and utilization between North America and South America. But we have seen a little bit more commentary in the trade press around just a more uncertain environment around incremental Oilseed demand in Asia. Just wanted to kind of get your sense of how you are seeing that frame up on a full-year basis and then from the first half to the second half?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So at this point in time we're seeing still good export demand in the U.S., we have it for January and February. We expect there's going to be a little bit of a shift to that in March to South America. When we're looking to China, we see China feed demand a little bit down at this point in time. Profitability for farmers to raise pigs or chicken is not great at this point in time. Part is the slowdown in the economy; part is the government's anti-graft campaign because we do some consumption there. But we expect that as, I talk to my colleagues in China, to increase  to improve during the year. So right now it is a little bit soft.
Tim Tiberio: Okay. And is there any other regions that could potentially offset China? I know there has been some talk about India potentially liberalizing their imports, tax regime on Oilseeds. Is that kind of factored into your outlook or that is just still difficult to handicap at this point?
Juan Luciano: I would say you continue to see poultry consumption growing per capita basis in India, so that is also obviously bullish since there are like 1.4 billion people. I would say overall we continue to see mill demand growing 3% to 4% year-over-year and we feel good about that. So I think China has these ups and downs, but we don't foresee a slowdown in demand at this point in time for 2015. We still believe 3% to 4% up in mill demand.
Tim Tiberio: Great. And then just shifting gears back to WILD Flavors. There was a lot of talk at your Investor Day that really the next stage is taking this platform and really proliferating it out to a lot of your CPG relationships.
Juan Luciano: Yes.
Tim Tiberio: Can you just kind of talk, I know it is still early days, but how is the win rates looking with a lot of your large CPG clients? Any notable wins in the quarter? How is that progress tracking to your expectations?
Juan Luciano: Yes, that is a great question, Tim. Listen, the first thing that I would like to say about WILD Flavors and Specialty Ingredients is that I am pleased to report that we are getting the people equation right. In this case the capabilities obviously are there. Both were successful companies individually in their own right in ingredients so the capabilities are intact. But the issue is can you combine the people and can you get that? And I am pleased to report that is going extremely well. So we are very confident we are going to beat our 2015 synergy targets. In terms of customer, we have had more than 100 customer engagements so far and we have recorded, I was checking with the team late last week, I have every Friday a meeting with them to check this. We had more than 355 ideas with actual efforts behind for each customer. So I wouldn't disclose any specific customer obviously for confidentiality reasons. These are all innovations that we will keep to ourselves and then hopefully you will see it reflected in revenue growth. But we are very enthusiastic about how customers are responding to the combined capabilities of both companies.
Tim Tiberio: Great. Thanks for your time and I will pass it along.
Juan Luciano: You are welcome, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
Juan Luciano: David, are you there?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO. Your line is open.
Ken Zaslow: Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Hi, Ken.
Ray Young: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: I just want to go back to the ethanol just because I am puzzled by it a little bit. So how do ethanol margins actually go higher in this current oil and corn environment? You think corn is going to stay relatively stable and oil stays stable. If supply gets cut, ethanol prices need to trade at a premium to GAAP. Is that a sustainable situation? I guess that is where I'm kind of having a hard time with the ethanol margin recovery.
Juan Luciano: So I think, listen, I see  we see driving miles of gasoline consumption going up and we see stable exports out there. So but the issue is did we produce at 15 billion gallons is  we're now going to have excellent margins. So at the end of the day, it will require some rationalization of capacity. We expect some of these low margins that we're having right now giving people some  giving people in the high part of the cost curve some problems. And that is why we continue to emphasize our cost position and that is all we can drive. All we can drive is our cost position, our fight for the grind and the way we commercially  we commercially play between produced gallons and purchased gallons. So other than that it is all speculation, to be honest.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. So you think that gas can trade at a premium to ethanol and the demand will remain, that's fair?
Juan Luciano: Yes, yes, we think so. Yes.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. On the --
Juan Luciano: Remember that you have $0.70 [wins] [ph] at this point in time. And I think that we can go 10% higher and we can still be a very competitive oxygenate out there.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. That is fair. That is kind of lessen my confusion was trying to figuring that out. I appreciate it. On Ag Services, the $850 million to $950 million  sorry
Juan Luciano: Go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: The Ag Services, $850 million to $950 million is roughly in that $200 million per quarter basis. Over the next two to three years, as you make these improvements that you have been talking about at the Analyst Day, and it seems like maybe there even some cost-cutting there. Will that go up to say $250 million to $300 million per quarter like  or how does that shift? It seems like you have very tangible gains to be had here. And I am just trying to put a number around that. Is that a fair point saying about $50 million to $100 million after all these adjustments are made?
Juan Luciano: Ken, the way I think about Ag Services is we believe Ag Services will continue to go up hopefully in that range. It is difficult for me to quantify it and I tell you why. In the other businesses we can add some of the cost improvements. In Ag Services it becomes a little bit more based on whether we add an investment that increases our origination or our transportation or we do something like we did with Toepfer in which we combined in the global trade desk or we move more into destination marketing and we capture a bigger part of the margin there. So our plans and our expectation are that that range is going to evolve over time. It is a little bit more difficult to say exactly the number at this point. And I wouldn't venture that. But we are continuing to build to increase margins and our share in Ag Services.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. My final question is, at the Analyst Day you guys said that there was a level of preparedness. I like that word that you used for Ag Services. And obviously that generated a very, very significant return during the quarter. Do you feel like you can get the same preparedness that you had in the third quarter  for the fourth quarter that you all have for the first quarter?
Juan Luciano: Absolutely, absolutely. We are very well prepared to handle this first quarter. It would be, as I said, a different quarter. When I was saying the preparedness is because obviously this team was so looking forward to show what their asset base and their capabilities could do in a full crop because of the two very bad years in the previous crop. But absolutely they are the same level of preparedness for Q1.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I really appreciate it. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is Open.
David Driscoll: Hi. Can you hear me?
Juan Luciano: David, yes, we can.
David Driscoll: All right. You really can. Boy that was a struggle. So good morning and congratulations on the results, Juan and team.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
David Driscoll: Wanted to just maybe clear up a couple of points on ethanol. I think you said in a previous comment that you thought you would see I think you said you felt very strongly about 800 million gallons of ethanol exports. Is that correct?
Juan Luciano: Yes.
David Driscoll: Yes. So then if you add to that somewhere 13.7 million to 14 million gallons of E10, well, why would you not feel confident that we are not going to see a very tight balance in 2015 on ethanol supply and demand?
Juan Luciano: I do feel confident that we will see a tight balance. As I said, I don't think that all the plants will run at the rate that they were running in November  on a full-year basis. So the problem with ethanol, David, and this is the problem to model  and uncertainty sometimes around ethanol is that it moves during the year because of the gasoline consumption has a system. And obviously, our ability also to produce a max rate has a season as well. So sometimes those things  plants can produce at higher rates when people can drive less. And that produced a little bit of a spike of margin in the summer and a little bit of a drop of a margin as we get to the end of the year. But we continue to be positive about the overall balances in ethanol, David, yes.
David Driscoll: Okay. And then just my final question, and you answered this a little bit before, but I want to just be clear on something. This interaction between North American crush margin results and South American crush margin results, are you trying to draw a parallel here by saying that North American fourth quarter crush margins were particularly strong in part due to the weakness in South American farmer selling exports, et cetera? Are these two factors interrelated as kind of one gives to the other, or was there specific issues in your South American unit that are isolated, such that in a future period we could see both good results simultaneously in both geographies?
Juan Luciano: Yes. So let me split that question in two. On the impact of South America maybe not a lot of slow farmers selling or being a little bit delayed. We felt  we feel it two ways. One in better soy crush margins in Europe, not in North America. And we tried to shift during Q4 more crush from rapeseed into soy just because we didn't see that much meal coming to compete in Europe from South America. So you saw it that way. And also you could see it by having a longer export program in Q1 in North America, that is the way you see it. And to the second point of your question is absolutely we can see times in which both are doing very well. As I said, we have a lot of issues on our own in South America in this quarter, not only the farmer selling, but we have fertilizers and some other issues that we had there as well. So absolutely you could see both doing very well in another quarter.
Ray Young: In fact, David, you saw that last year. Last year's fourth quarter you actually saw South America do extremely well and North America do extremely well. This year we saw North America do extremely well; South America did not do as well. And frankly a lot of the things that occurred in South America was our own doing. So when I kind of look at the results I look at South America just a comparison of fourth quarter this year versus last year just directionally. There was about a $100 million swing in South America just because of factors that frankly we didn't help ourselves with. And so that just gives you an order of magnitude in terms of what the delta was in Q4 here related to South America.
David Driscoll: And then, guys, to tie it together, what you said in the press release in the  I don't know  second or third paragraph was that you expect South American Oilseeds will have higher returns in totality in 2015 versus 2014, correct?
Juan Luciano: Yes. That is correct.
David Driscoll: So then it sets up to be a very good year in Oilseeds and maybe this fourth quarter issue in South America is not what we should focus on, but rather the bigger picture of good strong tight balances within Oilseed Processing?
Juan Luciano: You got it, yes.
David Driscoll: Thank you. I will pass it along.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Juan Luciano: Hi, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: A lot of ground has been covered today, but I want a question on the cost savings and thinking about that 2015 bridge. The exceeding $400 million target in 2014, not a lot of that came through in the second half of the year because, if I recall correctly, it was the second quarter of 2014 where you increased that cost savings target. How should I think about the year-on-year increment of savings realized in 2015 versus what you actually flowed through the P&L in 2014?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think you should expect from these programs about $100 million going into 2015.
Adam Samuelson: And is that  to your earlier comment, is that mostly coming through in Corn  or at least Corn and Oilseeds are the majority but Corn the biggest one?
Juan Luciano: That is a general comment. I mean when we tried to assign that $100 million of course it applies. But don't hold me to it. I may update you later on that. And also, you have to offset some inflation obviously that we have every year. But yes, about $100 million should roll into 2015 out of our cost-saving programs.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That is very helpful. And then can you just help us think with WILD and the new business unit, the Specialty Ingredient business unit in total, how the reporting there is going to look in thinking about metrics? I mean this is  I mean revenues for your Company historically have not been a particularly meaningful metric. I think for that business unit it actually will. Can you help us think about the organic growth of volume and price mix that you would kind of think about on a run rate basis for that unit going forward?
Juan Luciano: Yes. We have been working on that, Adam, because, as you said so correctly, sometimes for Ingredients it should be revenue growth. But on the other hand, remember that this division is composed by $1 billion of WILD which reacts like you describe. But also $1.5 billion from products that we contributed, that some of them are soy proteins that when soy comes down sometimes we expand margins, but actually revenue goes down. So we are trying to come up with a good set of measurements that actually reflect the performance of the business without getting  without misleading people on that. So I think for a while it will be a combination of strong revenue growth, strong gains in some customers or maybe volumes and also returns, obviously. Margins are relatively healthy in that industry. So just percentage margins are not that important at that point, it is more about winning businesses.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, all right. Thanks very much.
Juan Luciano: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Massoud with Stifel. Your line is open.
Paul Massoud: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to get a better sense of what is being embedded in your ethanol assumptions. So specifically the ethanol export figure at 800 million gallon included in that is there an assumption out there that there is going to be lower exports out of say Brazil because of the higher blend rates that are going to occur down there this year? And so in effect you will be taking market share?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think that obviously Brazilians are trying to help the sugar mills in general and so more is going to be used internally at the same time that they are increasing gasoline prices. So we don't expect Brazil to be a competitor for exports out there. And it may be a recipient of some of the U.S. exports. So certainly we don't see Brazil at this point in time as a big threat.
Paul Massoud: Okay. And then just if we shifted slightly to the margin side of things, I mean we have seen this in the trade rags that China is looking for more DDGs. And so we've seen a recovery in those DDG prices. And so I guess I am wondering, Juan, when do you start to see those price increases in DDGs hit your drive mill margin specifically? And is that part of the assumption that you will see a margin recovery for that business?
Juan Luciano: Yes. They are  DDG prices, we are already there. I mean we have seen that increase. China has been taking DDGs for probably a month already. So we have seen that increase. We feel good about it.
Paul Massoud: Is there more upside --?
Juan Luciano: Sorry, it helps also the dynamics of soybean meal. As Soybean meal  as DDG been taken out of their domestic ration sometimes, so sorry, go ahead.
Paul Massoud: No. I was just curious if you thought the trajectory is still to the upside or are you effectively assuming that you are just going to hold steady where we are at now?
Juan Luciano: Well, I think there is still some upside to DDGs as well, yes.
Paul Massoud: Okay. And then one question on sorghum. I mean we've seen Chinese sorghum demand tick up pretty significantly here. Is that an area where you guys are participating in any material way?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Ag Services is a player as well in sorghum exports, yes.
Paul Massoud: Could you give us a sense of the percentage of volumes that sorghum accounts for and how that's kind of grown over the last couple of years?
Juan Luciano: I don't have it top of my head to be honest.
Paul Massoud: All right. No problem. I guess the last question I have got here is just sort of going to  going back to the Analyst Day. I mean you talked about Ag Services shifting focus from port of export to the end-user. So I was just curious what your current philosophy is on energy hedging, whether or not you have got hedges on the books now. I know you've got ships out there. And so I assume that there is some commodity price that you are hedged at. But how do you see that evolving over time as you make that transition over the next few years?
Ray Young: I think on energy hedging, I mean we really don't really hedge  talking about crude oil hedge or bunker oil hedges, we really don't do much of that.
Paul Massoud: So there are no fuel cost hedges for ships then I guess?
Juan Luciano: No. We hedge mostly natural gas which is the big input for ethanol. That is where we hedge and where there is a very good market for that.
Paul Massoud: Okay. Thanks for the questions.
Juan Luciano: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Janney Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Eric Larson: Hi, good morning, everyone. I will be relatively quick. Can you hear me?
Juan Luciano: Sure, Eric.
Eric Larson: Okay. Can I get a quick flavor? You mentioned earlier in your comments, Juan, in prepared comments, about you really had really pretty good basis capture in soybeans in the fourth quarter, probably pretty near to ideal type conditions. And clearly you probably had near ideal conditions for transportation revenues. But Corn was certainly suboptimal. I mean I don't think any of us would have predicted what happened with Corn and that fourth quarter. But looking to the fourth quarter of this year, taking those two complexes together, is there the ability to improve basis capture and just assume a normal crop, a normal harvest? Was there anything so extraordinary in the soybean structure this year that it would be hard to repeat that next year? Or this year, excuse me, in 2015?
Juan Luciano: So you  sorry, let me clarify your question. You said that if we can repeat our performance of this Q4 in next Q4 given the --?
Eric Larson: Yes. Well, given particularly the strength probably in the soybean side. I realize that Corn was probably suboptimal, but is it a repeatable performance next year  this year versus what you had last year?
Juan Luciano: I think so. Listen, I  you can see the strength of the way our team played with these conditions. Last year we made it more into the summer and this year we have a great performance now into the winter. So every year there is a picking which you make the profit given the market conditions. And I think that the team adjusts to that. But we see no reason for which not being able to repeat this next Q4.
Eric Larson: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up on all of that. Looking forward, talking about overall demand and looking at demand into next year, is there sufficient demand to let's say if you had a normal crop year to reduce our carryovers in crops next year? Or should we gradually see a little bit of a build here in our Corn and Soybean carryovers given the strength of the U.S. dollar particularly? And I guess the only offsetting factor, particularly like in Corn, there is always talk that China could be a 20 million to 25 million metric ton buyer that crops up all the time. Any comments on the demand side on that function? And it seems to me that the general direction of Corn and maybe Soybeans over the next 12 months, a year from now I would expect those complexes to be lower, but I am interested in your thoughts.
Ray Young: I mean I think demand  I mean, if you looked at trend lines in demand, they continue to be very positive whether it be corn, soybean or meal around the world. So nothing fundamentally has changed in terms of our long-term assessment of continued demand growth for these agricultural products. As you know, we have actually had pretty favorable supply conditions over the past couple of years. And as you know, weather it is a factor. So when you ask the question about what carry out in the future will be, we feel pretty good about the demand side. In the supply-side there are definitely weather aberrations somewhere around the world, which will impact the supply-side and that will have an impact on carry out. But generally speaking, we feel that we are in a pretty good environment right now in terms of just general global supply/demand balances and frankly, subdued commodity prices into soft goods.
Juan Luciano: But if you look, Eric, also  if you look at the overall production and planted area around the world, it continues to grow and it's been growing for a while and it will have to continue to grow as we need to feed the growing population. So we continue to see this 3%, 4% increase that Ray has just described. And I think that we will have to count with the favorable weather to continue with this. But we foresee stable crop prices let's say going forward.
Eric Larson: Okay. Stable crop prices? Okay. And is there any window for China to be a 25 million metric ton buyer anytime soon of U.S. corn?
Juan Luciano: Oh, hard to say, Eric. I don't know if I can answer with any  I mean it is just speculation to be honest at this point.
Eric Larson: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: As there are no further questions, I would like to turn the call back over to Juan Luciano.
Juan Luciano: Okay. We thank you very much for participating and see you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Christina Hahn  VP, IR Pat Woertz  Chairman and CEO Ray Young  SVP and CFO Juan Luciano  President and COO
Analysts:  Kenneth Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets Tim Tiberio  Miller Tabak Michael Piken  Cleveland Research Ann Duignan  JP Morgan Farha Aslam  Stephens Inc David Driscoll  Citi Research Robert Moskow  Crdit Suisse Adam Samuelson  Goldman Sachs Diane Geissler  CLSA Eric Larson  Janney Capital Markets Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Companys Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Christina Hahn, Vice President of Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. Hahn, you may begin.
Christina Hahn: Thanks Stephanie. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the companys Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect managements current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its report on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On todays call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Our President and Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review the drivers of our operations performance in the quarter and provide an update on actions that are improving returns. Then they will take your questions. Please now turn to Slide 3. Ill now turn the call over to Pat.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone to our third quarter conference call. This morning we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.81, and adjusted segment operating profit1 of $914 million. Our net earnings were $747 million, or $1.14 per share. Segment operating profit1 was $1.07 billion. The team delivered very strong results in the third quarter and made significant progress improving earnings and returns. Corn Processing managed their product mix to serve good demand and optimize margins. Continued improvement in international merchandising results supported the ongoing recovery of Ag Services. And Oilseeds Processing again delivered solid results overall, benefiting from good demand and its diverse footprint and product portfolio. We also continued to advance our portfolio management. Since the beginning of the third quarter, we signed a deal to sell our global chocolate business; we reached an agreement to acquire Specialty Commodities Incorporated; and we completed our acquisition of WILD Flavors. In mid-October, we completed our previously announced buyback of 18 million shares, and that is ahead of our year-end target. Given the strength of our balance sheet and our strong cash flows, we expect to repurchase up to 10 million more shares by the end of 2014. Now, Ill turn the call over to Ray.
Ray Young: Thanks Pat, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.81 per share compared to $0.47 last year. Excluding specified items and also excluding net timing effects, adjusted segment operating profit was $914 million, up $282 million or nearly 45% from last year. The effective tax rate for the third quarter was 28% compared to 32% in the third quarter of the prior year. We had some favorable book tax adjustments, about $36 million in aggregate this third quarter, which helped which helped lower the tax rate versus last year. Looking forward into the fourth quarter, we expect our effective tax rate to be about 30%. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 8.5%, improved from the 7.7% at the end of the second quarter and also significantly improved by 280 basis points from the 5.7% at the end of the third quarter last year. The 8.5% adjusted ROIC is above our 6.4% annual WACC for 2014, as well as our long-term WACC of 8% as reflected in the graph on Slide 18 in the appendix. Our objective remains to earn 200 basis points over WACC. In the third quarter, our trailing four-quarter average EVA was $553 million based upon adjusted earnings and the annual WACC. On Chart 17 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $1.14 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.81 per share. For this quarter, LIFO represented a $315 million pretax credit or $0.30 per share after-tax as commodity prices significantly decreased through the quarter. We also incurred a charge of $102 million pretax or about $0.10 per share related to the hedging of the anticipated euro cash outflows related to the equity purchase of WILD Flavors. The euro depreciated significantly in September thereby creating losses on these hedges. However, economically compared to when ADM signed the purchase agreement on July 5, ADMs total purchase price of the equity was $114 million lower net of these hedging losses, benefiting from the overall depreciation of the euro. In the quarter, we also booked $156 million pretax gain or about $0.15 per share related to the expansion of the ADM-Marubeni joint venture. Lastly, our income tax expense for the quarter includes a charge of $0.02 per share to bring year-to-date tax expense in line with the latest anticipated tax rate for the full-year. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. I would like to highlight some unique or specified items in the operating results. Juans discussion of the operating results will exclude the specified items and net timing effects, so that you can understand the underlying trends in the business. In this third quarter, hedge timing effects were generally small in cocoa and in corn. It did not have any significant impact on our results. In Ag Services, I referenced earlier the $156 million booked gain. We converted our 45% equity interest in the Kalama Export Company joint venture in the Pacific Northwest with Marubeni into a 30% equity interest into a new larger Pacificor joint venture that succeeded the Kalama JV. The non-cash book gain is generated from the estimated values of the additional assets contributed by Marubeni into the larger Pacificor JV for additional shares, which resulted in a dilution of ADMs equity interest from 45% to 32%. Final valuations of the assets being contributed with occur in the fourth quarter, and to the extent there is any material changes in this final valuation from the preliminary valuation, there would be a true-up in the fourth quarter results. So the difference between our adjusted operating profit of $914 million and the segment operating profit of $1.07 billion is primarily just book gain. In the corporate lines, net interest expense was down due to significantly lower debt levels. Unallocated corporate costs were slightly higher due to various projects including our ERP project that was initiated earlier this year. Other charges were significantly higher due primarily to the $102 million realized loss on foreign exchange hedges on the WILD equity purchase that I referred to earlier. As I indicated, our overall purchase price in U.S. dollar terms was $114 million lower, net of these hedge losses. A minority interest in other was significantly higher after absorbing $56 million of net losses or about $0.09 per share after-tax booked in this quarter related to updated valuations of the portfolio investments at CIP, a joint venture which targets investments in food, feed ingredients and bioproducts businesses, in which ADM holds a 43.7% equity interest. And just for clarity, we did not add back this $0.09 per share charge to our adjusted EPS. Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 6. We present here the cash flow statement for the nine months ending September 30, 2014, compared to the same period in the prior year. We generated just over $1.9 billion from operations before working capital changes in the first nine months of 2014, compared to $1.4 billion last year. Working capital changes were source of $2.5 billion so far this year, compared to a source of $3.4 billion last year. Total capital spending for the nine months was slightly above $600 million, which is lower than our 2013 spend of $694 million, including small acquisitions. We indicated in early July with the announcement of the larger transaction, that we will be reducing the capital spending in 2014 to about $900 million before the ERP program expenditures, down from our original $1.4 billion plan. After changes in working capital and investments, our free cash flow for the first nine months was about $3.8 billion. In February, our $1.15 billion convertible debt matured and we paid down this debt, contributing to our overall debt reduction so far this year. In the first nine months of this year, we spent about $700 million to repurchase about 16 million shares, and we paid out $470 million in common dividends. So far in the first nine months, we returned about $1.2 billion to shareholders. We finished out the quarter with 653 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis and 650 million basic shares. In the month of October, with the pull back in the equity markets, we completed the repurchase of the 18 million shares we had originally targeted at the beginning of the year. Slide 7 shows the highlights for our balance sheet as of September 30 for both 2014 and 2013. Cash on hand was approximately $4.9 billion, up $1.4 billion from last year. Our operating working capital of $8.2 billion was down $2.2 billion from the year-ago period. This decrease was comprised of about $1 billion related to lower inventory prices and about $0.2 billion related to lower inventory quantities, and a decrease of about $1 billion in other working capital items. Total debt was about $5.5 billion, resulting in a net debt balance that is debt less cash, of $0.7 billion, down significantly from the 2013 net debt level of $3.4 billion. Our shareholders equity of $20.3 billion is $0.7 billion higher than the level last year. We had $6.9 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of September. If you add the available cash, we had access to almost $12 billion of liquidity. As you know, we closed on the WILD acquisition on October 1, with a total cash outflow net of hedge losses of about $2.9 billion. We were able to finance the acquisition using our existing liquidity and financing lines. Earlier, we indicated that we completed the purchase of our 18 million shares of ADM stock in the month of October. In view of this strong balance sheet position in cash flow generation, we intend to continue with our opportunistic stock repurchases in the month of November and December, buying back up to 10 million more shares. We are working through our four business plans at present and we will more to say about our future capital allocation philosophy and capital allocation plans at our upcoming Investor Day. Next, Juan will take us through an operational review of the quarter. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. And thank you all for joining us this morning. Please turn to Slide 8. I will start with segment operating profit and then move on to discuss the three major segments. Our underlying segment operating profit has improved sequentially each quarter of this year. In the third quarter, it increased 12% from the second quarter. On a year-over-year basis, significant improvements in Corn and Ag Services drove an overall increase of 45%. In each quarter of this year, the team has delivered year-over-year improvements in segment operating profit. Ill walk through our third quarter results now. Starting on Slide 9, the oilseeds team delivered another solid quarter, with ample crop availability and a strong demand, European rapeseed crushing led a significant improvement in the softseed crushing globally. In soybean crushing, South American and European operations ran hard amid improved margins. In North America, the tight all crop being carried out led to record crush margins in the third quarter. Lower global commodity prices reduced third quarter farmer selling in South America, limiting origination volumes there. In Europe, with vegetable oils low-cost relatively to other energy sources, we had good biodiesel capacity utilization and improved margins during the quarter. The cocoa team ran assets harder in the improved margin environment and our results from Asia reflected weaker second quarter by Wilmar. Please turn now to Slide 10. The Corn Processing team delivered yet another strong quarter. Towards the end of the quarter, the seasonal decline in U.S. gasoline demand drove ethanol inventories higher and industry margins lower. Our flex capacity gave us opportunities to run different product mixes and to maximize overall margins. Corn-based ethanol is still the lowest cost obtaining enhance around the market and exports remain strong. The sweeteners and starches team continued to optimize their product, plans and customer mix and leveraged swing capacity to optimize returns. While selling prices were lower as expected, volumes remained steady. Our focused supply chain and cost management actions and our flexible business model, help us capture improve margins. Our work to diversify our grain into more stable and higher value earnings streams is delivering results. Turn to Slide 11 please. In the third quarter, Ag Services results improved as the team managed the transition between crops. In the U.S., we saw the normal decline in grain exports in July and August. With the start of the harvest, volumes picked up in September with near record volumes on all commodities out of the Gulf. The international merchandizing team delivered significant improvements in nearly all regions and products, as we continued to see the benefits of the Toepfer integration. In transportation, as the U.S. Midwest replenished salt and fertilizer inventories, our barge freight business saw about 20% year-over-year increase in northbound loads and higher average freight rates. And our trucking teams saw volumes and rate increase as they helped ADM operations and third-party customers manage through a challenging U.S. logistics environment. Milling results were down this quarter relatively to a year-ago, due to a mix of factors resulting in lower margins. Now on Slide 12, we wanted to briefly update you on our actions that are driving improved returns. We focused, as you know, those efforts in a few areas; strengthening the business, managing our portfolio and growing the business. In the area of strengthening the business, we remain on-track to achieve our total of $400 million in ongoing cost savings by the end of the year. In the area of managing our portfolio, we completed the acquisition of WILD Flavors adding to our offering, one of the worlds leading suppliers of natural ingredients to the food and beverage industries. Our new business unit, Wild Flavors and Specialty Ingredients, will begin reporting on January 1. We further expanded our specialty ingredients portfolio with an agreement to purchase Specialty Commodities Incorporated, a leading originator processor and distributor of healthy ingredients including nuts, fruits, seeds, legumes and ancient grains. We strengthened our export capabilities via the U.S. Pacific Northwest converting our ownership stake in a single export terminal in Kalama Washington into a stake in a new larger joint venture called Pacificor that includes the second export terminal in Portland, Oregon. We also reached an agreement to sell our global chocolate business to Cargill, and we are on-track to close that sale in the first half of 2015. The sale of our South American fertilizer business to Mosaic is set to close by the end of this year. And last week, we changed the name of our Golden Peanut business to Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts, as we announced the acquisition of Harrell Nut Company, one of the largest sellers and processors of pecans in the United States. Now moving on to our efforts to improve returns by growing the business. Construction continues in our sweetener and fiber plants in Tianjin, China; our feed premix plant in Nanjing, China; and our specialty protein complex in Campo Grande, Brazil. The expansion of our Fibersol production capacity in Clinton, Iowa, is on schedule to be operational in mid-2015. As part of the consolidation and efficiency plan, we opened an addition to our flour mill at Beech Grove, Indiana, making that facility the third largest flour mill in the United States. This addition replaced less-efficient capacity that we have shuttered and our Non-GMO lecithin project in Hamburg, Germany and Latur, India, should be operational in April and July respectively. So as you can see, this was a very active quarter for the team. We continue making progress strengthening the business and that progress is reflected in our returns. Pat?
Pat Woertz: Turning to Slide 13 before we start Q&A. Thank you, Juan. Listening to that long list of activities this quarter that Juan just outlined, I reflect that for the past many quarters how focused weve been on actions to improve earnings and returns. And in this quarter on, many portfolio changes. And also we moved and opened a new global headquarters and customers center. The risk is during times like these that our teams becomes distracted or results slip. I am so proud of this team. They didnt miss the beat with focus and discipline delivering very strong results during a very busy quarter. With that operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kenneth Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Just a couple of questions. One is can you talk about your results in high-fructose corn syrup, that kind of exceeded our expectations. I didnt know, if how much of that is repeatable, how you kind of think about it with just your intellectual capital to just no at a price of corn side of it. Can you just give us a heads up on that?
Juan Luciano: Sure, Ken. Good morning. This is Juan. As you said, very good results in sweeteners and starches. The volumes were steady driven by pretty much stronger domestic shipments and volume also from other products. Your heard us saying before that weve diversified to other products. So we saw corn syrup, we saw dextrose volumes going up. And the Mexican volume, as weve been reporting, has been down but better than expected. The demand there remains stronger than anticipated. So with our ability to flex capacity and optimize transportation and optimize product mix, we continue to see results in sweeteners and the starches that are exceeding our own expectations to be honest, our own forecasts.
Kenneth Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: And do you expect this to be repeatable? Is this something that is an ongoing trend, or is this something that was specific to the quarter?
Juan Luciano: No, I think that this is driven by the improvements that our team is doing in managing this. So you know, Q4 is seasonally a little bit lower from a demand perspective, but we expect these results to continue in the future.
Kenneth Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Great. And I have to ask the same question I probably ask every single time, but I got to ask anyway. If I think about your earnings power back to those couple of years where  the three or four years that you were in $3 of earnings, can you  and youve cut down costs by about $400 million which is about $0.40, youre buying back stock another $0.03, youre making acquisitions, youre deploying capital. Is there a framework besides the 200 basis points upon return on investment capital, that kind of can get us closer to what you kind of think will be your earnings power over the next  again year to three years and the progression of that?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think as you described, weve done a bulk of things trying to improve returns. And I think that a lot of them are in the process of being executed, as you see some of the portfolio management are in the process of being close those transactions. Some of the operational improvements are already rolling into the bottom line and will continue to do so. And then there are some things that are, were going to experience for the first time probably like Ag Services and running our assets at full utilization based on this new record crop that we will have in the United States. So I think that we are gathering all that information to determine a little bit what is our next  our new level of earnings power. But we are as encouraged as your comments are, in terms of all the things that were doing to get the company better and the returns.
Kenneth Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Will we hear from you on a little bit more specifics at the Analyst Day?
Juan Luciano: You will hear from me on the Analysts Day. Thats for sure. Yes, we will provide a little bit more in the Analyst Day.
Kenneth Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak. Your line is open.
Tim Tiberio  Miller Tabak: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Juan, looking at the large size of the crop, I know the harvesting progress has been a bit behind the schedule, but at this point, is there any reason why we should not think that Ag Services could be back to normalized levels, or if not even greater, at this point?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Tim. As you said, the harvest is progressing normally. I will say normally for soybean, a little bit maybe behind for corn. So we are very optimistic about the first part of the harvest. We are very optimistic about the results we are seeing right now in Ag Services, and we expect very good result for Ag Services going forward, yes.
Tim Tiberio  Miller Tabak: And would you expect that maybe the mix shifts a little bit more towards ADM making more money on storage versus transportation and logistics?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think the grain business will pick-up versus this quarter. This quarter was basically, the performance was driven very much by a strong international merchandizing and transportation, but grain obviously July and August, we didnt have much movement. So yes, we expect grain results to pick-up in Q4.
Tim Tiberio  Miller Tabak: Okay. And then just lastly, weve seen quite a spike in soy meal, there has been some speculation around logistics being difficult for livestock producers, there is also been some questions around quality of the actual protein in the soy meal. Can you kind of give us your thoughts of how  what ADM is seeing in the market, how youre positioned logistically. And whether you expect this to be, both, an opportunity or a challenge for the business into Q4?
Juan Luciano: Sure. So we always refer, Tim, to the footprint that we have in both of our businesses  in the processing businesses in corn and soybeans or oilseeds. And this is another example in which the soybean footprint that we have given us great access to soybean. So from an inbound freight perspective, we dont rely that much on rail and that has been most of the problem in the U.S. So we rely a lot on trucking. So we havent had a lot of problems in getting beans into our plants. Obviously we knew that logistics problems could happen in Q3 and Q4, so we have prepared for that. So I will say no problems coming in. Coming out, we also  as I said, we prepare so we havent seen any problems. Weve been able to deliver to our customers as per schedule. And this is where some of our previous investments in transportation in all the modes of transportations are paying off. And I think the pipeline was empty, and we knew that it was going to be transition to refill that pipeline. It was a little bit of maybe panic selling from some of the customers at one point in time. We think that that has subsided now. And so we think we transition into the new crop. But all in all, I would say that the transportation team and the oilseed teams have performed very well, have plants running at high capacity, and actually customers very well supplied. So all in all, I think we have a great team doing pretty well there.
Tim Tiberio  Miller Tabak: Thanks Juan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken  Cleveland Research: Yes, good morning. Couple of questions on ethanol. The margins had been quite solid and there has been obviously pretty big seasonal sell-off kind of post-Labor Day, but as you kind of look out into 2015, what do you think is the effective operating capacity for total U.S. production?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Michael, as you said, margins were very good during the quarter and then they drop as driving miles came reduced after the summer. So what we see for 2015 is pretty much something relatively similar to what we saw in 2014, because weve seen actually about the same amount of export capacity, so in the range of 800 million gallon to maybe a billion gallon. And then about the same domestic demand, so maybe 13.5 something in that range. So we expect 14.3 or something in that range for total production on an estimated capacity out there, something in the range of 14.5 to 14.7 depending on how much that capacity is actually running.
Michael Piken  Cleveland Research: Okay. And can you give us any sense for kind of how far youre hedged along in 4Q at this point?
Juan Luciano: Yes, in any particular quarter we go sometimes between 25% and 75%. So I would say a little bit under 50% maybe.
Michael Piken  Cleveland Research: Okay, great. And then what are your thoughts on specifically the exports to Brazil in next couple of months?
Juan Luciano: Listen, Brazil is having a lot of movements at this point in time. You see, they approved increasing the blending grades to 27.5%. We have been able, as an industry, to diversify very much the sources of our exports. So its going to Canada, Mexico, Middle East, Asia, and sometimes to Brazil. So were now very dependent on Brazil. So we feel pretty good about the sustainability of our exports. Our own export program is very strong from Q4 and extends well into 2015. So we feel good about it.
Michael Piken  Cleveland Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Hi good morning.
Juan Luciano: Hello Ann.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Can you talk a little bit about  you noted that you expect the meal demand to pick-up domestically in the quarter. Whats going to drive that pick-up in demand? And then what are you seeing out there from DDGs in terms of competition with meal?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think we saw  as I said before, the pipeline was a little bit empty. We still see strong demand domestically and for exports for meal in the United States. DDGs are finding their way into the market by pricing themselves into the market. We havent seen a lot of impact yet in to soybean meal to be honest. Our book continues to be very solid for the few coming months. So we expect, Ann, crushing margins to be strong this quarter and weigh into late Q1. As we see Brazil maybe having a little bit of late planting, we might have a little bit more of a tail U.S. exporting late into Q1 next year.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Okay, thank you. And then just from a modeling perspective, how should we model WILD Flavors for this upcoming quarter? I know it will be a separate segment I think you said from the start of next year, but just from a modeling perspective, how should we think about it this quarter?
Ray Young: Ann, its Ray here. So youll find  well report WILD as part of the other segment as we kind of go through the transition this fourth quarter and setting up the fourth business unit. And so I expect that were going to have a lot of transaction closing costs related to WILD. And so those types of transaction costs will kind of offset some of the operating profits that WILD will generate. So Id say that for the fourth quarter for modeling purposes, you should view as fairly immaterial. Frankly, were going to have a good start from January 1 with the fourth segment, and I just encourage you to start modeling the fourth segment modeling the WILD effective January 1.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Okay, thanks. And then just finally, a quick follow-up on ethanol. Whats your outlook for margins going forward, given oil prices in where they are trending?
Juan Luciano: Yes. Ethanol margins basically were pretty healthy in Q3 and then they dropped significantly as inventories climbed, but you see that the industry is behaving a little bit different now maybe better supply/demand fundamentals. And the inventory is starting to correct. And weve seen that correction and that reduction in October. And margins have since the end of September actually improved a little bit. So we expect some of these volatility that we described before to continue but its been  the industry is behaving in a much better way this year than we saw for example last year.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: So margins steady to down maybe just on lower oil prices. Is that the right way to think about it?
Juan Luciano: I think if you think versus Q3, margins will be softer than Q3.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you. Ill get back in queue.
Juan Luciano: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc. Your line is open.
Farha Aslam  Stephens Inc: Hi good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Farha.
Ray Young: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam  Stephens Inc: Just kind of a big picture question. Weve seen a lot of FX movements around the world recently. I was just wondering, how does ADM manage through that? Are these positives or negatives with your expanded international footprint?
Ray Young: Farha, its Ray here. Whats interesting is in the third quarter with all the movements of FX, the actual translation impact for this company was less than $5 million unfavorable. So you can tell that, we actually have a fairly balanced footprint. As you know, we hedge generally transactional exposures, but we also have a fairly balanced cost and revenue footprint as well. So generally speaking, whenever you see the volatility of the FX occur, you dont usually see us reporting FX as being a major driver of our profitability.
Farha Aslam  Stephens Inc: Okay, so a little impact. And then when we look at the timing of crops and the opportunities of crop availability, the U.S. harvest is coming in a little late. Does that affect and push out earnings from the fourth quarter into the March quarter, just to start with the U.S., sorry  is that how we should think about it, or are you seeing just rate bases opportunities in the U.S. in Ag Services?
Juan Luciano: Farha, this is Juan. We still see very good opportunities for Q4 for Ag Services. Its still probably too early to call that some will overspill into Q1.
Farha Aslam  Stephens Inc: Okay. And then just going down to Brazil and Argentina. Have the farmers in Argentina started to sell any movements on that. And then in Brazil, if you could just provide us an update on sort of crush opportunities in Brazil and export opportunities there?
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say in Argentina, the farmers sold a little bit with all these rally in soybeans, but they still hold maybe 18 million tonnes of soybeans over there of crops. So nothing materially has changed, although weve seen a little bit more movement. A little bit the same in Brazil. You know in our remarks, we highlighted the lack of farmers selling in Brazil. We saw recently over the last few days, up until the elections a little bit of a better selling, but still reluctant seller  still way behind last year in terms of selling. In terms of exports from Brazil. Brazil, due to the big inverse exported very early on into the season. So there is not much to export now. So we are watching the planting and the growing next.
Farha Aslam  Stephens Inc: Great. And my final question relates to ethanol and Mexico. You highlighted, Juan, the octane value ethanol. Are you seeing Mexico potentially increase the amount of ethanol it takes from the U.S. simply as an octane and do you see ethanol replacing MTBE in Mexico over the long-term?
Juan Luciano: Yes, as you described we have seen markets after markets changing away from MTBE. Obviously Mexico is one of those markets that are still in MTBE. So we see that as a potential opportunity ahead of us, sure.
Farha Aslam  Stephens Inc: Okay, great. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Youre welcome.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Farha.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. Your line is open.
David Driscoll  Citi Research: Thank you and good morning.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, David.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll  Citi Research: I wanted to follow-on some of these ethanol questions. In the fourth quarter, Juan, you mentioned that you had about 50% in the business hedged. Is it fair to say that they were hedged at rates similar to the third quarter and that other 50% is just exposed to kind of the current trends?
Juan Luciano: Theyll be David. Yes, when we hedged an asset under 50%. So when we hedge obviously is because we thought that those margins were appropriate to and were attractive to be hedged. And we expect the rest of the Q4 to be, as I said before, a little bit lower than Q3. Margins have recovered some, but they are not of the same quality of early in Q3.
David Driscoll  Citi Research: A question here on oil prices and ethanol. The volatility on oil has been significant, and it has changed the complexion of ethanol. Is there anything that you can do to hedge the risk of a significant oil price decline? I mean there is a number of banks that are calling for a potentially significant decline in oil mid-part of 2015. And I am just wondering if this is a risk that it could at least  can you guys hedge that to some degree to prevent any really bad scenarios from transpiring within ethanol?
Juan Luciano: Obviously the thing is, its working very hard in scenario management and devising of options going forward. Brent, which is the big driver for our exports, if you will, is still at $82, and $82 ethanol still does very well. So we have still not at that point, but certainly we always do scenario management for much lower oil prices. So too early to tell what we can do, but we are developing options, yes.
David Driscoll  Citi Research: All right. Two final follow-ups on this one. So if ethanol is doing so well in its comparison to gasoline, why dont you have a more optimistic forecast on 2015 ethanol exports? And I dont mean this too critically. I mean quite frankly, I puzzle over this myself, why is it the export forecasts stronger given ethanols comparison to gasoline. Why isnt the ethanol industry at large, not just ADM, why arent we seeing just like significant expansions so we get to kind of max capacity in play with the residual being exported?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think developing export markets take time. Sometimes people also  customers want to make sure that they have security of supply before incorporating or changing their formulas. So we see the growth David. And if you heard my comments, I referred to $800 million to $1 billion. This year were going to be $800 million. So we are thinking about maybe 25% increase from next year, which is not un-significant. So obviously I would like to see it $1.5 billion and we will drive to try to do that. But we think that it continues to climb, and its  the U.S. becomes a more regular and reliable supplier of global markets. So at this oil prices, we continue to see export growing, lets put it that way.
David Driscoll  Citi Research: If I could sneak a final question in on the transport side, because you have the barge network and you own so much rail, can you guys just answer directly, are rail bottlenecks fundamentally positive or negative for ADM? I feel like depending on which part of your business I look at, I can almost come out to any answer. So I think we need some guidance from you on saying if this winner is just a mess, does ADM come out a winner because you guys just have this amazing transportation network in the United States, and that net-net turns out positive for you. Is that reasonable, or is that just the wrong way to think about it?
Juan Luciano: I think the way wed like to think about it is the net positive for our customers, because they would always get supplied. And I think that overall its a competitive advantage of ADM. So I would say relatively to others, I think its a positive.
David Driscoll  Citi Research: Thank you. Ill pass it along.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow  Crdit Suisse: Hi there. I wanted to ask about your Analyst Day. And I think the last time we met, Pat, I think you were talking more optimistically or at least looking ahead at possibly giving a bottom range of earnings guidance, kind of like some way of looking at 15 earnings in new terms, maybe at least $3 or at least some number. I want to know if youre still thinking about that as a way of giving guidance going forward. And also I think you were really thinking about the ethanol business as being a much more predictable type of business, more stable, now that capacity has kind of leveled off and corn is cheap. So whats happened in the oil markets changed your thinking at all on the predictability of corn processing, and then how you would communicate to the street? Thanks.
Pat Woertz: Yes, maybe starting with the later, Rob, and then to your first question. On ethanol business, I think we still believe and do believe that there is more stability, albeit some volatility expected in the future. And the stability comes from the strength of the behavior in the market where producers are, sort of a balance of supply and demand, and that exports continue as, Juan described a moment ago, exports do continue to grow. And the competitiveness of ethanol with Alkylat, [indiscernible] MTBE, the whole laundry list of oxygen components that ethanol truly is the most economically competitive. So while one of the scenarios that people push of, what are the puts and takes here or what are the bear case or bull case, crude oil prices have been somewhat stable in that $100 range for four years. So kind of the scenario of generally more stable oil prices was a much more stable ethanol environment. I think the fact that oil prices are more volatile maybe than anyone predicted just several months ago, does mean there is more scenario planning here, but I think the option for ethanol business to be more stable this year than last, next year than this etcetera, still stands because of the supply and demand situation. Your question about our opportunities to describe a little more in detail on Investor Day some of our outlooks. We are very encouraged about 2015 relative to recent years, so well look probably at that time on some of the drivers on 2015 and the strengths, and sort of again the puts and takes, the improvements were making in the business and the categories that Juan talked about, whether it be improvement in the business, the portfolio changes and the investments to grow. So I think stay tuned for our Investor Day to have more outlook on that. Capital allocation and resource allocation will be another thing. Well try to put a little more meat on the bones because were just in the process of looking forward for our business plans as we speak.
Robert Moskow  Crdit Suisse: Thats very helpful. Thanks. A follow-up. Im still little unclear on sweeteners and starches and how it reported such a good quarter based on mix. What part of the mix are you emphasizing? Is it the starches specifically? And I think Ken already asked this question, but can we point again to another strong fourth quarter as this mix effort continues?
Juan Luciano: Rob, no, I think its more on the alternative sweeteners, other sweeteners like corn syrups or dextrose or things like that. And listen, it doesnt take much because we have swing capacity with ethanol and we have swing capacity with other 20-something products. So what we do is to manage all that and also our customer base to optimize the whole business. So but I think fundamentally whats probably happening is that demand was a little bit stronger than probably everybody anticipated in this quarter, both domestically and on exports. So when we see at Q4, although the strength of sweeteners and starches as a business will continue, we see a little bit lower volumes from normal seasonality perspective as we grow into the winter.
Robert Moskow  Crdit Suisse: Okay. Thank you so much.
Juan Luciano: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning everyone. A little bit of a longer term question given the performance in 3Q, the outlook for pretty strong kind of market environment in 4Q in entering 2015, trying to think about the areas of the business where the returns have really not recovered yet. And I would imagine, Ag Services would be in that bucket, but some good confidence that inflects in 2015. Clearly ethanol has gotten better this year. Asia is probably been challenged with Wilmar with oilseeds crush in China, but maybe walk us through the parts of the portfolio where you the see the most opportunity for returns improvement going forward, maybe outside of kind of the core U.S. merchandizing piece to think about opportunities for earnings growth in 15 and beyond?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Adam, Juan here. Listen, if I have to rank what is the biggest opportunity for improvement in returns, its probably related to our participation in South America through oilseeds. This year has been very poor in terms of farmers selling and our earnings had been subdued there because of that. So we dont expect that to repeat every year, and we think that thats an opportunity ahead of us for improvement. As we described, Ag Services, I think we see that given the high operating environment, theyre going to face. And I would say the other businesses that we have publicly said that we trying to recover, is the cocoa business, which is a business that we are very hard to improve returns after the divestiture of chocolate. So those are probably the two areas that could see a more significant improvement next year, or in years to come.
Adam Samuelson  Goldman Sachs: And on the point on South America on the farmers selling, is that something where you see the opportunity is really beginning in 4Q, or you think this is really going to be not till the next crop comes in before the opportunities reemerge?
Juan Luciano: I think  personally I think its more Q1 phenomenon than Q4.
Adam Samuelson  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thats helpful. And then maybe a question for Ray on some of the growth investments. I know you started  you kind of listed through them quickly on the Slide 12, but help us think about the amount of capital thats going  thats employed on some of these growth projects that starts to come into  that starts running a return in 15 and how much is left to earn in 16?
Ray Young: Yes, lot of the  when we talk about the $0.9 billion in CapEx for this calendar year, a lot of it actually incorporates many of these investments, for example our China investments. Were close to completion of that. Thats built into our capital budget, some of the premix investments. And the Brazil investments are going to spread out over a couple of years. So generally the way you look at it is that through really a very good capital discipline in reducing the amount of, lets say, capital being spent on say maintenance activity, we may able to redeploy a lot of this stuff into growth. So going forward in order to finance this stuff, there was probably going to be increase in terms of the amount of CapEx that we would have, but its not going to be materially relative to our depreciation and amortization rates.
Adam Samuelson  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thats helpful. Maybe just a last quick from me. The Q4 thoughts on working capital, I mean obviously very large harvest, Id imagine the volume opportunities in the U.S. are sizable. How should we think about the cash used for working capital in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Ray Young: You should expect an increase in terms of the use of working capital, but again, prices have come down generally compared to last year. And hence therefore, the net increase in terms of dollar value terms is not going to that dramatic. And based upon the balance sheet that we have that will be easily financeable.
Adam Samuelson  Goldman Sachs: All right, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. Your line is open.
Diane Geissler  CLSA: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Diane.
Juan Luciano: Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler  CLSA: So I wanted to ask about basis opportunities. I think you touched on it with regard to some of the freight issues that weve seen. I guess I look at corn prices today and they are a little bit higher than I would have thought they should be given the size of the crop, and I think obviously the lateness of the crop and maybe some of the freight issues that are baked into that price. So I guess my question is really not speaking directly to your rail hedges or whatever, but just your ability to sort of source material in the upper Midwest and maybe a market environment where flow of the product isnt as seamless as some of the end-users would like it to be. Can you talk a little bit about how you would be positioned in that kind of market given your asset base?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Diane, listen. Obviously, weve been looking at that for a long time, and we have been preparing for these tight rail environment. So I think the guys have been doing an incredible work of sourcing product from all the locations. We feel very good going into this harvest. We feel we are executing very well at this point in time. Transportation is working very, very close with the businesses, both the grain business and the corn and soybean business. So thats where we do and thats where the team excel at when there are these difficulties. So I think that you could be assured that we will, in that sense, maximize the basis opportunities and we will continue to keep our customers and our plants supplied. So we have not had  we were reflecting yesterday that these transportation questions started to fill a little bit like the Ukraine question that everybody is expecting something to happen, and for us has been normal so far. And for us, we cannot report any issues that have impacted our earnings because of transportation issues so far. Are they going to become worse coming out? Yes, probably. The weather is going to become worse as we get into the winter and think they are going to become more complicated. But its hard to point out at this point in time in Q3 and maybe so far in Q4 any issue that we have had related to that.
Diane Geissler  CLSA: Well, I guess what was behind my question is really it could potentially be a big benefit for you if youre able to source the material and store it in light of bottlenecks within the transportation system depending on how desperate farmers are to sell at todays price. I havent noted the level of desperation for farmers to sell with corn below $4, but obviously you are speaking to them more frequently than I am. So if you could maybe talk about the mood amongst the farmers to market in this kind of environment?
Juan Luciano: I think as you described, it hasnt been the desperation selling at this point in time. So we continue to be very close to them and continue to have our assets ready to take advantage of this location, thats what we do. At this point in time, obviously there is a big accumulation of grain in the interior and there is a big need for grains sometimes at the export terminals and the ability to transport that is what we possess. So I think there are many opportunities ahead of us in Q4. Thats why we are positive about.
Diane Geissler  CLSA: Okay. And then I just also wanted to ask about the expanded JV in the Northwest. Could you talk a little bit about whats included now in your asset network there, and what you have in terms of capacity for exports out of the Pacific Northwest with the expanded JV?
Juan Luciano: Yes, I dont remember the actual capacities, Diane. We used to have 50% of the Kalama and now K5 has been incorporated into that. And now with that we have share of about 32%, although still the same management rights that we had before. So with that, we basically have expanded our ability to source from two different ports, if you will. I just dont remember on top off my head the capacities and we can get you that if you are interested.
Diane Geissler  CLSA: Okay, well I guess the question is, with the expansion in your [Technical Difficulty] is that signal to us that youre going to be adding assets in that area?
Juan Luciano: Not at this point, no.
Diane Geissler  CLSA: Okay.
Juan Luciano: This was more like an optimization plan, if you will, Diane, than to decide to expand.
Diane Geissler  CLSA: Okay, terrific. Thank you.
Juan Luciano: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Janney Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Eric Larson  Janney Capital Markets: Thank you. I snuck in just before the bell here. A couple of questions. First one is for Juan. Juan, you have certainly made some improvement in the international merchandizing business like you said, you were going to when you ran into the ADM specific problems several quarters ago. In your terms, how far have you recovered on that? Have you gotten back 50% of the goal line there, or how would you characterize the recovery in that business from a timing point of view?
Juan Luciano: Yes, you recall correctly. We highlighted that at one point in time, and Im very proud of the team. The team took ownership of the problems and we made significant changes in the cost position, in the way we operate, in the way we commercialize to be honest as well. I would say, if I have to say from 0% to 100%, we are probably 70% of what we wanted to achieve.
Eric Larson  Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And so when you look at the third quarter of merchandizing profits of $64 million of your EBIT, can you give us a flavor for kind of the domestic/international component of that number?
Juan Luciano: I dont have it top off my head, Eric, but I think what we highlighted was the improvement was significant versus same quarter last year in international merchandizing. Domestic grain continues to be a very large business for us when you compare to international merchandizing. So well, we can give you the breakdown, I just dont remember.
Eric Larson  Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And would places like the Ukraine structurally be having difficulties? Despite the specific ADM issues, are there regions like the Ukraine that would have a negative delta year-over-year in the most recent quarter or two?
Juan Luciano: No, actually were thinking that in Eastern Europe with the good crops, we will see a big opportunity for us to utilize our even recent investments even more. So we are actually very bullish about international merchandizing opportunities in Eastern Europe.
Eric Larson  Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Then quickly, my next question is for Ray. Ray  and I really want to drill down on the return on invested capital component. Youre now 210 basis points above your current WACC, a good 50 basis points above kind of your long-term goals. When I look at that number, if you look at the last four quarters, youve obviously made good sequential quarterly improvement, but arguably you are not where  those last four quarters on average certainly arent anywhere near what you think you can probably do. And then your laundry list of moving assets and buying assets and selling, I mean your focus on ROIC has been phenomenal. And then youve got your $400 million SG&A savings, and I dont think that thats an absolute number that will be in your 2014. I think that $400 million is a run rate number, correct? And so when I look at the snap up in ROIC potentially in 2015, if markets continue to improve etcetera, I mean why couldnt you be above or at or close to or above your 10% 200 basis points above your long-term average in a relatively short period of time?
Ray Young: Well, first of all Eric, I think were very encouraged in terms of the trends that were showing in terms of ROIC. And youre right, the $400 million in cost savings, which by the way, thats more of a cost of goods sold, type of savings. And thats relative to the cost base as of January 1, 2013. So weve been working that over a two-year period. But yes, I mean thats going to help us in terms of improving returns in the future as well. Were adjusting our portfolio. And so therefore, we are divesting businesses which have low returns and investing in businesses that eventually will generate good returns. And just to remind you, WILD Flavors, its going to take us some time in order to get up to the returns that we talked about. And so therefore I think we are encouraged. There is no doubt that we are in a positive trend in terms of returns. Our objective clearly is to earn the long-term WACC of 8% plus 200 basis points. Whether we get there next year, needs to be determined. There are headwinds, as many of you folks on the phone call have also pointed out regarding crude oil prices and where that in impact on ethanol. I mean there is some headwinds there, but were also very encouraged about the tailwinds that were also getting in our business, namely the fact that were going to have a very good U.S. harvest thats going to help Ag Services particularly next year.
Eric Larson  Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And then finally, and then Ill go back in queue or youll end the call. But the month of October with grain prices, its very rare to see that kind of a bull rally into the harvest like we have seen it, producers  Christmas came early for the producers here. And when I look at last week, just penciling in rough numbers. I think last week was the single largest grain production week ever in the United States, just by running some numbers here. And does that potentially still give you going forward now month of November  I think in the next two weeks in November are going to be pretty interesting. Does that give you potentially more basis opportunity for the fourth quarter  well, and not just sort of just the fourth quarter, but I mean it would carryover go maybe to spread out for the quarters in 2015 as well, but is there a near-term opportunity here that is encouraging to you?
Ray Young: Yes, it is. Yes, we see it.
Eric Larson  Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Thats what all I expected for an answer. Thank you everyone.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Eric.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much for taking my question. Pat, I just wondered if you had an update on sort of higher ethanol blend rates. It really hasnt come up very much in a while either sort of on these calls or in the press, and I recall EPA was supposed to be working on cars older than 2001 for approval. And Im just curious if thats still a focus or where that is?
Pat Woertz: Right. There is no update that I have for you today or that we have. With the elections too, there is not many topics that are on the minds in Washington other than these current elections. So I have not anything today.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks very much.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Vince.
Operator: Im showing that there are no further questions at this time. Ill turn the call back over to Patricia Woertz.
Pat Woertz: Great. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. We do note on Slide 14 the date of our Investor Day, which is December 3rd in Chicago. And of course if any of you have any follow-up questions, please be in touch with Christina, and thanks all for your interest and time. Bye-bye now.
Operator: And this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Case McGee -  Patricia A. Woertz - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Juan Ricardo Luciano - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Case McGee, Vice President, Investor Relations, for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. McGee, you may begin.
Case McGee: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's call will be available at our website, adm.com. For those following the presentation today, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its report on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. And our President and Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review the drivers of our operations' performance in the quarter, provide an update on actions that are improving returns and discuss the outlook going forward. Then the team will take your questions. Please now turn to Slide 3. I will turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, thank you, Case, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. This morning, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.77 and adjusted segment operating profit of $819 million. Our net earnings were $533 million or $0.81 per share, and segment operating profit was $888 million. In the second quarter, the ADM team continued to execute very well and delivered strong results. We capitalized on robust ethanol demand, our recovery of U.S. grain export volumes and continuing strong demand for oilseeds products. I'm very proud of the work that the team has done recently, not just in running the day-to-day business, but also strengthening the enterprise with aggressive cost and cash management and positioning our company for future growth. This work continues to drive improved returns with this quarter's ROIC showing a 200 basis point improvement over last year. Since our last quarterly call, we've announced the construction of a sweetener and soluble-fiber manufacturing complex in the Chinese port city of Tianjin. We've announced the completion of the Toepfer deal and the start of integration there. And we have announced an agreement to acquire WILD Flavors, a global leader in natural flavors and flavor systems, to complement ADM's existing texture, nutrition and functional solutions. It is through these and other actions that we are improving returns. These are efforts that, in a minute, Juan will discuss a little bit further. Now looking at the second half of 2015 (sic) [2014], the crops in North America and Europe are developing very nicely, and we are preparing for what could be very large harvests. Now I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young: Thanks, Pat. Slide 4 provides on financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.77 compared to $0.46 last year. Excluding specified items and also excluding net timing effects, adjusted segment operating profit was $819 million, up $198 million or nearly 32% from last year. The effective tax rate for the second quarter was 28% compared to 29% in the second quarter of the prior year. Our trailing 4-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 7.7% improved from the 6.9% at the end of the first quarter and also significantly improved by 200 basis points from the 5.7% at the end of the second quarter last year. As we indicated during our first quarter call, we have introduced the annual WACC concept for calendar year planning that is reflective of a single A capital structure and the interest rate environment at the beginning of the year. For 2014, our annual WACC is 6.4%. Our long-term WACC is 8.0% and is reflected in the graph on Slide 19 in the appendix. Our objective remains to earn 200 basis points over our WACC. In addition, we've added the concept of economic value added to our key metrics. In the second quarter, our trailing 4-quarter average EVA was $345 million based upon adjusted earnings and the annual WACC. On Chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.81 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.77 per share. For this quarter, LIFO represented a $73 million pretax credit as commodity prices decreased through the quarter. Additionally, we recognized $31 million in pretax costs related to the upcoming global headquarter relocation and restructurings and integration underway at Toepfer and at Alliance Nutrition. We also note in the appendix the net timing effects for the quarter, primarily related to ethanol. In total, the net timing effects for this second quarter were about $0.07 per share positive. In the absence of these net timing effects, the adjusted EPS for this second quarter would have been $0.70. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. I would like to highlight some unique or specified items in the operating results. Juan's discussion of operating results will exclude the specified items and net timing effects, so that you can understand the underlying trends in the business. In the oilseeds segment, mark-to-market timing effects in cocoa were negligible for the quarter versus a gain of about $11 million, or $0.01 per share, in the same quarter last year. In the corn segment, we again separated out our net timing effects. In the second quarter, we benefit from the mark-to-market losses on ethanol hedges recorded in the first quarter that were related to second quarter sales of ethanol. In addition, we had some corn hedge ineffectiveness losses. The net impact was $70 million in positive timing effects or $0.07 per share. Included in ag services segment results was again related to recovery of about $17 million of a $22 million loss provision originally established in the second quarter of last year. Let me also touch on a few items of significance in the corporate line. In the second quarter, interest expense was lower due to lower borrowings. Unallocated corporate expenses were higher, in part due to some reclassifications of costs into corporate and the lack of some onetime favorable items recorded in last year's results, but also due to higher project costs related to the start-up of our ERP program, some higher costs relating to trueing up some credit loss provisions and some increased R&D expenditures within the quarter. As we discussed earlier, we had $31 million of charges related to the global headquarter relocation cost accruals and restructuring and integration costs at Toepfer and Alliance Nutrition. But these charges are down significantly from last year when we recorded an initial FCPA provision and also had some losses on FX hedges related to GrainCorp. Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 6. We present here the cash flow statement for the 6 months ended June 30, 2014, compared to the same period in the prior year. We generated just over $1 billion from operations before working capital changes in the first 6 months of 2014 compared to $0.7 billion last year. Working capital changes were basically flat so far this year compared to a source of $1.6 billion last year. Total capital spending for the first half was about $400 million, which is slightly lower than our 2013 spend of $458 million, including small acquisitions. We indicated in early July, with the announcement of the WILD transaction, that we will be reducing the capital spending in 2014 to about $900 million before the ERP program expenditures, down from our original $1.4 billion plan. After changes in working capital and investments, our free cash flow for the first half was about $585 million. In February, our $1.15 billion convertible debt matured and we paid down this debt, contributing to our overall debt reduction. In the first half of this year, we spent about $500 million to repurchase 11.5 million shares, and we paid out more than $300 million in common dividends. So far in the first 6 months, we've returned more than $800 million to shareholders. And even with the WILD acquisition, we're on track to return the $1.4 billion that we indicated in our 2014 capital plan. We finished out the quarter with an average of 659 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. But at the end of June, we had 655 million diluted shares outstanding. We have approximately 6.5 million more shares to repurchase this calendar year to complete our 18 million share repurchase target. Slide 7 highlights the balance sheet as of June 30 for both 2014 and 2013. Cash on hand was approximately $2 billion, similar to last year. Our operating working capital of $11 billion was down $1 billion from the year-ago period. This decrease was comprised of about $700 million related to lower inventory prices and about $500 million related to lower inventory quantities, offset by a net increase of about $200 million in other working capital items. Total debt was about $5.6 billion, resulting in a net debt balance, that is debt less cash, of $3.6 billion, down significantly from the 2013 level of $5.5 billion. Our shareholders' equity of $20.2 billion is slightly over $1 billion higher than the level last year. And our ratio of net debt to total capital, excluding cash from gross debt, is 15%, much lower than the June 30, 2013, level of 22%. We had $7.9 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of June. If you add the available cash, we had access to almost $10 billion of liquidity. Clearly, we have a lot of financial flexibility related to our balance sheet, and we will be able to easily finance the WILD acquisition. Next, Juan will take us through an operational review of the quarter. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Please turn to Slide 8. I will start with segment operating profit and then move on to discuss the 3 major segments. In the second quarter, our underlying segment operating profit was up sequentially. An improvement in all 3 major segments drove an overall improvement of 32% year-over-year. I'll walk through those results now. Starting on Slide 9, the oilseeds team delivered a solid quarter, with very good crush margins around the globe. North America has a very strong performance as the team earned good margins in both soybean and canola crush. In South America, good domestic demand supported high capacity utilization and good margins in soybean crushing, refining and packaging. Slower farmer selling limited South American origination results. In Europe, we saw good crush margins for softseeds, with good meal and oil demand. The U.S. biodiesel industry ran at lower rates, while demand for biodiesel in South America and Europe was good. Our lecithin and protein specialties businesses both delivered their best quarters ever. In cocoa, the margin environment remained good. And our results from Asia reflect the lower first quarter by Wilmar. Please turn to Slide 10. The Corn Processing team delivered yet another strong quarter. Ethanol saw great margins and volumes with good domestic demand, driven by gasoline consumption and blending economics. Once again, ADM's scale and logistics expertise allowed us to ensure a steady supply to the blenders, despite the challenging logistics environment. And U.S. ethanol's competitive price in the global market led to continued strong export demand. This quarter also benefited from some very favorable pricing we booked during the first quarter. The sweeteners and starches team optimized their product mix and leveraged lower net corn costs to maximize volumes and margins despite lower average selling prices. In the quarter, we saw good demand from sweeteners and starch customers in both the forward and the spot markets, and we run our plants at high utilization rates. Slide 11, please. In the second quarter, ag services results improved overall. In the year-ago period, low crop supplies limited U.S. exports. This year, good crop availability and competitive prices supported significant increases in exports. In the second quarter, we also saw higher export volumes sustained longer than normal, following logistics challenges in the first quarter. Toward the end of the second quarter, we saw the beginning of the seasonal decline in U.S. volumes that typically runs until the harvest. International merchandising continued to improve, and we began work to fully integrate the Toepfer business into ADM as we completed the acquisition of the remaining stake in early June. In transportation, the strong U.S. exports also supported southbound barge freight rates and utilization. We also had good northbound demand. Now on Slide 12, we wanted to briefly update you on our actions that are driving improved returns. We focused those efforts in a few areas: strengthening the business, managing our portfolio and growing the business. In the area of strengthening the business, after meeting our goal of $200 million in ongoing cost savings by end of 2014, we determined to double that goal. We are on track to achieve a total of $400 million in ongoing cost savings by the end of the year. In the area of managing our portfolio, we are advancing regulatory approvals for our acquisition of WILD Flavors, which we expect to have completed during the fourth quarter. At the same time, we are working with the WILD team to prepare for the launch of the WILD Flavors and specialty ingredients business unit. That segment will include the WILD business, as well as ADM businesses that are already operating with a customer intimacy strategy. Toepfer integration is progressing smoothly as we are merging our operations globally and working to eliminate overlaps. In May, we announced an agreement with Synthetic Genomics to commercialize Omega-3 DHA for the food supplement and animal nutrition markets. The partnership may create another use for our Clinton, Iowa fermentation assets. We have completed a successful laboratory trial and are moving ahead with the pilot run in the plant. The sale of our South American fertilizer to Mosaic is on track to close by the end of 2014, and we expect to have signed agreement by the end of the third quarter to sell our global chocolate business. Our efforts to improve returns also involve investing to grow the business. Pat mentioned our sweetener and fiber plant in Tianjin. That's on track to begin sweetener production early next year. In Brazil, we began construction of our specialty protein complex, and at our port in Northern Brazil, we have received all permits and approvals. We have begun receiving trucks, and this week, we are loading the first vessel. So we're making good progress to strengthen the business and we're seeing that reflected in our returns today. Please turn to Slide 13. We're looking forward to a busy second half. We see strong demand for our products with favorable ethanol economics, sustained global protein consumption and continued demand for specialty ingredients, and plentiful crops will rebuild inventories, making our products even more competitive versus substitutes. We're monitoring geopolitical events in Argentina and Ukraine. So far, we've seen little, if any, operational impact from those situations. And we expect U.S. export volumes to rise significantly in the later months of the year. We are optimistic as we prepare our global operations for the coming quarters. We have the assets, the net worth and the team to deliver a strong second half. Pat?
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Juan. So in summary, the team again executed well. Another great quarter from corn, very good results in oilseeds, a strong recovery in ag services. We're looking forward to our close of the WILD Flavors acquisition, and we're preparing for what could be a very large harvest in Northern Hemisphere. We've made great progress on improving returns, and we continue to take more actions to drive further improvement. So with that, Melissa, would you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Christine Healy with Scotiabank.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Just the first question is just on the U.S. crop, the large one expected this fall. Can you talk about what you guys are doing on your end to prepare for it and prevent some of the logistical issues that happened last year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, Christine, yes. Obviously, we've been watching this crop grow with very favorable weather. So we've been doing maintenance to all our operations to make sure they are all ready and the same with all the transportation networks. You know that there have been issues with transportation in the past. I think that we assessed them last year in Brazil, and we saw the improvements this year of what we did in Brazil. We're doing the same thing here in North America, talking to the railcars, aligning our trucking transportation, our barges. And as you can see in our transportation results, that -- we think that's a competitive advantage of ADM and provide normally opportunities to us. So we are looking to this harvest and to the second half of the year with a lot of optimism.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on Wilmar, I think it's been a while since you guys given us an update. I know you guys have planned on setting up, I think, several joint ventures with them on oilseeds and fertilizer, ocean freight. Can you give us an update on how that's been going?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, sure. Wilmar, we continue to work very closely. Not only we created the Olenex fats and oil joint venture in Europe, we have advanced things like joint procurement of certain items that allow us to leverage our combined scale. We continue to work on 2 or 3 other projects that include potential projects in North America and in Asia. So all in all, very good relationship with Wilmar. The results that you've seen here are their results of the first quarter. We reported with 1 quarter delay, and we previewed those results in the last calls with analysts.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. And just one last one. Just the new port terminal in Northern Brazil, can you remind us what the annual capacity of that is?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, at the moment, it's 1 million tons, and we have an expansion plan to get it to 6 million tons. So we're very proud that, that had received all the approvals. It's receiving trucks this year and we loaded the vessel this week. And we're going to receive -- be receiving barges by Q2 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I want to talk about ethanol for a moment. In the quarter, the margins, excluding the hedge effects, were something like $0.31 a gallon, according to my calculations. Spot was about $0.70. So Juan, can you talk a little bit about the performance of the business versus spot margins? And then specifically, what I'm just trying to understand is how this might evolve going forward in the next couple of quarters.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, David, yes. I would characterize the performance of the team as very, very good this quarter. The way I tend to think about it, David, in terms of the math for calculating cents per gallon, you take the $141 million of profitability of the bioproducts segment. You need to add the $70 million of mark-to-market that would relate it to hedges of sales for the second quarter, so there were ethanol sales for the second quarter. That takes you to about $220 million. We have a capacity of 1.7 billion gallons per year. So that's kind of the way we think about it. In terms of what did we hedge or not hedge going forward, going into this -- second quarter, we were about 50%. Going into Q3, we have about something like that and very little for Q4 at the moment.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So just to make sure I understand this. The reason that you want to add back that change in the hedge timing is because you're saying that truly economically, that $70 million really belonged in the second quarter. So add that back to the $141 million number to get ethanol profits, that's kind of close to about $0.50 a gallon. And then since we continue to see pretty high spot margins, is that level somewhat sustainable, at least given your 50% hedge comment in Q3?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. First of all, on the first part of the question, that's the correct way to think about it. Those were second quarter hedges. So the true economic is -- require that you add both things to see the performance of the business. The second is, yes, we see sustained margins for the rest of the year, so we're very optimistic about the second half.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Final question for me is just simply ethanol exports. Can you guys give us an update on your logic? Maybe we've seen a little bit of weakness here in exports here in the third quarter, but curious what your full year forecast is and how you might see 2015 ethanol exports industry-wide.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We continue to see very good level of exports. Actually so far, we are in that range of about 850 million gallons to 1 billion gallons per year. We see -- this is a time of the year, David, that you should see Brazil being much more aggressive here. And actually, we continue to see us exporting, even exporting a little bit to Brazil. You probably have heard that Brazil have increased, or has a proposal to increase, the blending rate, part to try to import less gasoline and part to try to help the sector. So we continue to see opening opportunities and opening markets for us. So we are bullish for our export forecasts for 2014, as I said, about 1 billion and also for 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam of Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Pat and Juan, you both mentioned the large U.S. harvest. And we've gotten several questions from investors on how we should think about ADM's earnings opportunity, particularly in ag services, between the benefit of a large harvest versus maybe less dislocation of grain needs around the world. Could you just compare and contrast the opportunities and earnings power for ADM in that environment?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I think we have a very good footprint in the U.S. that is not only about elevators, river terminals, export terminals, and certainly, all our transportation footprint. So you only get the power of all that asset footprint when you have a large crop. So we believe that this crop will give us the opportunity to collect income, if you will, from several parts in our value chain. I think that you are correct in the sense that there are good crops around the world, so there are less opportunities. Weather has been very, very favorable for growing crops around the world, which is a good thing. We're going to have plentiful of crops around the world to be moved. There's going to be discontinuities though. You have the issues of quality in wheat, for example, that will present opportunities for our people to blend and to take advantage of opportunities. You have the issues with freight that provide opportunities for freight arbitrages. So we see this with very good eyes. I mean, it's a -- crops look fantastic. Our assets are in very good shape and very well located. So it should be -- it should have ag services hitting in the high side of the range certainly.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. So net, a large harvest is better for ADM because you get to utilize your assets just much more fully?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: I would say so, yes.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just circling back on ethanol, could you just update us in terms of what you think production is running at, and if you think there's any additional capacity build coming online in the U.S., and how you just think about that supply-demand balance for this year and into next year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We think that this year, total production will be around 14.3 billion gallons, something in that range, probably. Recently, it's been running a little bit higher than that because this is a high driving season. I think that EIA estimates are, for this year, about 134 billion or 135 billion gallons of gasoline. So 13.5 billion, you take the billion gallon of exports and you are there pretty tight. So certainly, this is an industry that is running as hard as they can at about 14.7 billion, and you can argue whether that's sustainable on an average for the year. In terms of new capacity, we don't believe there's going to be any new capacity, if anything, that you would see. People are already maxed out and hitting their permit levels or their baselines in terms of that. So if you add more capacity to that, you are just creating ethanol for export markets, and that will be fine since that doesn't affect the local balance. So we are very optimistic about ethanol margins being sustained at very good levels.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And my final question relates to the RFS. There's news that potentially, the RFS is going to the President's desk. Any thoughts on what blend levels will likely be relating to the RFS? And any outlook for 2015 RFS levels?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, Farha, we won't speculate on that. I just can tell you given these economics and with lower corn prices, ethanol is so advantaged that we'll continue to have a way in the fuel market. So export will continue to be the driving force behind margins here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's tough to beat a dead horse, but ethanol again. I'm just curious if there's any reason why you wouldn't be hedged into fourth quarter. We're watching oil prices decline and ethanol prices more likely to trade with oil prices going forward. I'm just curious, is there a reason why you wouldn't be hedged further out?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No. Normally, when we start, we see the liquidity of that. So it was not that much liquidity. We normally, at this time of the year, we probably are -- this time of the quarter, about 50% for this quarter and maybe 20% for the Q4. And as more liquidity gets and we see the margins, we might put a little bit more on that.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So it is related more to the liquidity issue.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then separate question on the corporate charges or costs. Can you just walk through each of those and give us some more color? You talked about reclassification of costs. Could you just explain what those are, update on where you are on the ERP implementation and then the credit loss provisions? If you could just give us some kind of a waterfall, that will be great, or as much color as you can.
Ray G. Young: Yes, Ann. I mean, we're up about $38 million year-over-year on unallocated corporate. Of that $38 million, over $20 million of it is really related to these, let's say, one-timers and reclassification of costs. One-timers from last year of people, one-timers from last year, that we don't have this year and reclassification of costs. And some of this reclass really relates to certain costs that originally were in, let's say, the operating segments that we took into corporate in order to make it simpler to manage. So case in point, some of the maintenance agreements for software and IT contracts, we basically centralized it into corporate. So that's just an example. So the majority of that delta is really related to these issues. We have started launching the ERP project, so there's some additional costs there, I mean, year-over-year, roughly $5 million. So it's not a lot, but it adds up. We had some additional R&D expenditures. We're trueing up some credit provisions. I mean, all these are small amounts, which kind of add up to cover the rest. Just for calendar year planning, it's useful for you, in terms of your estimations going forward in Q3 and Q4, to assume roughly a $100 million run rate on that particular line item in your models. So that's probably a fair assumption for you to use.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful, and that was going to be my follow-up. Just a real quick one on railcars. You own about 50% of your railcars. You lease about 50%. I'm just curious if that's similar in the U.S. or if you own just disproportionately more. And what are you seeing out there with the rail companies in terms of contracts for railcar costs going into the fall?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We own what you described. About -- we have about half the ownership of all the total railcars that we use. We certainly have a very close relationship as we are a very big user. And we feel, as I described before, that all our transportation is an advantage. And it's not only the moving units, but also the pipeline, the way we are set up. And so we think that as situation gets tight -- and I think the rail is a little bit of an overflow, not only of the issue of oil transportation in the United States, but also the issue of trucking and the difficulty to find drivers and all that, that is pushing a little bit of rail over to -- a little bit of freight over to rail. So we see that situation probably continues as we're going to have a lot of oil production and a very strong harvest. But our guys continue to make good money out of that and continue have the customers very well served. So we let them operate. They do a very nice job of that.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So more of an opportunity, not a risk, you think, going into a big crop?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I found that the progress on ROIC very encouraging at 7.7%. But I was just wondering, Pat and Juan, how will the board and management treat the inclusion, I guess, the dilutive effect of the WILD acquisition as they're determining the ROIC run rate? And as I recall, in the 3-year LTI plan, you need to have at least 1 year where there's -- you're 200 basis points above your WACC. Will the acquisition be included in this year? Will it be included in next year? How do you think you're going to treat the dilutive effect?
Patricia A. Woertz: Rob, first of all, interesting question. I will not be able to speak for the board, but I can tell you that in the past and in all of the deliberations of the board on this subject, they take everything into consideration. So I think our calculation is, as we think forward, say, for the sake of argument, we close at the end of October, the effect of that last 2 months of ownership and not having the earnings associated with the higher capital employed would probably be about 20, 2-0, basis points effect. So yes, I think the board will definitely take into consideration as they normally would. I will comment that returns are very important and focusing priority for this board, for this management, I think, we're very aligned about that and that's, I think, the key to your question.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, it is, and I appreciate all the disclosure and the increased scrutiny on it. I think it's the right thing to do. Just wanted to see how the acquisitions would be treated. And then maybe just a broader question about the outlook for this year. Obviously, the tone is very bullish for the back half. Maybe you could help us on forecasting. Just how do you think about weighting seasonality in the business first half versus second half? You have the strong North American crop really driving things. Maybe that's fourth quarter loaded. Juan, maybe you can give us a little bit of help in that regard.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So obviously, from an ag services perspective, Q3, I mean, is kind of a lower volume type of quarter because you are getting at the end of the crop year. And then we get all the bump of September, October, November, December and into '15. So that's where they're going to be producing the higher profits. From an ethanol perspective, it's probably very optimistic for the second half but not a huge seasonality in that sense, if you will. And then from a crushing perspective also, we're going to get a good harvest here in the United States. I think that the U.S. will continue to be the most competitive soy meal out there to be exporting. And so that's -- in general, when you look at all our operations, we've seen during second quarter very strong volumes. If anything, we've been surprised by all of our volumes. And when you see our volumes of processed, we are even trying to be careful with margins. We are up like about 4%. When we look at the grains move, we are north of 40% up. So in general, we see very good demand. The other thing that we see is that plenty of opportunities ahead of us because the farmers, in general, are very little sold so far. In our customers, to be honest, are very little bought. So there's a lot of business to be done in front of us. So we see that with very -- with a lot of optimism, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just one more follow-up. I thought one of the issues in the '13, '14 crop was that U.S. farmers added a lot of on-farm storage. Do you foresee that being an issue for this year's crop as well? Are they adding more storage? Or do you think that, that issue kind of unwinds?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We monitor that, Rob, obviously, and we don't believe there's a significant material change in the structure of the industry. We still believe we're going to process and we're going to handle a very large crop. And the timing in which the farmer is going to sell it anyway, that's kind of the fine-tuning and our team will take care of that. But overall, we're going to be managing very large crops through our assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was hoping to go to Slide 12 a little bit and talk about some of the actions to improve returns and dig into them in a little bit more detail. Juan, maybe first on the cost savings that you've talked about, taking the target up to $400 million by the end of the year. Can you talk about where in the P&L we should be thinking about that? And should we think about the incremental $200 million of cost savings that you're now kind of going after as being potential earnings, year-over-year earnings, upside in '15?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, Rob -- I'm sorry, Adam. Listen, we have a very robust plan internally that goes actually all the way to 2019. The plan is built in like about 10 categories, including water and maintenance and repairs, including energy efficiency, including procurement. So I'm not going to bore you with all the details, but yield improvement and all that. So when we put together that, we estimated obviously that the team was starting to get going, and we estimated that about $200 million run rate by the end of '14. We are north of that year-to-date. So we certainly -- in the first quarter, we realized we are going to be way ahead of schedule as the team continues to find opportunities. And now it looks much more like, again, $400 million by the end of the year. Where do these things go? You have to find it in all the businesses, obviously. They all trickle down to the businesses. Since they are procurement, sometimes it's in chemicals. So you might find it in oilseeds by reducing the chemical usage or the chemical prices. Sometimes, you find it more in corn when there is energy efficiency. But there are new technologies applied to oilseeds to continue to reduce our costs. So I would say in general, you're going to find it in all the divisions, maybe a little bit more in the processing units than in ag services. Ag services have maybe less of an opportunity since they don't process, but they also have milling inside them that they will see the impact on that. In terms of how much of that will we see, obviously, we do all these and we spend capital and resources to see it in the bottom line. So we expect this to be accretive to next year's and the following year's operating profits.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe continuing on the slide, on the bottom, on the investing to grow: the sweetener and soluble plant, the Brazil specialty and the Northern Brazil port. Can you talk about the investment size in each and the timing of when those should start contributing to earnings?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I don't remember exactly which ones we have disclosed or not, but let me talk about the contribution. And sweeteners and -- a sweeteners plant in China, in Tianjin, will start producing early in 2015. So you should see -- obviously, we will -- although we are developing the market with exports from here, there's going to be a period of ramping up to that. So maybe 2016 or late 2015 is when you start seeing the earnings impact of that plant. The protein specialty complex is going to be later on because we're just starting. So that will take 18 to 24 months to build, so it's more a 2016-and-a-half type of situation. That complex is a $250 million investment in Brazil. And again, it's very aligned with what you heard before, that specialty proteins have had another quarter -- another record in this quarter. We have -- we are selling very, very well and there is a lot of pull from our customers. So this plant cannot come fast enough. And then the Brazil northern port, you're going to see the impact starting this harvest -- right now, actually, we are loading vessels and the full impact is probably more important next year because we're going to start receiving barges, starting with the harvest of Brazil of next year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe one final quick one for me. The sweeteners and starches performance in the quarter was actually quite strong and maybe you could provide a little more color on where -- on what's really driving that.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I think it's a combination of things. I think our team is very good at what they do. They have many, many levers to pull in the sense that we have the ability to flex production, not only into ethanol but also into dextrose of other products. So I think grind is up. Volumes have been tracking consistent with last year and a little bit better than projections. To be honest, when we started the year, we thought that the decline in export to Mexico was going to be bigger than what is actually happening. So Mexico has been strong. I mean, it's down versus last year about, I don't know, 15% but it's better than we expected. So we prepare for that. So we prepare with some spot businesses. We prepare with business developing other products to make sure that they offset that. And between the ethanol strength and the strengths of those other products, we've been able to offset the decline in the liquid sweeteners. So we are -- and with that and corn costs and the continuing improvement we do at the plant, that's when you get the results. So very proud of the team.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the sweeteners question. The run rate in that segment had been sort of plus or minus $100 million for a long time. I just couldn't tell from your prepared comments and also the answer to the preceding -- the previous questions whether the performance in this quarter is what we should be thinking about for the third and fourth quarter as well.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I think that from a margin perspective, this is what you should be expecting. There is certain seasonality as you go -- as you end into the picnic season in the U.S. or things like that, you see a little bit of a change into that. But yes, from a margin perspective, this is what you should be expecting, Vince.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then could you just sort of talk about -- obviously, it sounds like the U.S. in the second half is going to be better for you with the larger crop and better preparation around logistics. But what are the, if any, are the challenges in Latin America year-over-year in the second half, just with what's going on in Argentina? And how much is that offset by maybe the new plant in Brazil?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. We -- certainly, situation in Argentina is complex, and looking at the macro scenario, we pull a little bit of risk in Argentina. So we have reduced our participation. We are a very big export in Argentina, but we pull risk a little bit off from the country and that's why we haven't been impacted significantly. The team, I think, did a good job of managing the circumstances. The -- and you said it well. It should be picked up by Brazil, and that's why we're opening the port in the north and we're very excited at about that. The problem is, circumstantially, Brazilian farmers are not selling. They are not helping with the prices. They are not helping with the real and the dollar exchange rate. So that has been dampening a little bit our origination earnings and that's what you saw in oilseeds. We think that, obviously, that they are only like 10% sold from new crops, so we will see commercialization of that later in the year, and we will -- part of that will come back to our P&L later in 2014.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just as one last follow-up, on the new port, I called it a plant earlier, but I meant the new port, you talked about the millions tons of volume. Is that going to be -- how much of that going to be incremental to your volume year-over-year? And how much of that's just going to be volume redirected there versus going to Santos?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, a lot of that, Vince, will be new volume. One of the reasons we're doing this, obviously, part of that is to alleviate the constraints of evacuating everything through the port of Santos. But a lot of that is also so we can increase our origination in the northern part of Brazil. So I would say, call it, 70-30, 70% new stuff, 30% redirecting stuff into better logistics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Juan, I just have a question on the starch and milling business. I think some of -- several of your peers have highlighted very strong starch demand in Asia, and another peer has indicated that milling is an attractive growth area. I know you have a lot on your hands right now, but do you feel that ADM is sufficiently positioned in these areas? And looking out over the next year or so, are these areas that ADM may look to expand further based on some of the market dynamics that we're seeing?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Tim, listen, we've been -- I know that corn team has been looking at other carbohydrate sources, not only corn. Part of that we've been doing with some of our partners in Asia, exploring that. So there is a very rich pipeline. If anything, in ADM, the issue that we are dealing with is keeping the focus and the prioritization as we look for returns and having a very balanced portfolio to make sure we deliver the improving returns that you've seen. Certainly, the Tianjin plant is a plant that profits a little bit from the length of starch in the market. We don't produce starch there because we thought that at this point in time, it was more convenient for us, given the length in starch, to actually procure that starch. But we have plans in the future at the proper time to be able to back integrate that. And then we're looking -- we have teams exploring Southeast Asia for other opportunities. As I said, I think the issue has been an issue of prioritization and how do they stack up in terms of returns versus other opportunities we are pursuing right now.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And your milling results were a little bit flat, based on your press release. Do you see room to expand global capacity there? Or do you feel that you're sufficiently positioned?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, I think the business has a strong position in the U.S., a strong position in the U.K. and the Caribbean. So demand has been stable and very solid. So that has been a business that is very, very good cash flow, a cash cow, if you will. They've been returning very, very good. It's a team that looks a lot at how to maintain the assets because milling is kind of an old technology. So I think we had a little bit of a softer quarter. As corn gets cheaper, obviously, some of their feed products get a little bit less profitable in that sense, but now we are coming into higher seasonality for that business. And -- so -- but it's been one of our most predictable businesses and more stable businesses. So we have a very good level of comfort in the stability of earnings that they can deliver. So very good team, very good position, not much to worry about that business.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question on your comments around wheat dislocations around European wheat quality. Obviously, there's been a lot of focus on the potential for Black Sea basically backfilling for some of the lower-quality wheat conditions in France. But there's also been talk that some of this wheat could be downgraded to feed quality. And with the significant crops coming on in North America, how do you think about the competition from European wheat feed within your global network? Is that a potential risk factor that we're not thinking about in the second half?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Listen, our team -- I was checking Monday -- yesterday with our team there. They feel very good about the opportunity in the Black Sea and to fully use our assets. So the Toepfer team is very excited about it. I think that, in general, in wheat, in the world, there is adequate supply. But as you described and I mentioned before, there are delta qualities. So sometimes, there are lower protein here, and sometimes, there are smaller crops where the quality is very good. And our team is very good at equalizing all these around the world. So we see mostly as an opportunity, to be honest, not only for equalization of that or arbitrage, but also to provide the right blends to our customers. And that's what our milling team do very, very well with the combination of having a grain business associated to a milling business, so that's a very strong competitive advantage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just kind of a big picture question. As you get through the harvest, how do you see like -- when do you think that investors will get a peak into the true earnings power of ADM? Do you think it will be the fourth quarter, the first half of '15? How do you kind of progress to seeing like what you guys -- all your work has done? And with the crop coming in, in normal conditions, when do you think we'll actually be able to see some milestones from a performance point of view holistically?
Patricia A. Woertz: Yes, Ken, I think we're quite confident in our ability to continue to grow the earnings power. You're -- the last couple of fiscal years, obviously, have been challenging due to the lingering effects of the drought. We've talked about $3 a share, breaking through that. We've talked about targeting certainly our long-term objectives to be 10% ROIC because, of course, our long-term WACC is 8%. We've done all these efforts to drive results related to whether it's costs or cash or portfolio management. So I think your question is a good one. Can I pinpoint the exact quarter? Probably not. But as you look through the latter part of this year and into next year, and we hope to close on the WILD acquisition again late 3Q, by Q4, that's another $0.10 to $0.15 a share. I think you should see these accretive actions in a sustained level definitely by the turn of the year as we look for that.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, perfect. And then my other question is on the crushing outlook. This quarter -- the current quarter that we're in is usually a high maintenance quarter or obviously a slow churn. Is there -- should we expect a seasonal pullback this quarter, then come back up in the fourth quarter? Or how do you think about that just from a seasonality point of view?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think we see the normal seasonality, Ken. I think that this quarter happens as per historical averages in which the capacity -- we slow down in the U.S. And we shifted that very good crush margins in Brazil. We have a solid situation in Europe. So I think nothing very unusual, I would say.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And after the harvest, again, it's a futures market, so we don't know if it's going to stick. But the crush margins look to be in the $0.90 range relative to historical averages of $0.50 to $0.60. Do you think those are real margins? Do you think -- is there a point in time that you could actually start hedging those margins? How do you think about that? Because that seems pretty extraordinary.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think it's reflecting a little bit what I described before in which we feel like our customers have -- are really uncovered in that sense. And I think that there is a lot of potential demand out there. And with the expectation of very low prices from a beans perspective, you get to some of that margin. Obviously, our team is all over that and I'm very excited about the future. Fundamentally, what you need to think about is that we've seen demand very, very solid. And that's what I think. When you see the need for soybean meal around the world, the U.S. will be the most competitive soybean mill exporter from October to, whatever, February, March or something like that. So that presents a very good opportunity. Because when you get exports, when you tip the balance in the local capacity utilization, that's when you get margin expansions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, I just wanted to follow up on merchandising and transport. So in the quarter, the $115 million in merchandising, and I think transport $27 million, $142 million. Ray, Juan, Pat, maybe you guys could just comment on kind of what you really expect out of this division. I know we've had this conversation on a number of calls. But as I was going back and just kind of looking at history in this business before wheat milling was contributing to the segment, I mean, there were plenty of periods where this thing was $200 million, $300 million in profitability. Is there any real reason not to think that you can't get back to those kinds of quarterly profit contributions from merchant transport after we get this new harvest in to kind of "recharge the system" I think is the phrase you guys were using in the past?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, David, this is Juan. Listen, we are very optimistic about the ability. The team has put together a wonderful plan to take care of the harvest. If you see -- even with relatively low volumes when compared to the potential of Q4, they have performed already in the $200 million range. Still, there are some things that they need -- we need to get there. The wheat carries we used to have, today, are a little bit lower in magnitude versus the peak, maybe in the range of 60%. And the volumes available are a little bit lower than that. But when you think about having carries back in the market and being able to take advantage of this very significant crop, we have not reduced our footprint. So when you have a bigger crop and our footprint has expanded a little bit, we think that we have the potential to go back to previous earnings in which -- that you described. So we have no reason to believe that we cannot get back to those levels. We just haven't seen it in the last 2 years. That's why we are cautious with our forecast, but we think this business should operate in the higher side of the range.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Patricia Woertz for any closing comments.
Patricia A. Woertz: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. You may note on Slide 15, we have our upcoming investor event, which does include an Investor Day in Chicago on December 3. So we hope to see many of you there. As always, please follow up with Case if you have any other questions, and thanks very much for your time and interest in ADM. Bye now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Case McGee Patricia A. Woertz - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Juan Ricardo Luciano - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul A. Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Case McGee, Vice President, Investor Relations, for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. McGee, you may begin.
Case McGee: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's first quarter earnings conference call. Starting tomorrow, a replay of today's call will be available at adm.com. For those following the presentation today, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation, and you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter; our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results; and our President and Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review the drivers of our operations' performance in the first quarter, provide an update on actions to improve returns and discuss factors that could influence future performance. Then they will take your questions. Please now turn to Slide 3. I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, thank you, Case, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter conference call. This morning, we reported first quarter net earnings of $267 million or $0.40 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.55 per share. Segment operating profit was $691 million. Our businesses delivered mixed results this first quarter. Our Ag Services business again generated weak results due to a low-margin environment, as well as logistics and weather challenges that we saw in the United States. Continued strong performance in Corn was supported by the robust ethanol markets, and the sustained solid results in Oilseeds were driven by good margins and volumes in North and South American soybean crushing. We also continued to make very good progress during the quarter in our ongoing portfolio management and our other key initiatives to improve the earnings power and returns of the company. I'll now turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.55 compared to $0.46 last year. Excluding the specified items in adjusted EPS, and also excluding net timing effects, adjusted segment operating profit was $780 million, up $111 million or nearly 17% from last year. To help investors analyze the underlying earnings trends, we will be highlighting, in the next chart, the mark-to-market timing effects that were significant this quarter. The effective tax rate for the first quarter was 27% compared to 28% in the first quarter of the prior year. Our trailing 4-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 6.9% improved from the 6.6% at the end of the fourth quarter and also significantly improved by 140 basis points from the 5.5% at the end of the first quarter last year. This year, we're introducing the annual WACC concept that we'll be using to establish a WACC for calendar year planning reflective of a single-A target capital structure and the interest rate environment at the beginning of the year. The 2014 annual WACC is 6.4%. Our long-term WACC is 8.0% and is reflected in the graph on Slide 19 in the appendix. Our objective remains to earn 200 basis points over our WACC. In addition, we have introduced economic value added to our key metrics. In the first quarter, our trailing 4-quarter average EVA was $134 million based upon adjusted earnings and the annual WACC. On Chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of our reported quarterly earnings of $0.40 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.55 per share. For this quarter, LIFO was the only adjustment to adjusted EPS, a $159 million pretax charge as commodity prices increased through the quarter. We also noted in the appendix the net timing effects for the quarter, primarily related to ethanol and cocoa. In total, the net timing effects for this first quarter were about $0.09 per share negative. In the absence of these net timing effects, the adjusted EPS for this first quarter would have been $0.64 per share. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. I would like to highlight some unique or specified items in the operating results. Juan's discussions of operating results will exclude the specified items and the net timing effects so that you can understand the underlying trends in the business. In the Oilseeds segment, mark-to-market timing effects in cocoa resulted in charges of approximately $24 million for the quarter or $0.03 per share versus a gain of about $5 million in the same quarter last year. We were expecting some significant negative mark-to-market timing effects related to our canola hedging program as we locked in forward margins in a rising margin environment, which I previewed at an industry conference at the end of February. However, in March, the forward canola margins came down, and our mark-to-market impact was significantly reduced by March 31 such that the amount of the net effect was consistent with the ranges in a more normal quarter. In the Corn segment, we are separating out, again, our net timing effects. In this first quarter, we had a combination of hedge ineffective of gains and mark-to-market losses on our ethanol hedging program. The net impact was a loss of $65 million in timing effects or $0.06 per share, which we expect to recover in the second and third quarters. In the Ag Services segment, included in results was a gain of about $20 million related to a partial reversal of a loss provision that we settled in the quarter. We had previously set up and disclosed this loss provision in the second quarter of calendar year 2012. Now let me also touch on a few items of significance in the corporate line. In the fourth quarter, interest expense was slower due to lower borrowings, unallocated corporate costs were slightly down, and in the first quarter of 2013, we had some other charges related to the initial FCPA provision. Turning to cash flow statement on Slide 6. We present here the cash flow statement for the quarter ending March 31, 2014, compared to the same period the prior year. We generated $0.2 billion from operations before working capital changes in the first quarter of 2014, compared to $0.4 billion last year. Working capital changes were a use of $0.6 billion of cash in the period compared to last year, when they were minimal. Total capital spending for the first quarter was $188 million, which was lower than our 2013 spend of $248 million. After changes in working capital and investments, our free cash flow for the first quarter was negative $546 million compared to positive $93 million last year. In February, our $1.15 billion convertible debt matured and we paid down this debt, contributing to our overall debt reduction for the quarter. In the first quarter, we spent $175 million in share repurchases, as we repurchased about 4.3 million shares. And we increased our common dividend rate by 26% in the first quarter. And with $158 million we paid in common dividends, we returned $333 million of capital to shareholders and are on track to return to shareholders the $1.4 billion that we indicated in our 2014 capital plan. We finished out the quarter with an average of 663 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of March 31 for both 2014 and 2013. Cash on hand was approximately $1.5 billion compared to $1.6 billion in the prior year. Our operating working capital of $11.6 billion was down $2 billion from the year-ago period. Of this reduction, about $1 billion was related to lower inventory prices and about $800 million was related to lower trade receivables, due in part to the international securitization program. Total debt was about $5.7 billion, resulting in a net debt balance, that is debt less cash, of $4.1 billion, down significantly from the 2013 level of $7.2 billion. Our shareholders' equity balance of $20.1 billion is slightly over $1 billion higher than the level last year. Our ratio of net debt-to-total capital, that is assumed cash from gross debt, is 17%, much lower than the March 31, 2013, level of 28%. We had $6.6 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of March, as we reduced our revolving credit facilities in December 2013 by $2 billion due to the strength of our balance sheet and the lack of need due to the GrainCorp acquisition not moving forward. If you add the available cash, we had access to slightly over $8 billion of liquidity at the end of March. Clearly, we have a lot of financial flexibility related to our balance sheet. Next, Juan will take us through an operational review of the quarter. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thanks, Ray, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Please turn to Slide 8. I'll start with segment operating profits and then move on to discuss the 3 major segments. In the first quarter, our underlying segment operating profit was up by 17% year-over-year but down sequentially. During the quarter, we advanced our work to improve the performance of the business through cost-reduction efforts, through portfolio management and through growth efforts. I'll provide more detail on those in a bit. As Pat mentioned, segment results were mixed. Generally, Oilseeds was consistent with our expectations, Corn was better than we expected, and Ag Services was weaker than we expected. I'll walk through the results now starting on Slide 9 with the Oilseeds team, who performed well this quarter. In North America, strong export and domestic demand drove good soybean crushing capacity utilization and margins. In South America, we also ran hard with good margins, crushing ample supplies to serve solid demand. We also exported a large South American harvest without a repeat of the logistical issues that affected the industry last season. In Europe, solid demand for both oil and meal translated to good performance in the region. Cocoa results recovered as the work by the team to improve performance continued to pay off and the margin environment continued to improve. I'll talk later about our plans to sell our chocolate business. Please turn to Slide 10. The Corn Processing segment delivered another strong quarter. In our ethanol business, logistical challenges and weather conditions kept some industry production offline. At the same time, economics drove strong export demand. These combined to create a steady rise in prices and margins through the quarter. We worked every logistical angle and ran our plants hard, delivering large volumes amid record industry margins. We also took advantage of the very favorable forward pricing environment and locked in good ethanol margins. Overall, a really strong performance here. In sweeteners and starches, volumes in the quarter were down slightly but better than we expected, driven by exports, primarily to Mexico. Slide 11, please. In the first quarter, Ag Services delivered a weak performance overall. In U.S. merchandising and handling, we exported steady volumes year-over-year. But the inverted corn, soybean and wheat markets limited our merchandising and storage opportunities. And for the volumes we did move, our margins were hit by higher logistics costs due to rail delays and weather problems. Unfortunately, this all occurred at the end of the U.S. grain export season. So while transportation conditions should improve in the coming months, overall, U.S. export volumes will see their seasonal decline as the world looks to South America for soybeans. In international merchandising, we saw the initial results of our actions to improve the Toepfer business, and performance improved sequentially. We also announced plans to acquire the remainder of Toepfer, which I'll discuss in a moment. In milling, feed and grain merchandising opportunities were limited by the absence of the seasonal carry that normally exists in the weak market. In transportation, the harsh weather hindered river traffic and limited barge tow sizes. That constrained our ability to move barges early in the quarter, but it also created pent-up demand for barge freight. And once river traffic returned in March, we were prepared to handle large volumes at good rates. Now on Slide 12. We wanted to briefly update you on our recent progress towards improving the returns of the company. We focused those efforts in a few areas: strengthening the business, managing our portfolio and growing the business. In the area of strengthening the business, we have set the goal of achieving $200 million in ongoing cost savings by the end of 2014. I'm pleased to note that our team has met that goal ahead of schedule. We continue to look for more savings, and we're setting new targets, which we'll share with you soon. In the area of managing our portfolio, earlier this month, we announced an agreement to sell our South American fertilizer business to Mosaic, a move that will allow us to profitably exit a business that has not been meeting our return objectives. We also announced that we have engaged advisors to facilitate the sale of our chocolate business. We plan to retain the majority of our cocoa press business, a business we have taken actions to improve and for which we see a promising outlook. Also, in April, we announced an agreement to acquire the remainder of Toepfer. This will allow us to continue our efforts to strengthen this business and fully integrate it into ADM's global origination network. Each of these actions improves our ability to deliver returns and better aligns the company for the future. Our efforts to improve returns also involve investing to grow the business. During the first quarter, we announced plans to construct a $0.25 billion specialty protein plant in Brazil. That plant will serve the region's growing demand for protein with high-value plant-based protein ingredients our customers use in a range of foods. We also announced an investment in Rennovia, a privately held firm with a complementary portfolio of low-cost, high-yield catalysts and processes for making chemicals from renewable feedstocks. This investment is part of our ongoing effort to strengthen our Corn business by creating a fight for the grind. These are among the many steps we're taking to strengthen the organization and prepare it for a future of ever stronger returns. And finally, on Slide 13, we wanted to discuss some of the factors we think will influence our business in the coming quarters. In Oilseeds, global protein demand continues to be strong. The seasonal shift from North to South American soybean supply is underway, and the South American harvest is large. And we continue to see strong demand for our growing portfolio of high-value specialty food ingredients. In Corn, we continue to see good ethanol demand translating into healthy margins. And the full effect of 2014 pricing will challenge profitability in the sweetener business. And in Ag Services, there is a lack of significant carries in the corn and wheat markets, and we believe it's likely to continue. U.S. farmers are planting what could be a large harvest, which could reset the margin environment. With the improvement of weather, we expect to see transportation issues to continue to improve, and we expect to see the seasonal volume increase in our wheat milling business. Pat?
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Juan. So in summary, the challenges presented by the U.S. grains environment notwithstanding, corn and oilseeds look good. Very good work by the team on strengthening the business, whether it be cost, cash or capital discipline, managing of the portfolio and in investing to grow. So longer term, I believe this work will lead to improved returns and value creation for shareholders. So with that, operator, would you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'd like to start off on the ethanol. I think the $154 million number excludes the hedge timing effect yet seems to translate into profitability of something like $0.35 a gallon. Historically, this would be a good number, but with spot margins that were well over $1, can you kind of just discuss how the quarter played out and what the implications are for the ethanol margins going forward in second and third quarters?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, David, this is Juan. Obviously, as we saw opportunities and better margins than we expected, we were booking some forward margins. So maybe what you see in the first quarter is also a combination of part of the businesses that we have booked before. Also, don't forget that our bioproducts is a combination of several products inside that portfolio, not only ethanol. So you describe it correctly. We saw -- we see a strong environment for margins into the business. In Q1, we not only booked margins for Q1, but also booked some for Q2, which bodes well, again, into the future. So all in all, we see ethanol margin with optimism for the rest of the year.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's very helpful. On Oilseeds, can you just explain the sequential weakness in profits? You guys describe the business as doing very well, but when you look at the fourth quarter numbers relative to the first quarter numbers, there's a significant sequential slowdown in profitability. And I always think that the Northern Hemisphere drives 4Q and 1Q in that they're pretty reasonable to put those 2 quarters together. Would like to understand that and just a little bit more of, Ray, is there any mark-to-market at all? I mean, I think you said canola was not, so was there anything here to suggest that there is a timing issue, that the profitability gets better in the business going forward?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, David, I'll start and then I'll pass it to Ray to answer the second part of the question. Three things that made the difference between Q4 and Q1. One is the biodiesel. With the expiration of the credit, certainly it was not that strong as it was in Q4. Second, we had some weather issues, and that impacted some of the canola operations. And third, we have lower Wilmar results this quarter than the previous quarter.
Ray G. Young: And David, on your question whether there were any mark-to-market impacts, as I indicated, we thought we were going to have a fairly sizable canola mark-to-market impact. And as we kind of went through the month of March and we closed March, we still had a negative mark-to-market impact on canola, although the size of that mark-to-market impact was consistent with our normal ranges. And again, you asked me about our normal ranges, I mean, we could see plus or minus $20 million to $30 million mark-to-market impacts on canola, and that's a normal quarter. I mean, that's because of our mark-to-market accounting on canola. So I guess what I can say is we did have a negative mark-to-market on canola. We didn't think it was outside of our normal range. That's the reason why we didn't highlight it as one of the items on our timing effects chart in our press release and in our earnings deck.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I could sneak one last one in. Can you give us any comments on what the potential is for the integration of Toepfer into the operations in terms of any kind of synergies? I've always thought that there was potentially a large number here, but any dimensionalization of this that you could give us would be helpful.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, David, I think when we were having it before, obviously, we owned 80% before, it was easy to align the company, but we couldn't have a full integration. Now we think that, that's going to be fully realized, so there are some cost synergies, certainly. But also, more importantly, probably, we're going to have a full value chain all the way from origination to destination markets when we include Toepfer origination and destination units into our Ag Services business. So I think this is going to serve to strengthening our Ag Services business. We are treating this internally as an acquisition, so we have a very disciplined implementation plan and integration. And as we get more comfortable into realizing some of those, maybe we will disclose some of those numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak and Company.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Juan, I guess, over the last year or so, you've kind of framed Ag Services that if we get a large corn crop within North America that there was the potential for Ag Services to get back to normalized historical levels. Based on some of your initial commentary, it sounds like that may not be the case. And correct me if I'm wrong, but maybe you can just frame it up for us. Excluding the weather and logistics issues, do we need another large North American corn crop until we can actually start getting back to historical levels in Ag Services again?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Tim, I would say yes. I think we need -- we still need another strong corn crop for the pipeline to be refilled and for us to have the full potential of the Ag Services earnings. When we think about Ag Services, part of our income comes from acquiring cheap bases at the harvest, and that didn't happen this year. But part also -- part of the income comes from wheat carries, and we didn't have that either. So when you have all these inverses and you don't have the break of the bases, I think it presents a difficult environment. When we look at -- and we look very deeply at the Ag Services, none of the KPIs are indicating any deterioration in our position. We export more than last year the volumes that we handled, so we feel comfortable. Our operation costs are under control or better than last year and our volumes are on check, so it's just a matter of we haven't been presented with the opportunities. And we believe that, that will happen in the second half of this year.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just moving back to Oilseeds. Looking out into the second half, what is your confidence level for protein demand out of the Far East? We're obviously seeing pretty weak Chinese crush margins. I think there's been some questions around the sustainability of feed demand within China as the hog herds have improved and still some of the issues on the poultry side. Are you still as confident in the second half for Far East protein demand as you were a quarter ago?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. I would say, in general, demand for feed in China, with these up-and-downs, continue to be very solid. I would say the fundamental trend is still there. You're going to see adjustments as they are overshoot in one direction or the other, but I would say, medium term, second half, I still consider it very, very solid.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question on kind of your increased focus on value-added products, health and wellness. Are there any critical pivot points or milestones that we should be aware of over the next 6 to 12 months in how you're thinking about accelerating that business?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, this is a business that quietly has been growing inside ADM and inside the Oilseeds business. And obviously, with some of the trends in terms of people wanting to add more protein and fiber into their diet, that kind of accelerated. And it's increasingly becoming a more important contributor of earnings for the business and also a very solid type of earnings, earnings that don't have that much volatility quarter-to-quarter. So you will see us trying to grow that business organically and maybe through acquisitions over time. We need to continue to expand our product mix. We need more capabilities. So you will see us very active in that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company: I just wanted to follow up a little bit more on Oilseed. And again, kind of a follow-up to David Driscoll's question, I mean, if we just look strictly at what you guys reported in oilseed crushing as opposed to excluding Asia and biodiesel, it still seems like the results maybe should have been a little bit stronger. Could you break out like maybe, between canola or the soybean, like, the general contribution from each of them? I mean, how big was the canola impact?
Ray G. Young: Again, we don't usually break that out. But as I indicated, the canola impact, in terms of the timing effects, it's within our normal ranges, but it was negative this month. And again, like I said, the normal range is $20 million to $30 million. The way I kind of look at the Oilseeds business is that we recorded, in the absence of timing effects, about $358 million for the quarter. I think that when I kind of analyze it and look at the canola effects and some other unique items, I actually felt that we were really running at around a $400 million quarterly rate for the Oilseeds business for the quarter, which I thought was actually a pretty good performance for the first quarter. So all in all, as Juan indicated, it was consistent with our expectations. And when I analyze it and break it down, I think that was more along a $400 million first quarter run rate for the business.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then, I guess, as we sort of look out ahead kind of over the rest of the year, I mean, in terms of your thought process in terms of capital allocation, I know you guys definitely outlined some steps a couple of weeks ago, but could you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about dividends and share buybacks and even, potentially, getting back down in Australia? It sounds like the government is potentially giving you guys a second look in terms of getting involved in completing that acquisition down there. So could you provide any update on that?
Ray G. Young: As we -- Mike, as we indicated earlier, we were approaching this year on what we call a balanced approach towards capital allocation. So we're going to invest about $1.4 billion in CapEx and return about $1.4 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. That still remains our objective for the calendar year 2014. While we've gotten a slower start on the capital spending rate, which, by the way, normally, first quarter is a slower run rate in terms of CapEx within our company, and it was further exacerbated by some of the weather issues that we saw on the first quarter. But I don't think we've changed -- we've deviated in terms of our approach towards this balanced approach for 2014. I think maybe Pat will have a few more comments to say, too, here.
Patricia A. Woertz: You asked the question, Michael, about Australia, and I think our strategic rationale remains the same about our look at that part of the world: production region, its proximity to Asia. I think, long term, we're committed to that region. We hold an ownership stake, as you know, of just under 20% at GrainCorp. I think we have -- as we said before, they're looking for a new CEO, so they have an interim situation at the moment, and we're very respectful of that process. And I think once a new CEO is in place, we'll have the opportunity to work more closely, perhaps, with the management team to find additional ways to work together and drive value. I think the -- you mentioned outreach from government, et cetera. I don't think I have any news or anything to report this quarter on that stake.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then, finally, just on sweeteners and starches, I know the volumes have been off a little bit in terms of Mexico. Like, what are your sort of expectations kind of as we move through the rest of the year? Do you expect Mexico to improve at all or remain kind of a little bit softer, or what sort of impact are you seeing from the soda tax?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Michael. As we look forward, we see domestic demand pretty flat and Mexican volumes a little bit softer this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farha Aslam from Stephens Incorporated.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Starting with ethanol, a bigger-picture question about kind where we are in the ethanol industry. We've noticed increased volume shipments to areas that we've never seen shipments before in size, places like Mexico, et cetera. Could you share with us sort of how the ethanol industry has matured and if we have really developed an active export environment that can be sustainable beyond Brazilian sugar up or down?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Farha, I think -- the way I tend to think about the ethanol industry, obviously, price drives a lot in the energy markets. And I think when we saw this kind of pricing, ethanol from the U.S. was basically the most competitive fuel in the world. And as such, it made it into a lot of formulations. When you run a refinery, you are always running an optimizer project, if you will, in which you're trying to get the cheapest formulation available. So these people have connections to every possible fuel component that you have. And as such, as the U.S. will always be competitive from time to time, even very, very, very competitive, you will continue to see that. So I think that the good thing is that this has opened several markets to us that we will be able to come back frequently. From the domestic perspective, I see the industry maturing. I see the industry expected to be relatively flattish in volumes but growing into its capacity. So we believe the period of us being able to achieve good returns is here. So we -- in these exports, we believe now that it's giving us a billion gallon type of amount, if you would, of markets that we have developed. And that, with a stable 13 billion, 13.5 billion gallon of U.S. market, makes us very optimistic about the future of the ethanol industry.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then, on biodiesel, while earnings were down sequentially, they were up year-over-year and were surprisingly high in the quarter, given that you don't have the biodiesel tax credit. Was there something in the quarter that allowed those profits to be higher than normal, or is that sort of a run rate that we can think about for the subsequent 3 quarters of the year?
Ray G. Young: Yes. I think -- I mean, you're looking at refining packaging and biodiesel, which, sequentially, is up quarter-over-quarter. I mean, like I said, there's a lot of items in that particular amount there. So, I mean, some of the other businesses in that segment actually did very, very well on a sequential basis. We also had some pretty good performance in European biodiesel this quarter as well, which kind of offset some of the impact on the North American biodiesel reduction.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And how sustainable is that European biodiesel profitability?
Ray G. Young: Generally, I think, yes, it's shown some recovery. I think, also, the absence of Argentine crush showing up into the world markets has also helped allow the European operations to generate some good margins, both on the crushing and the refining area.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my final question is on cocoa. Clearly, you've separated the process between your press and your chocolate. Could you give us any idea in terms of the size of the press business versus the chocolate business, either in terms of sales or in terms of percentage of profitability over a normal period?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, so we have about 6 chocolate facilities and about 10 cocoa processing facilities. And in terms of value, the chocolate business is about 1/3 of the value of the total cocoa business, if that gives you a flavor for it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is more on the Ag Services side and the cyclical versus the structural changes going on out there. The USDA recently reported that on-farm storage for corn is now running at about -- well, for storage in general, it's running at about 13 billion bushels, and that's up from about 11 billion bushels a couple of years ago. So why wouldn't we anticipate that Ag Services margins are going to get inverted themselves, that there may not be the same opportunities at harvest time anymore, but maybe the opportunity for margins comes right before harvest, as farmers panic to get rid of their crops before the next harvest?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think that, certainly, on-farm storage tends to be highlighted much more when there is a smaller carryout. During years of big carryouts, I mean, we don't see that. When we look at the years in which we had peak profits for Ag Services, as we look into the past, these were years in which we had 2 consecutive years of very good crops in the U.S. So we truly expect the margin situation to change now with the resetting of the new crop coming in August, September, whenever it comes. So we believe on-farm storage would basically empty at this point. It would refill. We believe there's going to be a more normalization of margins as we go into the third quarter.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So you wouldn't agree with the hypothesis that more on-farm storage gives farmers more pricing power? You think it's just seasonal?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, I think that there is an element of that, certainly. Yes.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up on your investment in Rennovia, could you just explain to us the strategic rationale for an investment in the developer of catalysts for renewable chemicals?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. When we look at the Corn business, we're always looking for opportunities to do more with the grind of corn. And one of the large opportunities is in to make some very selective number of chemicals. And Rennovia presents some catalysts and some technology that has -- that is very applicable for us to do so. So I think, for us, it's very important to have an alternative beyond ethanol or sweeteners, and we're always investing in that. So it's -- you have to see that as support of the Corn business, the profitability of returns of the Corn business going forward.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And any -- are you anticipating any impact on the Oilseeds business on the back of the PED virus?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think we haven't seen it yet, but this is looming in the horizon obviously. It hasn't gone away. So I would say, at one point in time, we may see maybe in a couple of quarters or something. But we haven't seen it yet.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. You haven't seen it yet. And when would you anticipate that, maybe, if it does impact your third or fourth quarter?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, something maybe at the end of second quarter, early third quarter, something in that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have sort of a larger, sort of longer-term question about Ag Services. And, I guess, I'm staring at an ADM model that I built back in 2007, and this was long before ethanol got that big and corn exploded and stalks juiced got super tight. And back then, in the trailing years -- and I recognize that the segment is reported slightly differently now, but you weren't making that much money in Ag Services. You were making, I'm looking at some of these years, full year, you were making between $250 million and maybe $500 million. And now the expectation is that you should be getting to some $1 billion number on a full year basis. Should we really expect, in a market today that is well supplied globally at multiple points, whether it's the U.S., South America or Eastern Europe, should we really expect you to have really outstanding margin opportunities in this segment?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, certainly. Obviously, we have -- the opportunities in front of us depend a lot on discontinuities. When markets are very well supplied, as you described, sometimes there are less opportunities in front of us. But as I said before, when we see the 2 big deltas versus the profitability that we were expecting, we saw the lack of wheat carries that has been a big source of income for us over the last 2, 3 years. And also, this year's lack of a basis break didn't get us the ability to got a lot of cheap ownership, if you will, as we have done other years. So with the farmer not selling and the basis not breaking and then the weather getting in the way, I think that, that was the combination. Whether we want to come back completely to the $1 billion and whatever, we feel good about it because we have increased our footprint. We have made some investments in Eastern Europe and other places. And I think -- and we think, also, with the combination of Toepfer, I think we're going to be able to provide even more services through the value chain. We're going to extend the value chain all the way from origination to the destination markets. So we're working very, very hard to make that a stronger business. So we are very confident into the future of Ag Services. Yes, the business changed. The dynamics of the industry changes. We still believe that we are very well positioned to reap the reward for that into the future.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up, one of the things that we read a lot about in the quarter but you didn't mention is the issue of China rejecting the U.S. corn because of the Syngenta Biotech trade. Was that something that affected you in the quarter, or was that just not even noticeable in your results?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: It didn't affect Ag Services per se, our grain business. It impacted our Toepfer subsidiary, and the impact was between Q4 and Q1. So we just finished with that. There is some charge in those numbers, but it was not that significant, to be honest.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe a higher-level question on returns and kind of the targets. In the first quarter, it looks like, on an annualized basis, you would have been about a 6.5% ROIC. The target for the full year, 200 basis points over WACC, would be about 8.5%, and on a long-term basis, 10%. And maybe any thoughts on how we should bridge kind of the first quarter performance to those shorter- and longer-term targets? Appreciate Ag Services is going to be a piece there, but how we should think about it in terms of costs, capital efficiency, investing in new growth businesses, et cetera?
Ray G. Young: Yes, a couple of comments, Adam. First of all, clearly, we had a few drags on our earnings in the first quarter. And as we highlighted, the Ag Services was not performing to the levels that we normally would expect associated with a company that will earn 200 basis points over WACC. So that's point number one. Point number two is the fact that it is -- ROIC is a 4-quarter trailing average basis, right? And so as we kind of still work through the remnants of the 4-quarter trailing average and you get into more normal conditions, we're confident that the returns on a 4-quarter trailing average will continue to improve as we move through calendar year 2014. So you're right. I mean, our annual WACC is 6.4%, and we'd like to get up to 8.4% for this calendar year. We've got some more work to do. We've got, frankly, some margin recovery in certain segments. And I still think we've got growth opportunities in the rest of the year in certain segments as well. So are we going to get there this year? Remains to be determined, but we're still working hard and are trying to achieve that.
Patricia A. Woertz: Adam, if I may add a few things just related to some of the work the company has underway to really reinforce this focus on returns and on EVA or economic value add. Obviously, it is a return over WACC times your -- the invested capital. And each of our businesses are looking more granularly at every one of those businesses within the business and even within the subsegments so that this improvement -- Juan talked, I think, very astutely about the 3 pillars of improving, the strengthening and improving the core business, working on our portfolio and on selected growth. And I think the business is working hard on, particularly, improving the core and on some of this selected growth, taking a very disciplined look at that capital spend.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, on that point, the $200 million of cost out that you alluded to being ahead of plan, any place in particular in the model we should be thinking about you realizing that -- those cost savings sooner than expected?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, there are 2 main drivers. One is energy efficiency, and you can put a big part of that in Corn. The second is procurement, and a lot of that is chemicals and things like that. There's a little bit of distribution between Oilseeds and Corn, if you will.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe last one for me. In the forward outlook and, I guess, in the last couple of calls, you made more discussion about the specialty proteins and specialty foods businesses in the company. And is there any way of quantifying how big that is today within Oilseeds? It's hard to really parse out how big of an earnings contributor that is today and what you aspire that business to be in the future.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. At this point, we don't want to disclose that number. It's providing us very good return. Certainly, it's in the high end of the returns, and it has potential. So it's -- we're very happy with the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Massoud, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Paul A. Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I guess, first off, maybe this is a follow-up on the China rejections. I know you mentioned you didn't have any impact from China rejecting corn shipments, but mid to late quarter, we started seeing shipments of beans out of Brazil being canceled or rolled forward that were intended to be -- to go to China. So I was just curious if you could comment on that. I mean, was it purely just an issue of a weak environment in China during the quarter, or is there -- or do you think it might have been tied to some of the deleveraging that we saw that really impacted some of the other commodities that were out there?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think it was an issue of people learning from last year in which it was very difficult for Brazil to ship. And people with very tight inventories, I think they placed orders more than once. And then Brazil did a very good job this year in actually shipping everything, and the margins at that time in -- the crush margins in China were very, very negative. So we started to see some of those cancellations. Thankfully, those cancellations didn't impact us. We got paid in all of our shipments, so we -- we that's why we didn't report on that because it was not an impact that we had this quarter.
Paul A. Massoud - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then shifting towards ethanol. At the start of the year, I've seen estimates out there, and I think you had mentioned that you expected about 1 billion gallons of ethanol exports out of the U.S. We've seen some of the third-party estimates climb to 1.2 billion gallons for this year and estimates as high as 1.5 billion gallons into next year. And so my question is at what point does the U.S. logistical system start to get constrained? I mean, are we anywhere close to that? Could the U.S. export 1.5 billion gallons, or are we near capacity at the 1 billion gallon mark?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, we are not. We can export 1.5 billion. Other than the vagaries of weather and ice or snow or something like that, logistically, we can do it.
Operator: The next question comes from Christine Healy from Scotiabank.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: I've got a couple of questions to ask you on the sale of the fertilizer business, so probably for Ray. The first, I know it's currently in the Oilseeds Processing segment, but can you just tell us if that's tucked into the crushing, origination? And then second, can you give us a sense for the earnings so we can strip it from our numbers? I'm assuming it'll be classified as a discontinued op next quarter.
Ray G. Young: Well, first of all, it is in crushing and origination. Second, we haven't disclosed the specific magnitudes. As we kind of go through the process, we'll make a determination as to whether we will classify it in the future as discontinued ops or -- so we'll let you know as we kind of move through our earnings next quarter.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. So when do you expect the transaction to close?
Ray G. Young: Again, as you know, in Brazil, there's always the regulatory approvals and all that stuff. I mean, we'd like to get it done by the end of the calendar year, if possible. That's what we're trying to strive towards. But again, there's a lot of work to do in terms of the segregation aspects and the regulatory aspects.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. Okay, great. And then, on the soy protein plant in Brazil, can you give us a little bit of color there on expected capacity of the plant and when you expect work to be completed on it?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: It's difficult to talk about the capacity of the plant because it produces many, many different specialty products, and they have several units of operations. So every plant that we build around the world is different and will depend, the output, on the product mix as we develop the market. And the plant will probably take 15 to 18 months to be completed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to ask you about the concept of the annual WACC. You gave your long-term WACC rate at 8%. I'm assuming that is what you're using when you run your hurdle rate through your investments. But is the annual WACC a target? So you're targeting ROIC 200 basis points above your annual WACC? Is this what you're using to compensate management? Because I guess what I'm not understanding is that, if your long-term WACC is 8%, your goal on your return should be 200 basis points on top of the 8%, not 200 basis points on top of a WACC that's been benefiting from low treasury rates.
Ray G. Young: A couple of comments, Diane. First of all, 8% is our long-term WACC. And you're absolutely right, when we make long-term investment decisions and we make hurdle rates, we use hurdle rates to determine long-term investments, M&A, we use 8% WACC in order to kind of help establish those hurdle rates. And so we add a spread on top of this 8% to arrive at these hurdle rates for investment purposes. And as interest rates environment in the world increases, eventually, back to more normal levels, I mean, the annual WACC and the long-term WACC should converge. Okay, so that's point one. Point two, in the current environment where interest rates are low in the world -- and our commodity markets, when you think about how commodity markets are pricing carries, et cetera, et cetera, I mean, it is based upon short-term interest rates. So in order to evaluate our teams, you have to use current conditions, and that's the reason why we use annual WACC in order to try to evaluate current performance based upon how the market factors are. But again, I'm convinced that, long term, as interest rates in the world converge to normality, both annual WACC and the long-term WACC will converge.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: But wouldn't you agree, if the interest rate environment is below its historic rate, that lower returns, then, look artificially better simply because you're comparing it against some unsustainable level, some unsustainable bar?
Ray G. Young: The whole market, Diane -- if the whole market is basically pricing on the basis of short-term interest rates, then that's the comparison to use. Because that's how the market is pricing everything right now. Price of carries, I mean, you calculate carries in the marketplace, I mean, that's all based upon short-term interest rates, not long-term interest rates.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. All right. Can I just get you to comment on the fructose business? I think you said volumes were flattish in the U.S., you expected them to be down in Mexico. What's your long-term view on the impact of the beverage tax in Mexico? And also, to the extent that we've heard sort of increasing commentary that something is coming down the pike in the U.S., similar to what we have in Mexico, what does that mean for the sweeteners and starches business, longer term? And then if you could also -- where are your contacts priced at this year? I don't think you gave an outlook on the pricing environment.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: So in terms of the impact of the soda tax in Mexico, very -- it's too early to tell whether it is curtailing demand or what's going to be the impact on demand. Some people, obviously, are increasing prices of the beverages. So to what extent -- what is the elasticity of that? I mean, it's too early. We will see. So at this point in time, I'm repeating myself here, we see kind of flat for the U.S. and slightly down in Mexico. That slightly down in Mexico has a correlation to the margin environment. Obviously, the capacity utilization is a little bit more lax this year than other years, and that has impacted pricing discussions. So that's the environment as we see it. And the business has done a very good job, Diane, in balancing on that the lower costs that we have and the ability to swing to more profitable products. So we were very happy with our results so far. And you heard me about the Rennovia investment. We continue to do a lot in order to bring more grind to improve the competitive position of Corn business so we have other options as well. So this investment in Rennovia is also to develop some chemicals that we can continue to add more swing capacity so we can make sweeteners, so we can make ethanol, we can make chemicals. So if we broaden the portfolio, we improve our options.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Where is Rennovia in the stage of development of new products out of the grind?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Rennovia is actually a -- is a collaboration in which we invested in them to get catalysts on some processes. We will take those catalysts and bring into our plants. So this is probably 18 months away, if you will, in terms of something happening on our side. It's more a research investment deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have kind of a follow-up here on Mexico, U.S. sweeteners. I think U.S. sugar industry groups recently filed something with the ITC saying that Mexico is dumping sugar into the U.S. market. Is there a risk that Mexico follows up and issues some kind of a ban on imports of HFCS or restrictions on imports as a result of this?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Rob, this is Juan. We obviously -- we opposed the petition because we believe that it interferes with the intent of NAFTA, and we're all for free trade here. Beyond that, it would be speculative to comment on the impact this petition may or may not have in the different markets or in the different governments. So we're watching it very closely. We are cooperating with the authorities and participating, giving our statements where we are required. Other than that, it's too early, probably.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Is the next step here a decision by Mexico's agricultural ministry, what they decide to say about allowing imports? Is that what we're waiting for?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, I think it's a U.S. decision. But you're taking me into areas that I'm not an expert, Robert. So...
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Larson from CL King.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on CapEx. Obviously, you were below last year in the first quarter. Is it a timing difference? Is it timing why the CapEx was a little lower in Q1? Is it -- are you still sticking with your original CapEx budget for 2014 going forward?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Eric, it's a combination of factors. First of all, when we give an indication at the beginning of the year, it doesn't mean that we will invest that amount if we don't find good opportunities. Normally, we have a slow ramp-up just because the weather -- with the weather we have in the first quarter, it's not very conducive to be doing external work. So -- but I would say, the way we're going this year is probably closer to maybe $1.2 billion or something in that range that we are spending at this -- but it will be back-end loaded, if you will.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick comment kind of on the current grain markets. They're -- obviously, it looks like we have our first kind of weather premium in grain prices right now, and the curves are inverted, flat, down, up. It's just a very strange grain market right now in virtually all of the grains. Can you give us your perspective on where you think planting progress is at the moment?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, the corn seems to be 19% this week. I think it's below the 5-year average, but certainly ahead of last year. We saw a significant improvement this week, and I think that we feel good. We saw, last year, the ability of the U.S. farmer to plant -- to make planting progress in a week is fantastic. So the weather forecast looks all right. So there may be a couple of days in which -- it's raining right now here, so we may have a little bit of a delay, but we feel very good about it. There are no issues at this point in time.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Are you starting to see farmers -- with current cash prices up fairly sharply over the last 8 weeks or so, are you starting to see the farmers depart with their corn? Because they've got to have their bins empty by the end of July, early August, if they plan on refilling them.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: We saw -- as prices spiked in March and the weather improved, we saw some increased corn selling, yes, more opportunistic kind of thing. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow from Bank of Montral.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just going through with some clean-up questions. Are you guys hedging ethanol this quarter?
Ray G. Young: Sorry, can you repeat the question, Ken, again?
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Are you -- are we you going to have the same hedging issues that we had last quarter that we will have in this quarter on ethanol? Are you guys hedged, or are you guys letting it float?
Ray G. Young: What we've done, Ken, is we've actually been able to change, in the middle of March, our approach in terms of accounting for the hedges on ethanol. So we were able to get a cash flow hedge accounting treatment in the middle of March. So going forward, you should not expect to see from us any significant timing effects on ethanol, as we'll be able to defer any gains and losses to the period of execution.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So, so far this quarter, your ethanol margins are running higher than last quarter, is that fair?
Ray G. Young: Yes. Generally, that's correct. That's correct.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: How much of Ag Services was penalized this quarter by weather?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Difficult to say, but maybe in the range of $20 million to $30 million.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Do you expect basis to come back in the summer?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Later in the summer, maybe.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Even though the farmers will sell corn throughout the summer? So that would be a surprise to you if the basis actually weakened into the summer as farmers sold, like June and July?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think it's too soon to tell. We've been making prognostications, and we've been disappointed about the Ag Services and the weather market. So...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And to go back to Eric's question really quick, I doubt his question was actually what the USDA said. What do you guys think about the planting progress relative to the 19% that they reported? Do you think that's accurate? Do you think that's low? Do you think that's high? Can you guys talk about that, based on your guys' market intelligence?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, with Tim, as I said, it's very optimistic about that. I think that it's pretty much in the range. I mean, I think that they are not concerned about that.
Patricia A. Woertz: Certainly, around here, Ken, Illinois planted a lot in its last dry week. So that's an example of, I think, we feel very good.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then, look, you guys have done a lot with value-added cost savings. There seems to be still a lot of liquidity and cash. Like how do you guys look at the timing to which you guys will deploy cash to a meaningful level that investors should be able to see something returned back to them?
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, some of this is opportunistic, Ken, as you know. If it's about some opportunity piece that relate to small or even sizable strategic M&A, that depends on where you are in that opportunity or in that discussion. Certainly, we talked about a balanced approach to use of cash. So on just a straightforward basis, our dividend and share repurchase is on track to what we have talked about over the year, being each quarter ratable, and I think that $1.4 billion for this current year is what we're looking at for returns to shareholders.
Ray G. Young: I think it's also fair to say, Ken, and we've talked about this in the past, our balance sheet's extremely strong. And frankly, when you take a look at how we're going to deploy capital and generate returns for our shareholders, there's no doubt that we are looking for opportunities to further grow the business aggressively and generate value from it. So while, again, our capital spending was at a slower rate in the first quarter, we do have a lot of different projects in our pipeline that we're analyzing. And frankly, as we move through the rest of this calendar year, we're confident that we'll be able to actually announce some of these projects and talk more about the returns that we're going to generate from the projects. At the same time, we are going to be disciplined. We're not going to invest for the sake of investing. We are focused on returns. And frankly, as you get to the end of the calendar year, if we conclude that there are not as many projects as we would have liked to invest in, we're going to look at returns of capital to our shareholders again beyond what we've talked about initially.
Patricia A. Woertz: And I'll add to Ray's point here to just make the point that we have a lot of optimism about these pillars, that we plan to improve the business, work on the portfolio and invest for growth. And often, these quarterly calls, you don't get the chance to talk about the investment for growth as much. So as Ray said, I think we feel very good about this pipeline of looks we have. And we'll probably plan for an investor day much later in the year, and we're looking at the chance to do some deep dives into both our look backs on capital spend, on our progress that we've made on improving the business, on the churn of the portfolio, as well as on these investments for the future.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So let me ask 2 follow-ups. One is, why wait to the end of the year? Calendar year is just an arbitrary year end, right? It doesn't really mean anything. Why wait till the year end to buy back stock? And second, you have the floor in terms of growth. What do you think all of this is going to add up to in terms of earnings? So it gives you the option to be able to say where you guys think your earnings are going to go.
Ray G. Young: Yes, Ken. If we didn't feel confident that we have good investment prospects in front of us for the rest of the year, then we would be buying back stock more aggressively. So the fact that we're not buying back beyond what we've indicated indicates that we do have tangible projects -- tangible projects out there that we're looking at. And as we indicated, I think we'll be able to announce some of these as we kind of move through the calendar year.
Patricia A. Woertz: And Ken, to your -- also to your point of our earnings power, we've kind of plateaued at this $3 level. And we're hopeful that, not only this year, but this year and beyond had that pivotal point to be able to have that earnings power at a much higher level. So again, that's our intention. That's our plans. That is where not only the numerator needs to grow, but the full returns level needs to grow, and that's what we'll do.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You're still holding hope you get over $3 this year?
Patricia A. Woertz: We don't get that specific with it. But certainly, the latter half of the year has good opportunity for us, absolutely.
Operator: And your final question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one question for me on ethanol. The -- on the RFS, do you expect the EPA to raise the 2014 RVO on its final rule? And then second, and perhaps this is even more important, do you expect the 2015 RVO to step up ethanol demand? And will this be enough to drive significant implementation of E15?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: It is difficult to speculate on what the EPA will do, David. As I've said, I think we look at this industry as having matured. I have been getting to the point in which there is some discipline in the industry. There is people feeling good about running it at almost capacity. And we have developed enough optionality, whether it's E85, E15 or export market that the economics had been driving, that actually, we feel very optimistic about being able to achieve our return objectives in the ethanol market.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. But you're not -- you can't really make any statement about support from Washington? I still feel like support from them is important or even critical for the development of E15 and just like your thoughts.
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, we do expect them to say something by June. I think the number will change, but what it will change to, I can't say. Think about it as providing a floor on demand, and the economics drive all the upside to that. So yes, stay tuned. We'll see what comes out.
Operator: Thanks you, everyone. That brings our Q&A portion to a close. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Patricia Woertz for closing remarks.
Patricia A. Woertz: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We do have a list of our upcoming investor events on, I think, it's Slide 15. And as always, please feel free to follow up with Case if you have any other questions. Thanks so much for your time and interest in ADM.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Case McGee Patricia A. Woertz - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew Russell - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Fourth Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Case McGee, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. McGee, you may begin.
Case McGee: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation today, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties. ADM has provided addition information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in this presentation. And you should carefully review the assumptions and factors in our SEC reports. To the extent permitted under applicable law, ADM assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. And our Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review the drivers of our operations' performance, provide an update on key accomplishments in 2013 and discuss some of the factors that will influence results in the first quarter and throughout 2014. Then they will take your questions. Please now turn to Slide 3. I will turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Case, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter conference call. This morning, we reported fourth quarter net earnings of $374 million or $0.56 per share on a diluted basis. Our fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.95. Segment operating profit was just over $1 billion, while -- and when excluding specified items. I'm very proud of the team as they delivered a strong finish to the year. Lower corn costs and improved ethanol margins helped to support a significant improvement in our Corn business. Our great Oilseeds performance was driven by our ability to meet robust global demand for meal and by improved biodiesel results in both North America and Europe. However, our Ag Services business was impacted by the slow U.S. farmer-selling of corn and challenges in our international merchandising. Looking back on the year, the team made meaningful progress on our efforts to improve costs, cash and capital management. We are ahead of schedule in our cost-saving efforts. We've completed our 2-year program to unlock cash from our balance sheet. We carefully managed capital spending in 2013 and announced a balanced capital plan for 2014. Looking ahead, we continue to see strong global demand for our products and large global crop supplies. We expect continued good utilization of our North American network until South America's large harvest reaches global markets. Now I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter and the calendar year. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.95 per share compared to $0.60 last year. Excluding specified items, segment operating profit was over $1 billion, up 33% compared to last year. The effective tax rate for the calendar year was 33% compared to 30% in the prior year. This year's calendar rate was negatively impacted by valuation allowances on various deferred tax assets and a shift in the geographic mix of earnings, partially offset by some favorable income tax adjustments related to U.S. biodiesel tax credits. Excluding these factors, the effective tax rate for the calendar year was 30%. And for 2014, the company's planning its effective tax rate at around 30%. Our trailing 4-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 6.6% was slightly below our WACC of 6.7%. During the fourth quarter, the 6.6% adjusted ROIC reflected an improvement of 90 basis points from the third quarter adjusted ROIC. But the fourth quarter WACC of 6.7% was also up by 50 basis points from the third quarter and 140 basis points from last year at the same time due to a combination of higher interest rates and a stronger ADM stock price. As we expected, the ROIC versus WACC spread turned solidly positive in the fourth quarter, with a static quarterly spread well in excess of 200 basis points, driven primarily by improvement in earnings. On Chart 18 in the Appendix, you can see the reconciliation of reported quarterly earnings of $0.56 per share to the adjusted earnings of $0.95 per share, as well as a reconciliation for the calendar year. For this quarter, LIFO was immaterial. After-tax charges related to GrainCorp of $167 million or $0.25 per share included $155 million of impairment as we marked our remaining 19.8% investment to the December 31 value and $12 million in after-tax expenses related to unwinding FX hedges on the planned share acquisition and GrainCorp transaction-related fees. Asset impairment charges of $0.11 per share were recognized related to a variety of asset write-downs, including an impairment of $0.08 per share related to our investment in a Brazilian sugar mill. We had a series of tax adjustments that included a charge of $0.12 per share related to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and a favorable income tax adjustment of $0.13 per share resulting from a ruling regarding the income tax treatment of U.S. biodiesel blenders credits earned in prior quarters back to 2011. And we had an unfavorable quarterly tax rate adjustment of $0.03 per share related to truing up the previous quarters' lower tax rates to our final fiscal year rate, which was higher. For the calendar year 2013, we finished with reported EPS of $2.02 and adjusted EPS of $2.33. Our adjusted EPS was slightly higher than the 2012 calendar year number of $2.30. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. I would like to highlight some unique or specified items in the operating results before Juan talks about the segment results. Juan's discussions will exclude the specified [ph] items so that you can understand the underlying trends in the business. In the Oilseeds segment, mark-to-market timing effects in cocoa resulted in charges of approximately $20 million for the quarter versus about $5 million in the same quarter last year. In the Corn segment, we're separating out corn hedge ineffectiveness gains and losses. For this fourth quarter, hedge ineffectiveness losses we had in prior quarters reversed themselves, and we brought into results $25 million of hedge ineffectiveness gains. By the way, for adjusted EPS, we have never treated corn hedge ineffectiveness as an adjustment item in the past nor we -- did we treat it as an adjustment item in this fourth quarter. In addition, we recorded an impairment charge of both pretax and after-tax of about $50 million related to our Brazilian sugar mill based upon an updated assessment of the future cash flows of this investment. And there were also some minor impairments recorded on U.S. assets as well. In the Ag Services segment, adjusted results excluded $155 million of GrainCorp impairment charges in this fourth quarter compared to a $62 million gain related to our share acquisitions through a total return swap structure in last year's fourth quarter. Now let me touch on a few items of significance in the corporate line. In the fourth quarter, interest expense was lower due to lower borrowings. Unallocated corporate costs were up due to some higher year-end accruals differences and higher share-based compensation expenses. Other charges of $57 million in the fourth quarter include the loss on the FX hedges on GrainCorp and some miscellaneous charges in Europe and North America. By the way, of the $57 million, about $40 million was treated as an adjustment item for adjusted EPS. Prior to cost allocations, our total corporate SG&A expenses for calendar year 2013 were comparable to calendar year 2012 after we take into account the unique items. Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 6. We present here the cash flow statement for the 12 months ending December 31, 2013, compared to same period the prior year. We generated $2.3 billion from operations before working capital changes in the 12 months ending December 2013 compared to $2.4 billion last year. Working capital changes were a source of $2.9 billion of cash in the period compared to last year, when they were near 0. Total capital spending for the 12 months was at $913 million, and acquisitions amounted to $44 million, for a total spend of $957 million, slightly below our planned target of $1 billion and lower than our 2012 spend of $1.3 billion. After changes in working capital and investments, our free cash flow for fiscal year 2013 was over $4 billion compared to $1 billion in 2012. Our cash flows in 2013 benefited from lower commodity prices and our focus on cash flow generation. Lower commodity prices represented about $1.6 billion of cash flow generation in calendar year 2013. With strong cash flows, we're able to reduce strongs on our working capital lines, such as commercial paper borrowings. We did not repurchase shares during the fourth quarter as we were blacked out due to the GrainCorp transaction and then, subsequently, the development of our 2014 capital plan. With respect to our capital plan, in December, we announced a dividend increase of 26%, from $0.19 a share to $0.24 per share, that will be payable starting on March 13, 2014, and the intent to repurchase 18 million shares by the end of 2014 that would totally offset the remaining equity unit dilution plus dilution from benefit plan issuances in 2013 and 2014. This is part of our balanced capital allocation strategy, where in 2014 we plan to return to shareholders about $1.4 billion in the form of dividends and share buybacks and reinvest $1.4 billion into the business in the form of capital spending and small M&As. We finished out the quarter with an average of 663 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of December 31 for both 2013 and 2012. Cash on hand was approximately $3.6 billion, up about $1.3 billion from the prior year. Our operating working capital was slightly below $11 billion, down from the $14 billion level last year or a reduction of $3 billion. Of this reduction, about $400 million was related to lower quantity of inventory. Total debt was about $6.9 billion, resulting in a net debt balance, that is debt less cash, of $3.3 billion, down significantly from the 2012 level of $7.3 billion. Our shareholders' equity of $20.2 billion is slightly over $1 billion higher than the level last year. Our ratio of net debt to total capital, that is excluding cash from gross debt, is 14%, much improved from the December 31, 2012, level of 27%. Our focus on capital efficiency and generating cash from the assets is translating into a strong balance sheet as well. We had $6.6 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of December as we reduced our revolving credit facilities by $2 billion due to the strength of our balance sheet and the lack of need due to the GrainCorp acquisition not moving forward. If you add available cash with access to slightly over $10 billion of liquidity at the end of the calendar year, we'd clearly have a balance sheet that is strong enough to support the 2014 capital plan that was announced in December, plus support any strategic M&A opportunities that may present itself in the future. Next, Juan will take us through an operational review of the quarter.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Ray, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I will start with segment operating profit on Slide 8 and then move on to discuss the 3 major segments. In the fourth quarter, the team delivered improved profit overall. We had some record performances and also identified some areas for aggressive improvements. Our underlying segment operating profit was up by more than 1/3 year-over-year and up more than 60% sequentially. For the full year, segment operating profit was up over the prior year. This was a challenging year but a productive one. And we are restarting to see the results of the team's effort over the past few years to improve our earnings power. Slide 9, please, starting with the Oilseeds team, who continue their strong performance with very good results in both South and North America. In North America, strong export and domestic demand drove excellent soybean crushing capacity utilization and good margins. In Brazil, our soybean processing operations saw good volumes and margins, and we exported a lot of corn. Our Paraguay crushing plant ran hard and very well. North American biodiesel delivered a solid performance with good volumes. And in Europe, the mild winter led to higher-than-normal biodiesel demand. Our food-ingredient business saw strong results across multiple product lines, with our lecithin and protein specialties businesses delivering record years. Cocoa results were essentially flat as the underlying business has improved. In the 2013 calendar year, a number of businesses within the Oilseeds unit set profit and volume records. The team drove growth of higher-margin businesses, expanded geographically and realigned several groups to improve returns and better serve customers. Slide 10. The Corn Processing team delivered a strong improvement sequentially and over the year-ago quarter. In our ethanol business, lower corn costs, higher U.S. gasoline demand and strong exports supported lower industry inventories and higher margins. We continue to actively manage our production levels to maximize margins and kept advancing our cost-management efforts. In sweeteners and starches, volumes were seasonally solid, and net corn costs improved significantly. In the 2013 calendar year, the Corn team drove a lot of improvements in the ethanol business, implementing cost-management projects, reducing inventories and enhancing risk management. The renewal of chemicals business earned record profits as well and grew their customer base by 50%. This remains a small business but one that has seen steady growth. Moving on to Slide 11. In the fourth quarter, with the North American harvest, Ag Services improved sequentially, but results were lower than our expectations. We saw strong U.S. exports, with November setting an all-time record at our New Orleans terminals. But 3 years of low stocks and recent lower corn prices meant U.S. farmers held onto more of their corn crop than usual, causing bases to remain at historic highs for the fourth quarter. A lower wheat carries also reduced merchandising income. In international merchandising, we saw higher volumes, but merchandising and execution issues really hurt profitability. Transportation results were essentially flat, but good volumes in October were offset by the normal winter weather challenges later in the quarter. Milling performed well, rounding out 4 strong quarters. 2013 was a tough year for the merchandising and handling team. The U.S. team carefully managed the inverse as the U.S. harvest arrived, and they handled large volumes at a number of locations this fall. The performance of our international merchandising business this year was disappointing, so we are implementing aggressive actions to improve results. We're focusing on execution, costs and people. We may not see the impact next quarter, but we're going to stay on top of this, and we're committed to turn it around. As we close out 2013, I wanted to update you on some of our key accomplishments during the year. This is at Slide 12. We remain ahead of schedule in our cost-management efforts. By focusing on technology and standardization, we are more than halfway to our goal of an additional $200 million in cost reductions by the end of 2014. Part of our cost effort is linked with our sustainability initiatives, which include a commitment to a 15% improvement in energy efficiency by 2020. We are well ahead of plan in that effort. And it's in energy markets like these that our investments in energy efficiency are particularly important. In cash, we allot more than $2 billion from our balance sheet between 2012 and the first half of 2013. And in doing so, we elevated the organization's focus on cash generation. We see our cost and cash efforts reflected in our very strong balance sheet. And in capital, we carefully managed our CapEx, investing $957 million in 2013. We also enhanced our commitment to return capital to shareholders. And later this year, we will share with you look-back analysis of some of our past capital investments. Some of the projects we advanced or completed in 2013 included a biodiesel refinery in Canada, our soybean processing facility in Paraguay and a port facility in Northern Brazil. For 2014, we expect to invest about $1.4 billion in CapEx. To give you some context of how this CapEx will be allocated, around $400 million will go towards maintenance, around $100 million will be associated with our ERP project, and the remaining $900 million will be allocated to costs and growth capital projects. More than 60% of gross capital will be targeted outside of the U.S. And finally, we want to discuss some of the factors we think will influence our business in both the first quarter and throughout 2014. World crop supplies, as we discussed last year, the world will have record supplies of corn, oilseeds and wheat. These large supplies will present an opportunity for us to utilize our global storage and transportation assets. They will mean lower cost inputs for our processing operations, and they will make all of our products more competitive versus substitutes. The timing of our U.S. farmer corn sales. How the U.S. farmer decides to market the corn crop will impact merchandising results for our Ag Services business. We're seeing some increase in farmer corn movement in Q1. We're also going to be watching the South American harvest. The last couple of years, logistical challenges have limited the industry's ability to move crops from farms to the world markets. Last year, delays made South American soybeans and meal less competitive globally, reducing exports. This year, we are better prepared for what looks to be a big soybean crop in Brazil. U.S. biofuel dynamics. The biodiesel blenders credit expired at the end of 2013, and the EPA has proposed holding the biodiesel mandate steady in 2014. Lower biodiesel demand could result in some softening of vegetable oil demand. The EPA has also proposed lowering the ethanol obligation for 2014. They are currently considering comments on their proposed rule. We will be disappointed if the government stepped back from their support of this program. Overall, ethanol blending economics remains strong. That should drive some continued expansion of both E15 and E85. Ethanol export competitiveness will depend somewhat on corn prices, but, by and large, U.S. ethanol remains a very low-cost transportation fuel source. The continued growth of some of our smaller businesses. We continue to see opportunities to expand some of our higher-margin businesses, including renewal, chemicals and specialty food ingredients. As Pat mentioned, we see global growth demand for our products. The team will use our global network to deliver for our customers and our shareholders. Pat?
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Juan. So just to summarize the quarter, adjusted earnings at $0.95 per share; lower corn costs helped to drive improvements in Corn; Oilseeds had a lot of success around the world; and Ag Services, both with slow farmer-selling and international merchandising, had some challenges. For the year, real progress on costs, cash and capital management. And looking ahead, we have a balanced capital plan for 2014, a stellar balance sheet, large crops, good demand, lots of needs to serve. So with that, operator, if you could please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: My first question is around the Ag Services segment. Juan, you mentioned that it was somewhat disappointing compared to the large crop that came in this quarter, and you're placing some initiatives in place to kind of rectify that going forward. Can you be more specific on what you think needs to be done in the merchandising and handling business to kind of get back to those normalized margins that we've seen in the past? And how much of this is a timing issue versus a structural change in on-farm storage and really preventing the commercial guys to capture some of that historical carry trade?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Tim, for the question. Let me split this in 2 parts, if you will: the grain business and the international merchandising. Overall, Ag Services performed in the lower side -- on the lower end of the range. I mean, when we give a range of maybe $200 million to $250 million, we're hitting the $200 million when you look at adjusted earnings. So lower end of the range, if you give me -- let me give you the 2 reasons. The grain business, the impact on the grain business, mostly on the slow farmer-selling, that I will consider mostly a delay. We saw last year the same thing in South America in the first quarter, and I called that as a delay, then we saw the recovery during the rest of the year. So we think that probably will come to market. We don't believe that in-store -- in-farm storage represents a significant shift. We're still going to see the crop flowing through our assets. And again, that part, you should consider partly a delay. International merchandising was different. It was an issue of performance during the quarter. We had some geographic arbitrage that didn't go our way. And we had some execution issues, whether it was in Brazil or Argentina or Ukraine or China. We have several issues going against us. So we have launched a significant review of our operations. We have taken some of our experts from here, the headquarters, and we've reviewed some of the procedures that we have in the rest of the world, and we even have replaced some personnel. So we have a very aggressive plan in place for this quarter not to be repeated itself. So again summarizing, one, mostly a delay; second is we stumbled, and we will correct that.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it's fair to say that once you rectify the situation in the international component and farmers start selling again, there's no reason why you couldn't get back into sell at $200 million to $250 million range based on the size of the crop?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: I agree with your thinking, Tim.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question on the corn sweeteners segment. We've obviously seen some of the industry data around some of the pricing resets. How would you quantify how your negotiations proceeded? Were they kind of in line with some of the industry data that we've seen or have they been a little bit better than expectations?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, although we haven't closed any -- every single negotiation, so this is a preliminary view, at this point in time, we see stable volumes for North America and declining volumes from Mexico. That's putting some pressure on pricing in this negotiating season.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. So is it a little bit worse than what you were expecting a few months ago, even though corn input costs [indiscernible]?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think, Tim, that on a pricing perspective, pricing are obviously a little bit weaker, responding to this supply-demand dynamics. Obviously, we -- that will be partially offset by lowering corn costs and our management of our footprint and our product mix. But going in, initially, pricing a little bit weaker than we thought.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ray, just one quick comment for you. It's kind of a request or plea. We need a schedule in the press release that has both pretax and post-tax dollars for all of your charges and where they go. That was a nightmare this morning trying to figure out how to allocate this in dealing with these full models. I appreciate what you did give us, but updating a full model was very hard. To my question, it's just related to ethanol. I wanted to ask how many gallons you sold of ethanol in the quarter. And then really kind of the heart of the question here is, what's the sustainability, in your opinion, of these current spot margins? It's kind of exciting. I mean, we haven't seen margins like this since something like 2006. And I'm not exactly sure what's going to knock us off these pretty good margins. There'll be some volatility, but these dynamics seem strong, but I'd like to hear your opinion on the topic.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: This is Juan. As you said, supply-demand fundamentals drove a reduction in inventory during the quarter. And as such, margins responded to that. A combination of factors. With the drop in corn prices, ethanol is a very competitive fuel. So the export demand has been very strong through traditional places and sometimes not-so-traditional places. Domestic demand was okay during the Q4. We've seen a little bit of a drop in domestic demand as the weather gets nastier in January. Obviously, nobody likes to drive in the dark and with icy roads. But we see export demand continue to be strong. So we enjoyed very good margins in Q4, and we are expecting strong margins going into 2014.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Juan, would you agree that you did not fully capture the spot margins in the fourth quarter? And consequently, could we expect margins for realized results at ADM to actually improve with ethanol going forward?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: So many moving pieces, David, in this sense. I think we saw strong margins at times. As I said, during Q4, we saw inventory being reduced. But then, production came back stronger. And with a little bit of a decline in demand in -- on gasoline, overall demand in January, inventories dropped -- stopped dropping, if you will, so it's kind of flattish. So I think you're going to see volatility. It's high volatility still, but with positive margins, so we're optimistic but remain cautious on the volatility of it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Ann Duignan. Can we step back to Ag Services again just for a moment? I just wanted to clarify something. With the capacity for farmers to store on farm, wouldn't we -- or shouldn't we always anticipate that during the fall as corn price are low, farmers will continue to do this every year, and structurally, through the course of the year, your margins will be lower?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: I think what -- I think, Ann, what we have seen this year is that -- traditionally, the farmers get into this with the beans with some material. But with 3 years of very low crops, what's happened is that all in-farm storage was very depleted. And I think what we've seen is a replenishment of the biplane that we haven't seen in quite a while. So this is not the usual occurrence, if you will.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But we've seen a significant increase in the amount of on-farm storage, so wouldn't we anticipate it to be a bigger issue going forward in a normal crop year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: But if you look at the statistics over the last 10 years, production has been growing at 2.2%, while in-farm storage has been growing at 1.1%. So in reality, we're not seeing a significant shift towards in-farm storage versus off-farm storage.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I'll leave it there and maybe come back offline. A separate question, just more of a philosophical question. For the calculation of return on invested capital, are you including impairment charges or not? And if not, why not?
Ray G. Young: For the adjusted ROIC -- I mean, for the reported ROIC, it includes everything. And for the adjusted ROIC, we did back out the impairment charges there. And the purpose there is just we're trying to reflect a run rate. Our adjusted ROIC calc [ph] is supposed to represent the run rate in terms of returns of our operation.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And your adjusted ROIC, that's fourth quarter, was that -- is that -- were you pleased with that? Would you like it to have been higher? How should we think about that going forward?
Ray G. Young: A couple of comments, Ann. This is a 4-quarter trailing average. And so, therefore, while it reflects our fourth quarter, it actually reflects the first 3 quarters of the year as well, which, as you know, was negatively impacted by the residual impacts of the 2012 drought. I think what we're encouraged about is the fact that it's turning. So it's actually -- even the 4-quarter trailing average is now turning in the right direction there. And second, when you look at the static ROIC-over-WACC, we're actually encouraged by just looking purely in the fourth quarter on a non-seasonally adjusted basis, it was actually a very good number.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So all things being equal, we should look forward to a stronger ROIC going into '14?
Ray G. Young: With the 4-quarter trailing average, as we kind of work through the first 3 quarters of 2013, you should start continuing to see improvements in that number.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Ryan Oksenhendler with Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to touch on Ag Services again because the numbers you gave, I guess, the normalized range being $200 million to $250 million, I thought the previous range was $150 million to $200 million on a normalized basis, but that just included the merchandising and transportation business. So can you bridge the gap? Because now you include milling in there, bridge the gap from the $150 million to $200 million to $200 million to $250 million now?
Ray G. Young: Yes, Ryan, that was simply adjustment for the milling, including the milling division as part of Ag Services. So it's really the same range. So the old $150 million to $200 million equals the $200 million to $250 million, and we haven't really updated that range yet. What we're going to do is we're going to see how the segment performs over the next little while. And then maybe by the end of the year, we could probably have an update in terms of what that range would be.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But is it fair to say that you guys have added some capacity over the last few years and that you've ripped out a decent amount of cost from that business as well, so the range is going to be higher?
Ray G. Young: That's the reason why I say we'll have an update on that range later this year, reflective of the assets that we put into the segment and our improvement in performance in that segment.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: And remember, Ryan, what I mentioned in the last call is that we like to see how the new assets perform under the full crop and that -- before we declare a range. And we haven't seen that as part of the reluctant corn-selling in the U.S. So we haven't seen that yet.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And so -- I mean, given the size of the corn crop, do you think that -- are you starting to see farmer-selling -- do you expect that to come in the next few months before planting season? Or are they waiting to see what happens with the number of acres they get planted in corn?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could it be a lot bigger than that number, given that the previous corn crop was 13 billion bushels versus the record crop we had this year?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: We should see a little bit better farmer-selling during -- in 2014. And we expect Ag Services results to improve from what we saw in the Q4 as we go forward and we commercialize the full crop.
Ray G. Young: Yes.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then just one more. If you could just give a little bit more detail, I mean, I guess, what happened in the international merchandising operations? Like from the execution issues that you had, could you give a little bit more specific detail?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. They were in different parts of the world. Argentina had some issues with smaller wheat crop and cancellation of exports, so that reduced the volume there. There were some issues in loading in Eastern Europe. There've been some issues with some rejections of boats in China. So I mean, issues here and there. Nothing by itself spectacular or very material, but when you start adding up several issues in a quarter, you get the result. Also, there were not that many merchandising opportunities out there. So when you have a reduced margin per se and then you have execution issues, you end up with the results we ended up with.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: There's been a lot of currency volatility in the last few weeks, especially with Latin American currencies. And I think your stock has been adversely affected by it and maybe wrongly so. And I want to know -- my perception is that the weaker currencies will improve the affordability of your Brazilian and Argentine crop as you merchandise it globally. But I suspect that there's other challenges as well. So can you just talk a little bit about how you are executing differently in an environment where these emerging market currencies are falling?
Ray G. Young: We've seen -- through the history of ADM, we've seen volatility in currencies, whereby the U.S. dollar is stronger and the U.S. dollar is weaker. We adapt to that, and we adjust to that. Frankly, for our fourth quarter results, currency was really not a factor in our results overall, and so we didn't -- that's the reason why we didn't call it out here at all. In looking at the first quarter, clearly, we've seen some weakness in emerging market currencies. Probably, the thing that we're watching more closely is not necessarily the currency moves but, really, what's happening in these specific countries from a political perspective and whether they put restrictions on imports and exports of grains. And so that's probably a bigger factor that we're watching more carefully than simply the volatility on the currency.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: I think also, Rob, what -- probably the biggest impact is in the psychology of the farmer and what it does to their intentions of selling, like you can see in Argentina now that they see their crop as a protection of value against the potential devaluation. So we're monitoring much more that impact.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I didn't notice anything with Paraguay's currency situation. Does it affect Paraguay at all or the farmer intentions there?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: No, we have been receiving beans in Paraguay. Plants have been running very, very well. So no, we have seen no issues there at all.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'll reiterate actually what David Driscoll said. It would definitely be helpful for an expanded P&L on the x-o [ph] items for sure. But I have a couple questions. One is, do you expect operating profit in sweeteners to hold steady in 2014 given the fructose pricing?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Ken, this is Juan. I think we -- it's a long road ahead. I mean, obviously, we are very early in the year, and there are many, many variables. We -- as I said before, pricing are weaker going in, than we expected. We have to see how much of that will be offset still by lower corn costs. We have some ability to manage our product mix. There are -- some of our products that are doing very well. There's going to be some opportunities because of our competitiveness in costs to pick up some spot export businesses. So all that goes into the pod. But overall, I will say the first indication is on headwind on price.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, great. The second question I have is the Argentine devaluation, I guess that it makes your products cheaper. But can you talk about the impact of the Argentine devaluation on the merchandising opportunities if -- maybe I'm going too far, but if there's a devaluation, wouldn't you see a lot of the crop out of Argentina move to the market? Would that create a near-term dislocation or just an overflow of exports that might limit the merchandising opportunities or can you work around that? Can you just talk about how you handle something like this?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes -- no. Certainly, when the opportunities come to the market, I mean, we will benefit from that. At this point in time, the farmers continue not to sell their soybean crops. The expectations are that maybe they're going to sell about 20% of that crop by March, so that may be 10 to 11 million tons of material. And certainly, we can easily handle that.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And my final question is the biodiesel number was extraordinary. Can you talk about the sustainability of this and how we kind of think about the biodiesel number for the going-forward look?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure. As you said, it was extraordinary. And as such, it will probably not repeat itself in the further quarters. You know that, certainly, with the elimination of the subsidy, there was some incentive for people to take advantage on that, and that we saw higher volumes in Q4. So I think we are waiting for EPA numbers, and that will determine a little bit the future of that. But certainly, we could see headwinds, and we cannot reproduce this kind of volumes.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A question on sweeteners and starches in the quarter. That number, year-over-year growth is very strong, and that's extraordinarily a strong number. Could you just share with us what were the factors that allowed that division to be so strong in this quarter?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Farha, this is Juan. Certainly, volumes were good for us, but the most important factor was the reduction in corn costs.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And so going forward, that reduction in corn costs, they're still going to be there. Clearly, pricing will come down into the next year. Perhaps, just going back to Ken's question a little bit, any additional color in terms of -- for the year-over-year number, how should we think about this division, given that this fourth quarter was so extraordinarily strong for you? Or maybe a longer-term normalized look at what you expect this quarter this sweetener and starches business to deliver.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, the sweeteners and starches business, as I said before, has -- it has more complexity than just the liquid sweeteners. So it's a portfolio of products, and it's very integral to the way we manage our asset flexibility and our product mix. So going into this year versus last year, the industry capacity have not increased. The demand of the volumes is going to be a little bit lower. There is this new soda tax in Mexico that some of the experts are predicting that maybe is going to impact about 5% of volume. There's also -- was a great sugar crop in Mexico that make sugar prices very, very low there. So those are the headwinds that we are seeing. And as I said, that has driven prices in these early negotiations down versus what we expected. Part of that will be offset by lower corn costs. But again, remember, Farha, we make more than 30 products from corn. So our ability to manage that, our ability to procure corn, that gives us an overall sense of profitability at the end of the year, and we've got 11 months ahead of us to turn that around. So again, early indications are some headwinds there, but we still have a lot of levers to pull.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on bioproducts, you've mentioned that you're operating that business better, particularly ethanol, and that you're implementing increased hedging. Historically, ADM used to be much more on the spot market in terms of ethanol. Could you share with us how you plan to manage the hedge program for that bioproducts division? And any color in terms of forward read you could give on that business, that would be really helpful.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, if you recall -- nothing specifically to point my finger on. Last year, in December, we had a very bad year. And we held a call to arms, in which we put everybody to review every step of the operation because last year inventories were very high, margins were very low, so we really needed a big intervention from management on how to turn around that business. So we looked at everything. And it's not that we had a particular weakness. It's just we looked at the risk management, the procurement, the transportation, the manufacturing, the distribution, every step of the chain, and we implemented the battery of actions in all those. And all those with a different intensity in different times of the year had been reflected in the improvements that we've seen in 2013, that plus the industry that obviously improved. So I wouldn't have -- I wouldn't put my finger in any particular thing, other than an overall improvement through the chain in the way we manage the program. And great kudos to the team that has done a fantastic job. And it's the same team that will handle '14, so we're very optimistic.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company: I just wanted to talk a little bit more on the ethanol side. You guys talked a little bit about the potential for some growth opportunity for E15 and E85. And I'm just wondering what some of the new capacity or, I guess, previously idled capacity coming back online. How much do you see E15 and E85 maybe growing in '14 and, really, over the next couple years?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Michael, listen, we're very encouraged by the recent improvement in the number of stations that are dispensing E15. It's obviously a slow process. We predicted it was going to be a slow process as maybe was E10, but we've seen the number of stations doubled recently to about 60 or 70 on a national basis that are dispensing E15. We see the number of stations dispensing E85 being in the 3,000. So we've seen some news about some of the gasoline distributors about embracing E15. So we think that gasoline -- ethanol being the lowest cost transportation fuel right now and as people realize that if they price it correctly, they can get market share and they can entice the consumer to use it, we think more and more will continue to happen. And the propagation of that is inevitable as -- because there is economic reason for that. So we're optimistic. It's very difficult to call a rate on something that we don't have control. So we just can only work with our partners to support that introduction. But we are very hopeful about and very optimistic and very confident, given the recent news.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, terrific. And just shifting gears a little bit, I mean, over the last quarter, there was some news about China rejecting some shipments of some U.S. corn. And I guess as you think about your Ag Services business, I mean, how much does that impact that segment of your business? And I mean, I guess now they've sort of specified which variety of the corn that they're not looking to take at the moment. But how does -- did that have any impact on your 4Q results? And is that something you can manage through or how do you handle that?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Michael, the impact was rather small in Q4, but we had an impact. Certainly, it's not business as usual anymore. Our team has worked very diligently in this. We are working very close with the farmers to encourage them to understand exactly what they are planting, working closely with them on understanding whether they're going to be delivering in every location, having all the stewardship programs in place, reviewing also some of the contracts to make sure that we have the proper tolerances to what we can deliver. So we'll probably increase the intensity in which we are looking at the whole process and how vigilant we are. But I will say we didn't have a significant impact in Q4.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, great. And then my last question is just with respect to Argentina, with a lot of the farmers sort of holding back the sales of soybeans over the last 3 months, how do you think about how that will impact your North American crushing margins once some of those soybeans start heading to market? And I guess, taking a broader look, I mean, do you think that could create some headwinds in '14 or do you think that the U.S. demand is strong enough for your products that, even if there is more competition from Argentina later in the year, that your margins can hold?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes to both. Yes, when Argentina brings all that capacity to market and produce the meal, certainly, they will try to export it. So that will put some pressure on either Europe or even the export demand that we're seeing from the U.S. But we continue to see very strong demand continue to grow then, and we need every bean out there to try to satisfy that demand. So it's a little bit of both, to be honest though.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with CL King.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: The first question, I don't know if Pat is still in the room, but probably the combination of Pat and Juan, but, Pat, you've done a really good job in getting those returns up in the company and a focus on returns. And you've indicated and shown and displayed that you are willing to divest low-return, either strategic or even non-strategic, assets in your process going forward. Can you just talk a little bit about where you are with that, what you see as more opportunity for ADM to improve their returns via maybe the divestiture thereof of some low-return assets?
Patricia A. Woertz: Yes, Eric, the -- I think you're right that we think what drives shareholder value is a combination of earnings growth, strong capital returns and a compelling strategy for growth going forward that is a value-creating growth. So I think the changes that we've implemented, that Juan and the team have implemented, that Ray and the team have implemented, related to focusing on returns and looking at an economic value creation, is really both -- on both sides of sort of a portfolio look. Those areas with strong returns, what does the future of those areas look like? Is there ways to expand? As well as those on the lower end, is this just a secular issue? Is this something that, forward look, can't be changed? And everything is under review. So I think it's a more detailed granular global look at individual businesses that everything is on the table for the opportunities ahead, and that can include some portfolio changes. Maybe I'll ask Juan to comment on how that gets implemented with each business as they're looking at this going forward, but I think there's a very strong emphasis on overall portfolio management for the ability to get returns that are -- our objective is 200 basis points above WACC, to do that over this cycle and to be able to create that value with the larger portion being in higher-returned areas.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: So, Eric, Pat just spoke about the granularity of our approach. And I think very simplistically, I think, if you think about the strategic characterization of our portfolio, making sure each individual business understands what is the most value-creating strategy for them going forward. For some of them, it's improved profitability with a sense of urgency. For some of them, it's to grow. It depends on how are they in -- respective to their delivering against WACC. So I think it's very important to have that. So you don't have everybody trying to chase growth or everybody curtailing growth because it's looking at profitability. We are a large company, we are a complex company, and we need to manage the portfolio with that level of granularity to be maximizing value creation.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. A more specific question. The futures curve, you talked about historic basis in corn, particularly corn in the fourth quarter. Now that curve has flattened out quite a bit in January. And we're starting to see estimates of 93-plus million acres to be planted this year. And obviously, the incentive is coming down pretty quickly for farmers to hold on to their corn. And they're going to need to get some cash in their pocket to pay for some input costs here pretty quick because planting is 60 to 90 days around the corner here. It doesn't -- it seems to me that you really can't go much beyond toward the end of the first quarter or maybe the start of the second quarter before you start seeing this corn free up, unless there aren't the merchandising opportunities on the export side, et cetera, that create the impetus for them to release those crops. So I guess, the question is, timing seems like it should be more in favor given the futures curve to release some of those. And what is the outlook for corn exports given the Ukraine and Argentina and Brazil and the competition for that and then, obviously, the disruption in the Ukraine? It's a big question.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, no, that's all right.
Patricia A. Woertz: It's all over the world there.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Eric, as I look at corn, certainly, at the moment, good export demand, we continue to see good export demand from the U.S. So that's offering support to corn. Certainly, you see the resistance on -- coming from the side of the farmer selling. And as you said, at one point in time, they need to sell to get some cash. I think that there is some expectations, as you mentioned, on the acreage that maybe the farmers think that for corn to buy some of those acreage out of soybeans, it needs to rally a little bit, and maybe that's the last hope that they are trying to hold to their grains to. A farmer is very well capitalized. They don't need to borrow. So at this point, they've seen higher prices. Obviously, corn dropped much more than soybean recently. So they just -- they don't like the current prices, and they are waiting.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, yes. Well, I mean, there's obviously no incentive to hold beans. And again, you do have a positive basis yet. There is a basis in corn, but it's -- obviously, it's come down a bit in recent weeks. So it just seems, at some point here, that, that's going to open up for them.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: But the other -- just kind of the final question that I have -- I could ask a lot of questions. But when you look out for the kind of the domestic soy crush, given the disparity in the protein markets today, very high beef pricing, relatively high pork pricing and chicken being a very favorably priced meat protein, is that really an overriding key factor that should keep your domestic meal demand pretty strong?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, we're seeing it the same way, Eric. To be honest, I mean, it's been strong, and it continues to be strong. So we're very optimistic about our crushing going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just have a couple of questions left. Could you just tell me what -- in your $0.95 calculation, what was the tax rate you had in the quarter?
Ray G. Young: Well, for the -- as you know, on a reported basis, it was a higher tax rate because of all the valuation allowances, et cetera, et cetera. When you actually back out all the special items and the valuation allowances, we were actually running around a 30% rate for the quarter.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. I'll follow up offline because I was getting closer to 25%. And then maybe, Pat, on this EPA issue with ethanol, I know the common period has just ended or it's about to end. And from what I'm reading, it sounds like there's likely to be some litigation and so forth. But you guys are -- make a lot of money in a quarter. I think the fiscal [ph] sets the most since '06. Export market is good. Corn is cheap. You have incentive there to use E15. I mean, if this EPA ruling, in the end, doesn't go your way, how upset are you?
Patricia A. Woertz: Any time the government makes a plan and you make investments related to that plan, you're disappointed if they change the rules in the game. But I think, to your point, economics are kind of the rule of the day, and economics generally override what is even -- or some of the demand assumptions. I think with E10, and at least you figure -- that's going to grow to the 13 billion, 13.4 billion gallons. Juan mentioned E85 had some growth, so does E15. Exports could be 500 million to maybe 1 billion gallons we've seen in some given years. So I think you see a market that, potentially, economics could just use up all the production, which is what you'd like to think would be the case that we saw marching toward 2015. So maybe you even get a little bit of that movement occurring here in 2014. So no, you don't like to see the rules of the game change, but again, economics, at the end of the day, are kind of what seems to be the ruling factor.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And do you have a sense in what the -- sort of what -- let's assume EPA makes the ruling final. What are the stages of litigation? How long do you think it would take to sort of move that issue through the courts? I mean, what court would it go to?
Patricia A. Woertz: I probably am not an expert to comment on that at all. I think the EPA has indicated something about the summer now being their -- the timing of this. So maybe you'll find that life just goes on without any comments from them. And where litigation goes from that, I wouldn't comment.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Russell with Macquarie.
Andrew Russell - Macquarie Research: Yes, just continuing on oilseeds prices and wheat on demand a bit earlier. But there are reports of competitors closing soybean crushing plants in North America, based on weak U.S. soy meal demand and, obviously, a big soybean crop in South America. Could you maybe just hit a bit further on sort of how demand is playing out locally, maybe specifically in the [indiscernible] sector?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think that -- Andrew, this is Juan. We -- I remember, a couple of years ago, we suffered really with low capacity utilization in North America as South America had a very big growth. And we went through a sort of review of our facilities, and we actually shut down some of our facilities. So we are very happy and content with where our facilities are placed and the integration that our facilities has in terms of having crushing and refineries and all that. So at this point in time, from a demand perspective and also from an availability of beans perspective, we are very happy with our footprint, and that's reflected on the results. We see demand, going forward, continues strong. We are working very close with our customers not only in standard products but also in more specialty products, as I mentioned before. So I think the team is in a very good place in North America.
Andrew Russell - Macquarie Research: Got it. And maybe just secondly, following up, you pointed to strategic M&A opportunities, you're able to increase your holding in GrainCorp. Could a tie-up perhaps with a local operator bring that deal back to the table?
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, I'd be disappointed, Andrew, if I didn't get a question on GrainCorp, particularly with your accent. I think the strategic rationale for ownership in GrainCorp remains the same today as it did before with -- it's a good business location, strategic region, proximity to Asia. We're pleased with our current ownership stake and have no plans to sell it at this time. As you may know, though, GrainCorp is going through -- and we're very respectful of our process as they identify a new CEO. They have an interim CEO. So we'd like to work with them and create value for both companies. But I won't comment on any increase in stake at this time. We're evaluating that option, and they're in the process of making a change at the top, so I'll leave it at that.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A quick question. In the slides, I think you said that warm weather in Europe was a positive for your biodiesel demand, and I wasn't quite sure why that would be the case.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, normally, it's just the driving season and also the difficulties of dealing with biodiesel in very cold weather. Early in the quarter, the weather was seasonally a little bit warmer than expected in Germany at that point in time.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So it's just ease of use and also driving? Okay.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Exactly, yes.
Operator: And we have another follow-up question from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ray and Juan and Pat, but starting with Ray, when I look at the cash balance and the total debt and RMIs, effectively, it's a net cash balance sheet, an extremely clean balance sheet. I think the -- I forget exactly what the share repurchase, the 18 million shares, is like $700-and-some-odd million in 2014, a $1.4 billion CapEx expenditure is very trivial in respect to the cash that was generated by the firm and the size and the quality of the balance sheet right now. Bottom line here, it just feels like you have the capacity to do a lot of things that, perhaps, you haven't really talked about. Maybe you can't because it's M&A focused. But I'd just like you guys to spend just a couple of minutes here. It's been a long time since I've seen a balance sheet this strong for ADM. You look like you have the potential for something big. Following GrainCorp, what's the amount of assets that you see out there that are potentially available for sale?
Ray G. Young: Well, let me start. First of all, we acknowledge the balance sheet is pretty strong as of the end of 2013, when we developed a capital plan for 2014, we reflected upon the cash that we're going to generate in '14. And we want to make sure that we -- with the cash generated in '14, that we provide a balanced approach in terms of returning some of it to our shareholders, and some of it we're going to reinvest in the business. But effectively, we're preserving -- through the 2014 capital plan, we're still preserving effectively the year-end balance sheet of 2013 for us to undertake strategic initiatives. And it's important for us to do that. I think, as you know, we still want to grow the business. There are opportunities geographically that we want to look at. But we're going to be very prudent about that. We're going to be very careful and make sure that these are investments which continue to generate good long-term returns for our company. Let me turn it over to Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: David, as we look at opportunities, certainly, this is an industry, from a grain perspective, of relatively high capital intensity and low margins. So you need to make sure you are very prudent in how you invest this to make sure you return the cost of capital. So in that area, we're looking at mostly consolidation plays. So -- and so we don't want to add that much capacity, but consolidation plays, we think, is something that we can take advantage of. Plugging those assets into our system, they benefit, we benefit, I think the shareholder benefits. In terms of other M&As, we have many growth projects, internal growth projects, but we are looking also to -- for some specialty products that are very synergistic with our product lines, as we go around the world and work with our customers and see whether they are getting new regulations and new trends that they need to fulfill and whether we can fulfill them with our products, we develop those products. But when we can, we are looking to add that to continue to keep those customers satisfied and buying from ADM most of their purchases.
Patricia A. Woertz: Maybe I'll add then, David, to your point, I would agree that it's been -- it's a very strong balance sheet. And to build on Ray and Juan, both, what we've talked about in terms of a balanced capital plan for next year, it's really the $1.4 billion includes sort of smaller M&A and as well as the growth projects we've talked about in maintenance and our new ERP project that we call One ADM [ph]. But we can also be able to look at strategic M&A, and that doesn't mean one that has -- doesn't have good returns. I think we've shown discipline. We've looked at assets that need to meet our return hurdles and maybe expanding beyond just consolidation, but some of these specialty products, et cetera, we have the capability to do that and do it smartly if the opportunity is there.
Operator: And at this time, we have reached our allotted time for questions. And I would like to turn the call back over to Patricia.
Patricia A. Woertz: Very good. Well, thank you, everyone, for your attention today. If you turn back to Slide 15, it does show our upcoming investor events. Please follow up with Case if you have any further questions or details today, and thanks again for your time and interest. Bye now.
Operator: Well, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Case McGee Patricia A. Woertz - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Juan Ricardo Luciano - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Cornell Burnette Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Piken Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Case McGee, Vice President, Investor Relations, for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. McGee, you may begin.
Case McGee: Thank you, McKinsey. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On today's call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Our Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review the drivers of our operations performance and provide an update on strategic initiatives. Then, they will take your questions. Please turn to Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Case, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter call. This morning, we reported third quarter net earnings of $476 million or $0.72 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.46 per share. Segment operating profit was $606 million. The team delivered solid operating results despite the lingering effects of the 2012 U.S. drought. Oilseeds performed well, particularly in North America and in South America. Corn benefited from improved ethanol margins and ag services managed effectively through the transition to the new crop. Looking forward, as record global crop supplies refill the pipeline, we will employ our efficient network to meet strong demand from customers around the world. I'll now turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Slide 4 provides some financial highlights for the quarter, which I'll run through briefly. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.46 per share compared to $0.53 last year. Segment operating profit was $606 million compared to last year's $498 million. Last year's results included a $146 million impairment charge related to our investment in Gruma. Our effective tax rate for this quarter was 32%, which is higher than the 29% rate that we booked in the second quarter. The higher effective tax rate this quarter is due to some adjustments to discrete items in our book tax expense of $12 million and a resulting true up of our prior quarter tax rates to our estimated calendar year tax rate. For forecasting purposes, you should assume that we will finish up calendar year 2013 with an average tax rate of about 30%. Our trailing 4-quarter average adjusted ROIC of 5.7% was 50 basis points below our weighted average cost of capital of 6.2%. During the third quarter, our 5.7% adjusted ROIC was consistent with the second quarter adjusted ROIC. But a WACC of 6.2% is up 50 basis points from the second quarter and up 60 basis points from last year, due to a combination of higher interest rates, stronger ADM stock price and a more delevered balance sheet, which I will review shortly. Juan will provide some perspectives for our business in the fourth quarter, but we do expect the ROIC-versus-WACC spread to start turning in the fourth quarter with the quarterly ROIC-over-WACC spread to be solidly positive from improvements in earnings and in invested capital base benefiting from our focus on cash flow generation, although the 4-quarter trailing average ROIC in the fourth quarter may be closer to WACC. On Chart 18 in the Appendix, you can see the reconciliation of reported earnings to adjusted earnings for the quarter ending September 30. For this quarter, we had a LIFO credit of $298 million or $0.28 per share. In addition, we had mark-to-market valuation gains on foreign currency hedges of $26 million or $0.02 per share related to our planned purchase of GrainCorp. We also had impairment charges of $23 million on several assets worth about $0.02 per share. And we had a quarterly tax rate adjustment of $0.02 per share related to truing up the first and second quarter tax rates to the estimated calendar year 2013 rates. Slide 5 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Juan will talk about the segment results in his update, but I'd like to highlight several items in the operating results. In the corn segment, we are separating out the corn hedge ineffectiveness, gains and losses. For this third quarter, we brought into results an additional $11 million of hedged mark-to-market losses that otherwise would have been deferred into the future. When Juan talks about operating results for corn, we have taken out these hedge ineffectiveness impacts in order to provide a better sense of the underlying operating performance. In the ag services segment, included in the results were about $30 million of gains in insurance recoveries related to our property claim from 2012. We self-insured this property with the captive insurance operations and hence, there is an offsetting $30 million loss in the financial line. Results for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, and ag services also included the $146 million impairment charge related to Gruma. Now let me touch on a few lines of items of significance in the corporate line. I mentioned LIFO earlier. A credit of $298 million for the quarter, as significant declines in commodity prices during the quarter greatly impacted our LIFO inventory reserves. That's compared to a charge of $53 million a year ago. Interest expense of $105 million for the quarter, down from the prior year. Unallocated corporate expenses of $97 million were up from the $70 million level a year ago, due primarily to a higher special project cost, higher community investment commitments and the absence of some prior year credits. I mentioned the mark-to-market valuation gain of $26 million related to our Australian dollar hedging. And finally, the other of negative $19 million includes some mark-to-market valuation losses related to our investment in CIP compared to some gains last year. Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 6. We present here the cash flow statement for the 9 months ending September 30, 2013, compared to the same period the prior year. We generated $1.4 billion from operations before working capital changes in the first 9 months of 2013 compared to $1.8 billion last year. Working capital changes were a source of $3.4 billion of cash in the period, compared to last year when they were a significant use of cash. Total capital spending for the 9 months was $659 million and acquisitions amounted to $35 million. After changes in working capital and investments, our free cash flow for the first 9 months of 2013 was over $4 billion, compared to the use of cash of $600 million last year. Our cash flows are benefiting from lower commodity prices and our focus on cash flow generation. With the strong cash flows, we're able to reduce drawings [ph] on our working capital lines, such as commercial paper borrowings. We did repurchase about 2.5 million shares during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date purchases to about $100 million or a total of about 2.8 million shares. We have about 11 million more shares to repurchase to offset the impact of the equity unit conversion. We finished out the quarter with an average of 664 million shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Slide 7 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of September 30 for both 2013 and 2012. Cash on hand was approximately $3.5 billion, up about $1.8 billion from the prior year. Our operating working capital was about $10 billion, down from the $15 billion level last year or a reduction of $5 billion. Of this reduction, about $2 billion was related to lower quantities of inventory. Total debt was about $6.9 billion, resulting in a net debt balance, that is, debt less cash, of $3.4 billion, down significantly from the 2012 level of $8.8 billion. Our shareholders' equity of $19.6 billion is about $1 billion higher than the level last year. Our ratio of net debt to total capital, that is, excluding cash from gross debt, is 15%, much improved from the September 30, 2012, level of 32%. In many respects, our balance sheet leverage is low at the end of this September, impacted by the small U.S. carryout and the late U.S. harvest, as well as lower corn prices. In addition, our balance sheet is ready to fund the GrainCorp transaction when it closes, as well as the accumulation of inventory in the fourth quarter as we go through the North American harvest. At the same time, our focus on capital efficiency and generating cash from the assets is translating into a strong balance sheet as well. We had $8.7 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of September. If you add the available cash, we had access to about $12 billion of liquidity. Next, Juan will take us through an operational review of the quarter. Juan?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. We have made some changes to this portion of our presentation. My comments will focus more on the drivers of our results and our underlying performance and less on the accounting variances between periods. The slide shows both sequential results and year ago results. So if you turn to Slide 8, I will start with segment operating profit and then move on to discuss the 3 major segments. The team managed well through the steep inverse, minimizing inventories by keeping operations running at efficient rates and our customers well supplied. This was a solid performance in a very tough environment. Our underlying segment operating profit was slightly down, both sequentially and year-over-year. If you turn to Slide 9, starting with the oilseeds team, who managed the inverse very well in North and South America. Amid a strong foreign and domestic demand and a tight crop balance sheet, the strategic locations of our U.S. operations and the ability of our team to source and transport beans allowed us to maintain good crush rates. And as farmers brought in the harvest, that same origination and transportation network kept our plants supplied with new crop beans. Meanwhile, in South America, our team moved large export volumes through our efficient river and port operations at the peak of the inverse, capturing strong margins. In Northern Brazil, we continued preparing our new port ahead of the harvest. Also, I want to note that our protein specialties business set a new record operating profit as we continued to grow our high value-added ingredients business. In corn, Slide 10, margins in our sweeteners and starches business remain solid as our sweetener shipments to Mexico were relatively stable. Our ethanol team managed through continued volatility, and margins remained positive as higher gasoline demand and lower corn inventories kept supply and demand relatively balanced. We continued to identify and implement new projects to further improve our cost advantage in this business. And our renewable chemicals group had its most profitable quarter to date. Slide 11, please. Ag services managed effectively through the crop transition and the steep inverse. As U.S. crop supplies dwindled, July and August exports from the Gulf of Mexico were seasonably low. As the large harvests began to arrive in September, exports rose to higher-than-average levels. Our international merchandising team had a challenging quarter. And with low crop supplies, our barge business found other freight to move, including frac sand and building supplies. Once the harvest started in the Mississippi River Delta, our ARTCO barge line handled about 40% of the region's total crop. Also, this quarter, we opened our intermodal container hub here in Decatur. This so-called inland port will allow ADM and our transportation customers to further leverage ADM's prime location, with access to 3 Class 1 railroads and 5 major U.S. highways. Our milling business continued to perform very well. As we look to position ADM for better performance and better returns, we are focused on 3 key areas: Strengthening the core business, expanding our business and managing our portfolio. Let me update you on Slide 12 on the 3 key areas. Strengthening the core includes our efforts on the 3 Cs: Capital, cost and cash. We are ahead of schedule in our cost management efforts. We have implemented the steps that will deliver more than half of our targeted -- target of an additional $200 million in cost reductions by the end of 2014. In cash, we continued to benefit from the focus of the $1 billion challenge efforts created in the organization. We not only achieved $2 billion in working cash reductions, but we also elevated ADM's overall focus on cash generation. We can see that reflected in our strong cash flow again this quarter. And in capital, we remain on pace to invest around $1 billion in 2013. For 2014, we expect to be a little higher but remain under $1.5 billion for the year. Our effort to expand the business includes our pending acquisition of GrainCorp. We are making good progress here, with 7 out of 9 jurisdictions having cleared the deal. In the third quarter, we received clearance from South Africa, Japan, the European Commission and South Korea. We continue to work with authorities in Australia and China to achieve the final approvals. Earlier this month, the Australian Treasurer issued an interim order, which commits the government to a decision by December 17 at the latest. Based on this, we expect closing to be sometime in the first quarter of 2014. And in our ongoing portfolio management efforts, we continue to focus on cocoa. We are happy to report that business conditions improved in the third quarter, as we suggested would happen on our last call. And we're very proud of the way our team capitalized on the improved business environment. Regarding discussions about the potential sales of this business, we have no news to report. And finally, on Slide 13, we wanted to discuss some of the factors we think will influence our business in both the fourth quarter and in 2014. As we mentioned, the world will have record supplies of corn, oilseeds and wheat. In the U.S., we are expecting a record corn crop and a very large soybean crop. In Brazil, we're anticipating record soybean planting, and we're seeing strong grains production in the Black Sea region. These large supplies will present an excellent opportunity for us to utilize our global storage and transportation assets. They will mean lower cost inputs for our process in operations, and they will make all of our products more competitive versus substitutes. We see strong demand for U.S. soybean exports. We expect this demand to continue, though we're mindful of significant soybean stocks held by farmers in Argentina. Around the world, we continue to see strong global demand for oilseeds and protein meal. In the U.S., the expiration of the biodiesel blenders' credit at the end of this year is driving strong biodiesel demand in the fourth quarter. And we are encouraged by the growth of our protein specialty business in oilseeds. The record U.S. corn harvest will mean ample supplies for ethanol production. We'll be watching industry production levels relatively to demand, and we will continue to adjust our plans to maximize our own profitability. We expect continued ethanol margin volatility. In 2014, between favorable blending economics, expansion of E85 adoption and growing exports, we remain confident in our ethanol business. Pat?
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Juan. So just to summarize, we had solid overall performance, driven by North and South American oilseeds and improved ethanol margins, ag services managed the transition effectively. We're ahead on cost management, and we're seeing great results from our cash efforts. Looking ahead, large supplies, strong demand, lots of opportunity. So with that, operator, if you would please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Zen -- I'm sorry, Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montral.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just have a couple of questions. One is, can you talk about the progress on the sale of the cocoa business? I don't know -- I just -- hear [ph] the update on that.
Patricia A. Woertz: Sure, Ken. Juan covered it a bit in his comments, but let me say a little more. Certainly, conditions have improved since the third quarter, and we're proud of the way the team has capitalized on that improving business environment. So that's sort of the first thing. Any discussions about the potential sale, we don't have any news to report this quarter. It is part of our disciplined approach that we look at portfolio management and evaluate everything and take into account all of what our discussions would be. But it wouldn't be appropriate to comment on any of those discussions today, so we don't have any news about the sale.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. The other 2 questions I have is with the change -- the potential change for the RFS, can you talk about your view on what that status would be and how that would actually change your outlook for ethanol margins into 2014?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Ken. Juan here. The EPA has confirmed that they have made no final decision in that regard. So to comment on rumors, it would be speculative at this point. I just think about the conditions in the market right now, with the U.S. record corn crop and corn prices having declined, the economics are very strong to blend ethanol today. Between these economics to blend, Ken, the expansion of E85 and E15 blends, the surplus reins [ph] that they are carrying to 2014 and the growing exports in ethanol as corn becomes more competitive in the U.S., we are very confident in the industry's ability to meet the 2014 [ph] corn-based requirements. So we don't see major reasons for any change in policy at this point in time.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. If there were a change in policy, would you think that the margins would be more volatile or would it not change it because of the lower corn prices? Can you just give some conceptual view on -- if there were changes, if there were -- does that change any of your outlook for 2014?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: If there were changes in policy, first, I will be highly disappointed since we've invested based on the policy and we invested it for the long term. But I will say, we continue to see export potential and that is growing. There are some experts that are talking maybe even 1 billion gallons for next year. And I think if this is a mature market in the absence of growth from the RFS, so we will manage as such and we will adjust supply and demand to maximize profitability. So we continue to expect volatility, but we are positive about margins. We continue to emphasize in a smaller market that we are at the first quartile end of the cost curve, if you will. So I think that, if you think on the long term, on a smaller potential ethanol market, it may impact the high-cost producers. And that's why I emphasized in my remarks, we continue to find opportunities to extend our cost advantage in ethanol.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Oksenhendler with Bank of America Securities Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you guys just talk about -- I was really surprised by how well oilseeds did during the quarter, particularly your commentary around North America. Could you talk about, I guess, what was driving that? And maybe if you can provide a little information about the mix of contributions from North America and South America, because I think everyone kind of expected South America to be good, and then kind of how you see it going forward over the next 2 or 3 quarters.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, Ryan, yes. North America, as you described, had an exceptional performance this quarter. We emphasized the location of our plants to allow us to get good access to beans. But the team did an exceptional performance, running a very, very tight environment. Demand was very steady on a domestic basis, very strong on an export perspective. So we took full advantage of that. Obviously, run rates of our oilseeds were relatively lower than other quarters, but margins expanded. So I think we managed that combination very, very well. When you look at South America, we had a very strong quarter, mostly driven by origination, the corn exports and all that. As you know, our ag services business or our origination business reports under oilseeds in South America, and that's what you saw there. From a crushing perspective, the environment, as we look at Europe, even China or North America, Northern Hemisphere is strong. We expect it to be strong on a steady domestic supply in the -- domestic demand in the U.S. and as I said, a strong export meal market for probably the next 2 quarters. So we are -- we continue to be bullish about our soybeans business.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then just in terms of free cash flow, it looks like you generated like $2 billion -- about $2 billion in the quarter, maybe if you could talk about the expectations going forward. It seems like grain prices have moderated since quarter end. And then the potential uses of cash because you're clearly in the middle of making a major acquisition, which -- it seems like you already have cash on hand for, I don't know, that I would expect another major acquisition, so maybe there might be something minor there in terms of M&A. But debt paydown, I don't think you paid down some more debt this quarter. Is there any reason not to expect significant share repurchase going forward?
Ray G. Young: It's Ray here. Yes, we're working through a couple of things right now. First of all, our expectation is, with a normal U.S. harvest here, we do expect grain prices to remain fairly subdued here. At the same time, there are a couple of things ahead of us. As you pointed out, the GrainCorp acquisition, we'll have to fund that. And again, our balance sheet is pretty strong, able to handle that through our operating cash flows. Secondly, we are working through our 2014 business plan at this juncture right now and are determining what kind of projects we have in front of us for next year. That will also guide us in terms of some of the capital structure considerations. Thirdly, our credit metrics. I mean, our balance sheet leverage right now is pretty good. I mean, it's come down dramatically. At the same time, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio remains somewhat strained, and that's due to the fact that we haven't -- due to the residual impacts of the 2012 drought, our earnings haven't been that strong. So we're looking for a recovery of the debt-to-EBITDA ratio also in order to determine how we're going to approach the share buybacks in the future. But assuming prices remain -- commodity prices remain low and assuming earnings recovery occurs and assuming no other factors to our horizon, we can see ourselves accelerating the pace of share buybacks to mitigate the impact of the equity unit dilution. As I indicated in my remarks, there's about 11 million more shares that we need to buy to fully offset the equity unit conversions. And then beyond that, we clearly are examining our -- all of our options for capital allocation, including share buybacks, with the objective, clearly, of driving returns, and as you know, our objective is to generate returns on invested capital above WACC of at least 200 basis points to over the cycle. So that's really guiding us in terms of how we're thinking through a lot of our capital allocation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crdit Suisse Securities LLC.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to see if you had a sense of the demand side for oilseeds, specifically in the livestock industry. I think one of your competitors said that they expect customers to start refilling their inventories. So I just wanted to see if you -- when you take the pulse of your customer base, do you see that happening and do you see any rebuilding going on in the livestock industry in response to lower prices? And then just a quick follow-up, on your comment here that Europe was weak because of limited soybean availability, I always thought of Europe as a rapeseed market. So I just wanted to know why the comment there on soybeans.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Rob. This is Juan. I'm not sure I said that Europe was weak on soybean availability.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's what it says in the press release, Juan.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Okay. Europe was -- is, as you said before, is a rapeseed market basically. We had higher raw material costs that impacted us in Europe, and a little bit of the soybean mill coming from South America put some pressure on that. But in reality, when you look -- compared to the previous year, Europe had a very good quarter. So in general, we enjoy good margins there. Going back to your original question about the customers, we see, as I said before, solid domestic demand. Customers are gaining back into profitability, and they seem to be having good prospects into the future. So we see our pipeline for continued good demand here in North America. As I said, probably until we start running out of beans, maybe Q2, Q3 next year, we see strong margins.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I just ask a quick follow-up? On high-fructose corn syrup in Mexico, there's word of potential, I guess, regulatory efforts to reduce sugar in beverages or discourage it. How are you thinking of that in your business? And is there any impact that we should consider?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So when we look at the situation in sweeteners going forward, we see there are some headwinds, as you described. Mexico is going to have a big sugar crop, a record sugar crop that has dropped prices. And also, there are these soda tax that you described. It's difficult -- first of all, the tax is not a law yet, but it's difficult to estimate the impact that will have. We don't know exactly how it's going to impact one-serving eat [ph] items, if that's going to apply or not. And also, you have to remember that the soda marketing people are very good price managers, and I'm sure they're going to position price correctly to minimize the impact. There are some estimates -- or they are saying maybe a 5% drop in consumption. It is a speculation at this point in time. But so those are the headwinds, if you will. The tailwind, to look at it on the other side, is that our corn prices are much lower, so our products are much more competitive. And that's going to narrow some of the gap to sugar in certain parts of the world. So we're still positive about getting volumes as planned, maybe a little bit of a headwind, as you described, but I would remain very positive. This has been a relatively stable business for us, and we've been delivering volumes as per plan, so far.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
Cornell Burnette: This is Cornell Burnette in with a question for David. Okay, great. I just -- earlier, Juan, you talked about the schedule in the RFS move into 14.4 billion gallons next year. But I would say, looking at the E10 blend well [ph], that gives us just about 13 billion gallons, and the E15 seems to be coming -- becoming a bit maybe slower than maybe we would have thought in the past. So it seemed to get to that 14.4 billion metric. We would really need, I think, to be driven by E85. I just wanted to ask, what was your opinion on the adoption of E85? And then also if you could talk a bit about E85 economics versus E10, that would be great.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Sure, yes. Cornell, I agree with you. If we look at the evolution of E15 and E85, E15 implementation, the implementation of those blends is coming slower than expected, and there are obviously issues of infrastructure there and convincing of people to switch. When we look at E85, we've seen a completely different picture there. We have already approximately 3,200 stations dispensing E85 these days. I get frequent reports -- there was a week, I think, in September where maybe something like 20, 25 work -- new stations started to dispense E85. E85 allows to, when people price it correctly, to get the full impact of the advantage that corn brings here to the table. At -- in some places, it's priced at about $1 under E10 mixture. So we see that as a really positive for us to get to the number. As I said before, there are 1 billion D6 RINs going into next year. There is E85 growth, as I said, in these 3,200 stations. When we look at the numbers of how much volume or how many gallons these E85 could represent for us, if people would price E85 low enough to entice conversion, perhaps as much as 3 billion gallons over the next 2 years could be there. So if you start thinking of potentially 1 billion gallons of exports, 1 billion RINs for next year and maybe 1 billion gallons of E85 over time, we feel very confident that we can deliver it on those numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: First one is on milling. While it's smaller business for you guys, it had an exceptionally strong quarter. I was wondering if it's seasonality or anything in particular you would highlight on that milling business, and what we should look for going forward.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Farha, this is Juan. Yes, the business was strong on seasonality. And we have, especially on the food side of it, was a strong demand. And we have an exceptional team. They execute very, very well. So all in all, a very, very solid performance. Sometimes we underestimate or undermention them just because they are so solid that they continue to deliver very good business for us.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes. And then a harder business just for us to kind of predict is how merchandising and transportation, what we can expect with the large crop, particularly with transportation, given that we're hearing that barge rates and rail rates are going up significantly with the large crop coming in. Does that benefit you guys in the fourth quarter? Is that something that will benefit you throughout next year? Could you just give us some more color regarding transportation, and then how you expect that merchandising business to perform over the next few quarters, given that the crop is coming in late and it sounds like the initial crop is going in the bin rather going to merchandisers? Just some color around that would be really helpful.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, you gave already an excellent picture, Farha. This is Juan. Listen, the way we look at this is obviously, a big crop will present with -- to ADM and to ag services, an excellent opportunity to fully utilize all our assets, our fixed assets, our transportation assets, and we will work to maximize that over the several quarters. We're probably going to have a full year ahead of us of high profits for ag services. Whether they all fall in the fourth quarter or not, I mean it will depend on how do we execute based on maximizing opportunities. There may be different market situations that make us -- that some of those profits overspill into Q1 or some different situations, market conditions that make those profits to fall into Q4. I think we focused on maximizing the long term, the year, if you will, in that sense, profits for the shareholders. So don't hold us too tight on Q4 in that sense. The crop is just being harvested. It's probably 80% corn and -- 80% soybean and 60% corn. So there's still a lot of decisions that need to be made by the farmer in terms of marketing their grains and whether the market is going to put more carry or not. So at this point in time, we are excited. We've seen in Q3 already September volumes, export volumes and also transportation occupancy rates coming up significantly. So it's a good preview into what could be a strong Q4. Whether it's going to be a record Q4 or some of that will be in 2014, we'll have to see, depending on the market conditions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe another question on ethanol, and Juan, just maybe on E85, and as we think about the pace of adoption here. And I guess, I'm trying to really get a sense of how you alluded to $1 billion -- 1 billion gallons of E85 consumption. Do you think that's going to happen in the next 12 months? Or how quickly do you think we can get widespread E85 adoption, given the current corn and gasoline price environment?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. There are a lot of vehicles out there, obviously, that can use this fuel, so a lot will depend on we don't have that power to price it correctly, and I said that before. We have seen -- the number of stations dispensing E85 is growing every week, which is a very good sign that this is a profitable business and a growing business for the owners. Obviously, as I said before, it could be priced $1 or more advantage already, then that will drive more consumption. There are today 240,000 vehicles on the road today that can consume this.
Patricia A. Woertz: It's 14,000 flex fuel.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, 14,000 -- sorry, 14,000 flex fuel vehicles. So again, I think the issue will depend all on how effectively can you price it. I think making a forecast on how quickly can it grow, it could be dangerous not having the tool of pricing. But we feel that there is -- that the vehicle -- there are the number of vehicles have dared to have that kind of impact. So again, we were thinking of something about 3 billion gallons over the next 2 years. And I know -- I don't know exactly how we're going to ramp up 1 year -- in the first year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just a second question on cost. And I know you've given targets for $200 million of cost out by the end of 2014. Can you -- as we look out -- as we -- as the new crop comes in and presumably, the [indiscernible] utilization, primarily in ag services, should increase meaningfully. Can you talk about how we should think about margins from the cost out -- the margin uplift from the cost out with the new crop coming in, and maybe within the portfolio where that impact is most pronounced?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Certainly the biggest impact will be in the ag services business. The ag services business did a fantastic job last year of adjusting their variable cost to a smaller crop. But to a big extent, they are a fixed-cost business since we have all the infrastructure already built. So if you figure that volumes in the U.S. handled by our footprint may be in the range of over 20% bigger than previous year, you could have that kind of dilution of our fixed cost. So we believe there's going to be a big margin expansion in that, and -- but again, it will be that compounded with some of the dislocations and the market opportunities that the industry will present. So every year, we tend to make money in a different way, and we have an exceptional team that can adapt to do that. So we are very optimistic in having a very pronounced increase in profit in ag services by -- for 2014.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And I know, in the past, you talked to merchandise -- the old merchandising and handling and transportation when they were on their own, $150 million to $200 million or so of quarterly segment profit. Is there any kind of updated view there, or is it too early to tell at this point?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: I think -- listen, it's a little bit early. As I said, we only have September as a sample of this. So we would like to see how the harvest concludes and how the farmer reacts to this before making a commitment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Piken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: A couple of quick questions. Could you talk a little bit about the impact maybe that you're seeing from some of the disease issues that are impacting the U.S. hog herd and how that might impact meal demand?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. So what you're referring is the porcine epidemic virus. Obviously, it's not a new virus, it's just new in the U.S. And we have had some reports of some cases in Iowa. At this point in time, not huge. This is all about prevention. There's no vaccine against this virus. So it's all about disinfecting and cleaning. Obviously, there's no human issue. There's no repercussion in their ability to use the protein as food. It just kills the small -- the baby pigs. But we haven't seen -- other than some reports, we haven't seen any impact in meal at this point in time. Whether it's going to come later on, it will depend on how well, again, the producers sanitize and have early detection of some of these viruses. But not -- other than some circumstantial reports, nothing significant at this point.
Michael Piken: Okay, great. And then as we sort of think longer term about both meal and oil demand, on the meal side, if we think about the growth in DDGs starting to stall out with the ethanol industry reaching maturity, how do you sort of think about the long-term growth potential for meal demand globally? And then on the oil side, I guess, what do you think will happen in 2014 as the biodiesel credit expires? Do you expect to maintain the margins that you saw this quarter?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. Well, you said it. Biodiesel, we saw good margins this quarter. We've seen even better conditions in Q4, as people try to take advantage of the credit before it expires. We can't comment on what's going to happen next year. The government hasn't issued any ruling yet. And just a reminder that last year, they issued the ruling late, but it was retroactive. So it could happen again this year. Obviously, biodiesel needs of that, so margins will be different if that doesn't happen. On meal demand, I think I answered Farha before about -- we see this very solid demand in -- domestically and very strong in exports. We're even exporting a lot of the DDGs as well to China. So we continue to be very bullish about long term and higher increase in protein consumption. So all very much along the trends that we have seen and they continued to deliver. We continue to grow into the global crushing capacity because demand continues to be there quarter after quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak + Co., LLC.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: My first question is, looking at the South American crop potential coming into 2014, how are you thinking about how the operations are positioned from a transportation cost perspective? I know that kind of caught a lot of agri business players a little bit off guard last year. Do you think that the operations have kind of taken some of the key learnings from last season and are proactively implementing that, heading into 2014?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: We prepared for last year, maybe we were not prepared for the huge inverse that enticed the farmers to try to sell all at the peak of that inverse at the same time. So we continue to prepare. We are renewing some of our facilities, enlarging some others. We -- you heard us before. We are building this port in the northern part of Brazil to make sure that not all the crop needs to go through the Port of Santos, and we alleviate a little bit of that. The port is waiting for some permitting, but we are gearing up to be ready for the next harvest. That will be maybe 1 million tons of handling capacity at the beginning, in -- 3 million tons when it's completely up and running. So yes, we continue to invest. I think all the industry every year does that. Every year, production seems to grow a little bit faster than what the industry can add infrastructure to, but we continue to be committed to it.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, I've noticed that the European Union has gone ahead with some of the anti-dumping tariffs in Indonesia and Argentina. How is that impacting your European biodiesel business? Are you seeing that as a positive, and should we see that continuing forward into 2014?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Tim. It has impacted us positively, absolutely, as it reduced the competition from these 2 sources. So overall, it's a positive for ADM. We don't produce biodiesel in Argentina, and we are certainly a producer in Europe. So it's a positive for us, yes.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, one of your industry peers have -- has become more inquisitive in the milling segment. As you look out across the -- your Americas footprint, are you pretty comfortable with where you are as far as capacity on the milling side within the Americas?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, we are. I described it before. It's a very solid business. We have positions in North America, but also in Central America, very good businesses for us. If anything, what we've been investing is in more efficiency, so shutting down sometimes old facilities or consolidating 2 or 3 facilities into a new one. So we continued to be there to supply our customers and to follow on their growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Juan, can I just ask -- you mentioned Santos and there's been a problem down there, more on the sugar side than what you guys do. But from what I've been reading, it sounds like it's going to take a long time to repair and it's going to -- it's expected to sort of compound the difficult logistics that we saw last year going into next year when the harvest may actually be even larger. So how should we be thinking about that for you guys going into the South American crop next year? Maybe we just start there.
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. One of the ways, as I said -- first of all, obviously, we are continuing to strengthen all our storage, our rails, our tracking contracts to make sure that we deal with that a little bit more effectively than we did last year. We are also, as we look at -- into the year and a year with more plentiful crops everywhere, we expect, as I said, to have less the -- less of an impact of the inverse like we had last year. And we think that, that -- last year, it was a combination. It was a little bit of a late harvest. It kind of came a little bit on top of -- one on top of another. So then there was a rush to sell a bit at the peak of the inverse. We expect some of those conditions may be different next year. So when you combine with being able to move some of the crop through the north in our port in Belm, with less of an impact of an inverse and a little bit of better infrastructure in Santos, all that combination, hopefully, will make the situation a little bit better than this year. But there's still going to be lines. We've been seeing lines for many, many years. So we just think that it will not be -- the big issue there was maybe last year.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just as a follow-up, the -- on the USDA balance sheet for corn, in particular, the U.S. has lost a lot of export market share to South America and to the Ukraine. As we think about having a larger crop in the U.S. this year, do you anticipate the U.S. will get back a lot of that share? Are you indifferent to that, given that you have access to material in those other markets as well? Or how should we be thinking about that?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, I think that exports in the U.S. typically have been in the maybe 2 billion bushel range and decreased significantly last year. We expect them to come back some this year, maybe not to the level of historically. And we benefit from exports, but we also benefit from a variety of other ways, whether it's supporting our local demand here of handling, drying, storing crops at origins, if we develop big carries, we make money from that as well. So not only exports drive our ag services business. And we have also a big international merchandising business that is there to move products outside the U.S. So we are not tied exclusively to the U.S. success in exports for us to make money in ag services.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to ask on your lower working capital and inventory balances. How much of that do you ascribe to the lower commodity cost? And then how much is really just because of the timing shift? We had an earlier crop last year versus this year. I mean, I see it in the process, volume is down pretty significantly year-on-year. But could you talk about -- just trying to get an idea about how you'll end the year in terms of inventory and working capital.
Ray G. Young: Yes, Diane. It's Ray here. When we -- when I talked about the working capital changes being a source of cash of about $3 billion in the first 9 months, about $1 billion of that was ascribed to really lower prices, and the rest of that is really due to just lower volumes. As we kind of think through -- moving from September 30 to December 31, I mean, clearly, depending on carries, there's an opportunity for us to build up some inventories as well. At the same time, I think that, at the end of the year, normally what happens is we also build up pretty large payable balances to farmers, to our producers here in the United States, and so that's going to be a source of cash for us as well. So while I do expect probably some buildup in working capital, I don't expect it to be that significant, especially given it looks like socomite [ph] prices will remain constrained.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. What is your view on the crop, because we didn't get a [indiscernible] report in October? And what I'm hearing is, is that the crop out in this field is actually larger, the yields are better because of the weather we've had for the last 6 weeks. So is -- what is your early read really on yields in corn and beans?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, Diane, this is Juan. Yes, we've seen early reports from the field that the crop seems to be larger than expected. So we're thinking about 14 billion bushels for corn and something in the range of 3.2 billion for soybeans, probably with a little bit more variances from area to area in soybeans that -- in terms of yield. But in general, very positive results and very positive samplings from our people on the field.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. And then I didn't hear a discussion on fructose contracting, I may have missed it. What is your expectations, I guess, for the crop this size and prices down for -- with your bottlers for 2014?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes. As I described before, there are some headwinds in the Mexico side. Our volumes have been slightly lower than last year, but it's still above average. So we still have good, tight capacity utilization. So we're in the middle of that negotiation. So I will -- not going to -- I'm not going to say much. But I will say, we have a big capacity of shifting some of the product mix. So we have many, many products coming from these. And every year, we look at how to allocate that volume to maximize value, and part of these negotiations go into that exercise as well.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. But do you have a -- do you think you'll be done with the contracting by the end of the year? Do you think that will carry into 2014?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: It normally carries a little bit into January and February.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I just wanted to ask philosophically on ethanol. With production already reaching record levels the last couple of weeks and RIN carryover is now into '14, isn't it prudent to assume that margins in ethanol should likely deteriorate as we go through '14, just on -- from a supply side part of the equation?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes, this is Juan. We expect, as we go into Q4, a lower driving season and more ethanol -- more corn available for ethanol producers. So we expect pressure in our margins as we go into Q4. '14, as I said, there's going to be this increase in production at the same time that corn prices go down and ethanol becomes more internationally competitive. So it's going to be a climb in exports. And because those things never happen at the perfect timing, you're going to see volatility. But overall, we are positive '14 probably seen some pressure in margins in Q4.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the biodiesel side, should the tax credits expire, where else can you find a market for the soybean oil?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Well, biodiesel is a good option for us to divert part of the oil. Oil inventories had been drawn down during the past quarter, so they are not very big. And edible oil consumption continues to be very good. But certainly, it will be a negative if the subsidy is not renewed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with CL King & Associates.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just want to drill down a little bit more kind of in the current harvest. Are we sort of past sort of the big bulge in surge in soybeans and are we -- in soybean harvest? And are we probably right at the -- right in the middle of the corn surge as -- right now? We've seen very weak prices the last week or so, even in the last few days. And you've got a very positive carry on corn. You have no incentive right now on soybeans. So aren't we set up pretty well to have -- just with that analysis alone, forget about the drying conditions, whether you're drying more corn right now, we should be pretty well set up for some pretty strong ag services profits over the next few quarters. Is that fair?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Eric, we've been waiting for this situation for quite a while. So I would say, the team is ready. The assets have been maintained and the team is excited about executing on that environment. The environment is favorable at this point.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So we could -- even on the -- even on a cash price basis, I'm seeing some elevators at $4 on corn. It's a little bit higher on a national basis. But certainly, it seems like you're getting the big surge of corn at the moment. Is that fair?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: Yes.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if you kind of look at your -- if I look at the merchandising side, and I think your explanation earlier was pretty accurate, you are a global merchandising company. But we have seen in the past where exports just don't recover quite as quickly because we've encouraged a lot of production around the world with high corn prices the last year in places like the Ukraine and South America, Latin America. Do you think that your merchandising capabilities internationally, for example, picking up potential merchandising services out of Russia and out of the -- out of South America, could offset maybe a slower recovery in U.S. exports?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: That's a good observation. Our team in -- our origination team in Brazil is very strong and they have delivered like -- in quarters like these, very strong performance. And also, our operations in the Black Sea area are also very strong. So I feel very good about our ability to export from those regions if the U.S. is not competitive.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just quick questions on the high-fructose corn syrup and the corn sweeteners segment. Juan, you had mentioned earlier that volumes are holding in pretty nicely and that your shipments to Mexico in the quarter were pretty much flat. But when you look at the numbers, it seems like when you exclude the hedging impacts, profits in that segment were down about 20% or so in the quarter. And I just wanted to know what was driving that. And then secondly, it seems like you're booking some of the trends that we see in USDA data in terms of shipments to Mexico. The latest USDA data will have them down about 20% in the second quarter. You said you guys were about flat in the third quarter. So I wanted to know, was the industry moving at that same pace in the third quarter and things started to recover? Or are you guys just bucking the trend? And then what's your outlook for exports going forward?
Juan Ricardo Luciano: This summer was an unusual summer in which -- when I was talking about our volumes, it's also our, in general, year-to-date volumes. But the summer was a cool and wet summer at the beginning, which reduced the consumption. And I think you heard our customers also reporting lower sales. And then it picked up a bit later into the summer. We also have -- regarding your comment on the profitability, we have some asset write-offs that impacted that segment. So it's not all volume. But I would say, we -- as we look into next year, as I mentioned before, we see some headwinds in terms of our export to Mexico, either the tax or the big sugar crop that they are having over there. And we will have to see what our cost position becomes after corn settles for the next year and see how competitive we are. As I said before, we have many tools. We have many products that we use to compete for our grind. And we have an incredible good commercial and logistics network going into Mexico that makes us very, very competitive and good -- a very good supplier there. So we face the prospect of next year with cautious optimism, I would say.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Patricia Woertz for any closing remarks.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Slide 15 does list our upcoming investor events. And as always, feel free to call Case or any of us for follow-up questions. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye now.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-05 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company.  Ms. Wisener, you may begin. 
Ruth Wisener: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call.  Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address.
 For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements  that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results.  Statements are based on many assumptions and factors,  including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of governments. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results.  
 To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events.
 Please turn to Slide 3. On today's call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter.  Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results.  Our Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review our operations.  And then, Craig Huss, our Chief Risk Officer, will join Pat, Ray and Juan during the question-and-answer portion of the call.  
 Please turn to Slide 4. I will now turn the call over to Pat. 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. This morning, we reported second quarter net earnings of $223 million or $0.34 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.46 per share. Segment operating profit was $647 million.
 The team managed well through this period as tight U.S. crop supplies reduced overall volumes. Also, our corn results improved significantly amid a volatile ethanol industry conditions.
 During the quarter, we continue to work to improve the company's future returns and earnings power over the cycle. Our effort to unlock cash reached $2 billion, with the team reaching this milestone a half year ahead of schedule. And in costs, we made solid progress toward our goal of $200 million in additional cost reductions by the end of 2014. Our cash flow in the second quarter was strong, and we reduced our debt significantly. 
 We've received 6 regulatory approvals for our acquisition of GrainCorp in Australia, and we await the final 3.
 Looking ahead, we will be managing through tight crop supplies until the forecast large, but delayed U.S. harvest.
 Now, I'll turn the call over to Ray. 
Ray Young: Thanks, Pat. Slide 5 provides some financial highlights for the quarter, which I'll run through quickly. 
 Quarterly segment operating profit was $647 million, up 19% from last year's $544 million. 
 Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29%, down slightly from the 30% rate in the same quarter last year.
 On a fully diluted basis, our earnings per share were $0.34 compared to last year's $0.43. 
 Our adjusted earnings were $0.46 per share compared to last year's $0.38 per share.
 On Chart 17 in the Appendix, you can see the reconciliation of reported earnings to adjusted earnings for the periods ending June 30. 
 For this quarter, we had a LIFO charge of $39 million or $0.04 per share. 
 In addition, we had mark-to-market valuation losses on foreign currency hedges of $51 million or $0.05 per share related to our planned purchase of GrainCorp. During the quarter, we established some currency hedges for the purchase and the Australian dollar subsequently depreciated, resulting in these valuation losses. 
 In addition, we updated our provision related to the previously disclosed FCPA matter. We increased this provision by $29 million to a total of $54 million, based upon recent progress in discussions with the U.S. regulators examining the case.
 Our trailing LIFO adjusted 4 quarter average ROIC of 5.2% was 50 basis points below our WACC of 5.7%. Excluding specified items, our trailing 4 quarter average adjusted ROIC was also 5.7%.
 Slide 6 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Juan will talk about the segment results in his update. 
 Let me touch on a few items of significance in the corporate sector. I mentioned LIFO earlier, a charge of $39 million for the quarter as rising commodity prices during the quarter impacted our inventory valuations. That's compared to a gain of $50 million 1 year ago. 
 Interest expense of $104 million for the quarter, lower than prior year, due to lower net debt levels. 
 Corporate expenses of $71 million were up from the $67 million level 1 year ago as we incurred some additional projects-related costs.
 I mentioned the mark-to-market valuation loss of $51 million related to our Australian dollar hedging, and I also mentioned the increased provision related to the FCPA matter.
 And finally, on the other of $65 million, this includes a mark-to-market valuation losses related to our investment in CIP.
 Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 7. We present here the cash flow statement for the 6 months ending June 30, 2013, compared to the same period the prior year. We generated $700 million from operations before working capital changes in the first half of 2013, compared to $1.1 billion last year. Working capital changes were source of $1.6 billion of cash in the period, compared to last year when there were significant use of cash. The company's efforts to focus on working capital efficiency were evident in our first half cash flow results.
 Total capital spending for the 6 months was $442 million, and acquisitions amounted to $16 million. 
 After changes in working capital and investments, our free cash flow for the first half of 2013 was almost $1.9 billion compared to a large use of cash of $800 million last year. With the strong cash flows, we were able to reduce drawings on our working capital lines such as commercial paper borrowings. 
 We did restart repurchasing shares in the quarter in a modest amount. We finished out the quarter with an average outstanding of 663 million shares on a fully diluted basis.
 Slide 6 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of June 30 for both 2013 and 2012. Cash on hand was approximately $2 billion, up from the $500 million from the prior year. Our operating working capital was about $12 billion, down from the $14.6 billion level last year or a reduction of $2.6 billion. Of this reduction, about $1.6 billion was related to lower quantities of inventory.
 Total debt was about $7.5 billion, resulting in a net debt balance, that is debt less cash of $5.5 billion, down significantly from the 2012 level of $8.9 billion. The $5.5 billion net debt balance represents the lowest level at mid-year since 2007.
 Our shareholders' equity of $19 billion is about $1 billion higher than the level last year. Our ratio of net debt to total capital, excluding cash from gross debt, is 22%, much improved from the June 30, 2012, level of 33%. So we are reducing leverage and maintaining a very strong balance sheet. 
 We have $8 billion in available global credit capacity at end of June. If you add the available cash, we had access to about $10 billion of liquidity.
 Clearly, we have a balance sheet strong enough that could easily finance the GrainCorp acquisition and handle the seasonal increase in working capital needs as we enter the North American harvest later this year.
 Next, Juan will take us through an operational review of the quarter. Juan? 
Juan Luciano: Thanks, Ray. Good morning to everyone on the call. Beginning on Slide 9, I will take you through the highlights of each of our business segments.
 Oilseeds operating profit in the second quarter was $321 million, down $10 million from the same period one year earlier. 
 Crushing and origination operating profit was $185 million, up $35 million from the year ago quarter. European crushing results improved significantly year-over-year as delays in the arrival of South American meal contributed to stronger margins. In North America, tighter crop supplies resulted in weaker soy and softseed crush margins. South American operations recovered from the first quarter and generated strong overall results equivalent to the year ago quarter. The team in South America continued to manage through logistical challenges and we saw improved export volumes and margins.
 In Paraguay, our new soybean processing plant ran at full capacity for the quarter. 
 Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other generated a profit of $93 million for the quarter, up $9 million on the stronger European results. 
 Cocoa and other results decreased $58 million due to lower margins on businesses contracted in earlier quarters.
 Oilseeds results in Asia for the quarter were up $4 million from the same period last year, principally reflecting our share of the improved results from Wilmar International Ltd.
 Please turn to Slide 10. Corn processing operating profit of $223 million represented an increase of $149 million from the same period 1 year earlier. 
 Sweeteners and starches operating profit decreased $9 million to $126 million. Excluding the impact of corn hedge ineffectiveness, sweeteners and starches results improved by $25 million on steady North American sales. 
 Bioproducts results increased $158 million to $97 million as ethanol results improved significantly amid volatile industry conditions.
 Turning to Slide 11. You will see a review of our Agricultural Services segment. Operating profit was $81 million, down $33 million when excluding Gruma from the year ago result. 
 Merchandising and handling earnings declined $16 million to $14 million. The impact of last year's drought continued to limit U.S. origination and export volumes. And international merchandising results declined on lower margins. Results this quarter were also reduced by some non-recordable expenses.
 Transportation results decreased $14 million to $3 million as lower U.S. export volumes reduced barge freight utilization. 
 Milling and other results remained steady, excluding last year's Gruma earnings, as the milling business continued to perform well. We sold our stake in Gruma last December.
 Looking ahead, the impact of last summer's U.S. drought continues as U.S. crop supplies remain tight. At the same time, the crops in the field seems to be developing well with 64% of the corn crop rated good to excellent compared to 23% the year ago. With high prices for last year's crop and lower prices for the crops coming this fall, the market is inverted. We have to manage this inverse carefully so we don't carry on -- carry high-cost inventory into a low-cost environment.
 In terms of timing, this spring rain delayed plantings and the recent cold weather will lead to late harvest this fall.
 Slide 12 is a progress update on our efforts around what we call the 3 Cs: capital, cost and cash. Through the first half of 2013 our CapEx is in line with our production of $1 billion. We continue to focus our growth investments outside the U S.
 In the area of costs, we have already implemented steps that will deliver about a 1/3 of our target of an additional $200 million in cost reductions by the end of 2014. These savings will come from improvements in energy and working efficiency, repairs and maintenance, process technology and procurement.
 And we have continued to strengthen our cash position. After our team achieved our $1 billion challenge several months ahead of schedule last year, we determined to find the second billion dollars. And as Pat mentioned, we now achieved that goal, once again, ahead of schedule. I'm proud of the team's effort in capital, costs and cash that are enhancing ADM's future returns and earnings power. 
 Pat? 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Juan. So let me summarize. Segment operating profit up 19%. Ag Services down on tight U.S. supplies. Oilseeds had strong crush and origination, but weak cocoa results. Corn was up with volatile ethanol conditions. And we have to carefully manage the inverse as we look toward a later harvest. And very good ahead of schedule progress on the 3 Cs.
 Now before Craig Huss joins Juan, Ray and me for the Q&A, I wanted to let you know that this will be Craig's last quarterly call. After 37 years with ADM, he is retiring later this year. Craig has been a huge presence at ADM: his size and voice, and certainly, his contributions. So thank you very much, Craig, for all of your efforts. 
 And with that, operator, if you'll please open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And your first question comes from the line of Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak. 
Tim Tiberio: A very quick question. Looking forward as the cost basis in both beans and corn have collapsed over the last few weeks, I suggest that it's going to be a challenging environment managing this inversion between build and a new corn crop. But I guess on the margin, are you feeling a little bit better about supply since the last quarterly call as maybe farmers are more willing to sell, or either around the margin are you becoming a little bit more cautious? 
Craig Huss: Tim, this is Craig. I would say that you've heard a couple of times that the crop is going to be a little delayed. And I think that the main reason for that is this crop is so healthy and it's 64% good to excellent. I think we'll have bigger crops. They may be a couple of weeks later, but we are recharging the process where our storage should be full and it should help us going forward. As far as the farmer selling, he probably will be a reluctant seller at some point, but -- for example, the $14 billion ballpark corn crop, there's going to be -- there will be plenty to move. 
Tim Tiberio: Okay. And then just moving on to the cocoa business. Any updates as far as your strategy there? And then I guess, if there is not the potential to divest this in the near term, based on your comments on the prior call, do you expect that you'll be able to get some pricing increases or at least margin improvement compared to the first half and the second half? 
Patricia Woertz: Tim, certainly conditions that have negatively impacted our cocoa business have subsided or moderated a bit. And this isn't the business we have to sell. We've been doing a very careful portfolio review. And as I know you'll understand, if the discussions are ongoing or if there's a process underway, it's premature to comment on that process. I will tell you that we're very disciplined and we look at portfolio importantly. It needs -- we need to take into account the both financial objectives and how it fits into our strategy. So in terms of confirming that we have -- we're taking a look at this, I can say that, but I can't say any more than that. 
Tim Tiberio: Okay. And just lastly, as far as the improvement in cash flow, should we expect any updates on your new initiatives forecast in the coming quarters, or are you still waiting for the GrainCorp transaction and the harvest to come in before making any final decisions on that? 
Patricia Woertz: Well, you can imagine if we have about $10 billion in cash that we have lots of opportunity and options. And of course, you -- as we've talked about the GrainCorp acquisition, we still believe it's on track to close by the end of the year. We hope for that. And we can take the uses of cash, including -- we started back our share buyback program. We are going into a harvest, as you know. So it's just a normal cycle. We'll have a need for cash. But we have lots of flexibility and extremely strong balance sheet. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Dave Driscoll with Citi Research. 
David Driscoll: Craig, I want to wish you the best. I've always appreciated your insights and you really will be missed. Thanks for all the years' great stuff, and good luck in retirement. Certainly well earned. 
Craig Huss: Thanks very much. 
David Driscoll: Pat, want to ask you a few questions related to ethanol and the Renewable Fuel Standard, the RFS. The first one is just related to -- do you believe that the independent refiners have a legitimate complaint on the RIN costs? And I would just observe that, frankly, on their conference calls in this recent quarterly report, I mean, they seem to be going crazy on this issue. But I'd really like to hear your version of this RIN issue and whether or not they have a legitimate complaint. And then I have a follow-up related to ethanol, if I may. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, this is Juan, David. Listen, the market today provides an incentive for people to blend ethanol. And I would argue that E85, for those people that are pricing it correctly, it has -- we have seen some of the volumes for these distributors, if you would, tripled. So there is an opportunity there. There is elasticity and good demand will come if this ethanol is properly priced and that passed to the consumer. There is also, if you've seen the very level in several countries -- in several states and we have counted already 10 states in which all the regulations have been -- are in place for this to be implemented. So we believe that people have options to blend more. And so we believe that the RIN price is a reaction to their behavior and they could price ethanol more effectively. That will increase demand and they don't need to resort to RINs. So that's my position. 
David Driscoll: Do you believe that there's any movement in Congress that is sufficient enough to alter the RFS? 
Juan Luciano: I think to the extent that the RFS impact us, we feel very confident that, that regulation will be maintained. 
David Driscoll: All right. Last question on this. It's just E15, in particular. I think by my work, there is about 20 stations in the country that sell E15 and I believe that's about 6 states. So kind of -- what do you assess here on E15 at the moment? And maybe more importantly, do you think that this is really going to catch fire and that we're going to see a heck of a lot more E15 stations throughout the United States in 2014? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, David. I think that we said it before that it was going to be slow and we didn't expect a material volume in 2013. We think that as people get more comfortable and more states have the regulations in place, this will start to proliferate. Also as people tried this effectively, I think that the incentives, especially on a larger corn crop, the incentive to blend ethanol will be there. 
David Driscoll: Would you then characterize the outlook related to this much better corn crop, much cheaper corn crop? Would you characterize the ethanol outlook as very good for 2014? 
Juan Luciano: I think we said it before, David, that we are very optimistic about the ethanol future for '14 and '15. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. 
Ann Duignan: As we look to this large crop, there are a lot of comparisons with 2009 in terms of crop year. I'm wondering if you could comment by segment, if that is the case and we get a very large crop, large volumes, is there any reason why ADM will impose the kind of operating performance in '14 that it did back in 2010? Are there any structural differences such as ethanol margins that would cause you not to deliver very strong margins next year? 
Patricia Woertz: Ann, let me start and then maybe Juan wants to go through by business a little more. Given that the U.S. is likely to produce a record crop, as your statement indicated, we think conditions are definitely unfolding in a way that would produce some very good conditions for us. But I would add, even more importantly, it's the work that we've undertaken as well with the progress on cash and costs and capital, as well as acquisitions and our investments in a higher return area that position us. We're thinking very well about the opportunities in 2014, a potentially very, very good environment and very good work that when that environment hits can position us for higher returns. Maybe by division, Juan can comment. 
Juan Luciano: Sure. Ann, the way I look at the conditions in the future and maybe you can take Q4 since it's going to be a quarter that we're going to see -- start to see the impact of the new crop, we will see in that environment certainly North American crush utilizations coming up in oilseeds. We will have seen an improved softseed margin environment with a big canola growth in Canada. I think we will see, with lower corn prices, that will favor the relationship between corn products and some of the substitutes, so product inclusion should increase. I think you're going to see better blend in economics. They will entice more blending in terms of ethanol, maybe even improved sweeteners exports as you see a better relationship may be potentially between corn and substitutes like sugar. I think, fundamentally, what we see is that a larger crop will allow us for a better utilization of some of the investments that we've done in the past. So you take that is a source of improved earnings. As I said before, I think that we are optimistic about ethanol margins for '14 and '15. And certainly, a larger corn crop will -- or crops in general will provide ag services and opportunity to utilize all the asset footprint that we have in North America more fully. So I think the opportunity is there for potentially big results. 
Ann Duignan: Okay. That was good color. I appreciate it. And just as a follow-up, is there any permanent negative margin impact on the fact that U.S. farmers have now expanded their on-farm storage capabilities? 
Craig Huss: No, I don't think it is at all. I think the on-farm storage, it just increases total storage and it may delay at times, the point at which they sell the crop. But they have the same pressures and incentives today they've always had is to forward thinking what they think it will do. But I -- it may take a little pressure off selling at harvest. But overall, I don't think it makes a major change. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Obviously, I guess an intricate part of the transition over the last couple of years and obviously even further back, can you talk about how, either you, Craig, how are you going to do a succession plan? Who's going to take over your spot and how that's going to work over the next couple of years? 
Patricia Woertz: I'm going to ask Juan to comment on that. Thanks. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ken. I think we have explained it before. We have a risk committee that Craig currently chairs, and we have the business president there and Ray and myself and other people. In this role, Craig works very closely with our business unit heads as they manage their commodity risks within their segments. So Craig's responsibilities will be transitioned to ensure our ongoing oversight on commodity risk management. But this is a smooth transition. This is an area in which, although we're certainly going to miss Craig tremendously as being a great coworker and team member, we have huge expertise and bench strength in these areas. So I think that with the other participants in the chair -- in the committee, I think we're going to be fine. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. My other question I have is -- obviously, with the big crop, your Ag Services is going to have a lot of volume. Can you talk about the margin side of it because there seems to be a lot of crop out there that's not the same sort of dislocation? Can you talk about how you can maximize profit to be maybe like the 2010 and 2011 environment or does it change where you got a lot of volume at a much lower margin structure? Can you just give us a little bit of a balancing act here because I think that kind of helps us all kind of think about the future for ADM? 
Craig Huss: Sure, this is Craig. I think, first, a large crop doesn't necessarily squeeze margins anymore than a small crop does as people are pushing to whatever capacity they can through their assets. So I don't like to tie those 2 together. We will meet some demand. But we have all these assets that we've talked about for the year that are not being utilized. And we, as the largest storer of grain in the United States, we will be filling those assets. And we'll manage those depending on the cost of carry, et cetera. But I think we've had 2 substandard crops and this is a recharge that is just essential for ADM and we plan on taking advantage of it. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Do you think -- as there's plentiful crops outside the U.S., is there the opportunity to, again, maximize the whole chain of crops or does that change the direction of how much profitability you could actually make in the Ag Services business? 
Juan Luciano: We look at this, Ken. We think that potentially the U.S. could go a little bit lower in terms of exports in the future because there are other people that are growing their corn acreage. But we look at this in the sense of -- through the value chain. There are so many ways in which we can make money. And we'll look at this from Ag Services perspective, providing different services through the chain and we feel very comfortable about that. Demand continues to be very strong around the world. If you look at, for example, the imports of China, how they're rising to the different commodities. So we do believe that our rolling moving crops and handling crops around the world will benefit significantly with the largest crop around the world. Even our international merchandisers will profit from that as we have invested, as you know, in many, many units and the world. So we feel very good about the potential impact of large crops everywhere in our business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farha Aslam with Stephens. 
Farha Aslam: Two questions, the first is on GrainCorp. Recently.
 we've seen press articles and increasingly you're seeing a lot of talk related to the election, regarding GrainCorp. Do you have any concerns about the timing and whether the transaction will be approved? 
Patricia Woertz: Well, our timing is still within the process of our expectations. You never know when a new election could have been called when we look back earlier in the year. But we believe that we are -- we've worked with both the Australian regulatory agencies, as well as outside and we're pleased that we have the 6 approvals that I mentioned. And the 3 that remain include FIRB in Australia, South Korea and MOFCOM in China. And I think we're on track for what we thought would be a good taste. We're very respectful of processes and each one have their own regulatory processes to go through and answer questions and so forth. And I feel like we're on track. 
Farha Aslam: Great, that's helpful. And then the second thing is regarding South America. How did you think your team did in terms of opportunities versus challenges? And going forward, into next year, where can you look at that business growing because that is an investment area for you? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think the team did a tremendous job in the second quarter. Remember, I mentioned in the first quarter we had 2 impacts, the impact of higher trucking costs that we couldn't hedge; and then the impact of less origination as the farmer was not selling. The team came back strongly in the second quarter, and I think execution was beautiful. In terms of our investments there, the Paraguay crop -- the Paraguay oilseeds plants continues to perform very, very well, running at 100% capacity. And we continue to evaluate other investments, both in the area of logistics in the area of processing. As you described, that's an area of investment for us or growth for us, and we have a very, very good team running it. 
Farha Aslam: And just one comment. Could you just comment on crush margins in South America and perhaps the soy crush margins around the world, kind of what you're seeing over the near term and then how do you express -- expect that to progress going into next year? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, crush margins in South America were good in Paraguay and Bolivia. There was a little bit less in Brazil as part of the issue is trying to export mill and you get to queue in the ports. So -- then everybody turns into the domestic market and there is some pressure there. Europe margins were very good when compared to last year. Obviously, some of the delays in South American export, they have provided some opportunity for better margins and soybean in Europe. And biodiesel with less imports and tighter oil inventories was also provided some good margin environment for rapeseed in Europe. South America -- North America, obviously some pressure and you will pressure in the next quarter as we're dealing with the tight crop situation and the inverse that we mentioned before. 
Farha Aslam: And then the ability of managing soy crush into next year because we will have a more ample harvest, and do you think capacity in terms of supply demand going into next year, could you just kind of share with us about profit outlook for that business? 
Juan Luciano: We continue to see demand growing, and our customers have been reporting very healthy earnings and demand, so we feel very good about it. 
Operator: Question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: So question is just you noted that ethanol was volatile in the quarter. So could you just give us some insight into what was driving that volatility and also what the team did well as opposed to results that you posted? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think you pointed correctly, the team did a very good job. What happened there probably during the quarter is we saw some reductions in inventory early in the quarter. And obviously, that bodes well for margins. Then when margin increased -- this is an industry that still has overcapacity. It's a little bit immature industry. Some of these players are undercapitalized, if you will, so a lot of people tend to run for cash. So we saw basically capacity coming back and we saw at the end of the quarter a little bit of a stabilization of that reduction in inventory. And maybe even, to be honest, in July, we saw a little bit of a creep in inventory or a creep in -- yes, in inventory for a few days. So they continue to be volatile. I think that the industry is more disciplined. I think this is a time of the year in which most of us, before the big harvest and before the winter, people tend to do some maintenance to their plants. So we see that may be playing out, those dynamics playing out over the next couple of months. But that's kind of what's happened during the quarter, better margins at the beginning of inventory decline then some people came back into production and that puts some pressure to margins that moved from late June into July. 
Patricia Woertz: Vincent, maybe adding to Juan's point a little bit. I think we always have thought that there'd be continued volatility even through 2013, until you get the additional bump of the RFS. But import volumes should also decline as we kind of go into the fall. And the integrated network we have, I think, it's a core competency to be able to serve the business and move those volumes around as needed. 
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then if we think about '14 and you just referenced the further step-up into the RFS, which theoretically at some point will either forces the RIN issue or forces E15 or forces some type of legislative response. Your optimism -- or maybe, Juan, give us an update on your optimism and just clarify whether -- how reliant it is on the RFS for 2014 staying where it is? 
Patricia Woertz: Maybe I'll start with Washington, and Juan can comment on the economics, which I think economics drive is more so almost than anything else. We did have hearings take place this summer and we heard that the RFS is an important issue. It is important for assuring market access to ethanol. The producers don't control the infrastructure. So consumer's ability to buy E15, E85, et cetera, continues to be important. We heard the White House reiterated support. I think it called it the backbone of the climate policy, included RFS. So you have to remember, for Congress to try to pass anything, there needs to be agreement in -- agreement by both houses and both parties, et cetera. So I think that's the less likely pressure. I think you'll see more the pressure of economics associated with additional blending and RIN sanity somewhat happening. 
Juan Luciano: That's all right. I just want to emphasize what Pat just said in the sense that I think that the size of the corn crop will bring a very strong economic incentive to blend. I think we all want lower gasoline prices. I think that E15 is there and E85 is there. Listen, I lived in Brazil 20 years ago and we were using higher blend rates than 15% and this was -- these were cars produced by the same manufacturers of cars here. So I think that economic incentive on passing that to the consumer will prevail. 
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then separately, just looking at your ROIC calculation, the one line in there, the interest-bearing liabilities, obviously that's been coming down as crop prices have gone down, your working capital has gone down. How low do you think that line can go as we move into next year's crop? 
Ray Young: Well, Vincent, this is Ray here. I think in my comments, part of the reason why we're building up the balance sheet flexibility is that if there's an opportunity for us to accumulate some inventory and benefit from the carry, we will. And so therefore, from a capital perspective, clearly we're managing this thing very, very carefully and managing both the capital investments and also inventory and working capital. But we want -- but we're preparing our balance sheet in order to take advantage of carry opportunities as well. So as we enter the fourth quarter, if there are carry opportunities, we will invest. And we will benefit from that in terms of our financial results, including our returns. 
Operator: The next question comes from Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research. 
Christine McCracken: Just wanted to talk on a -- or had a couple of questions, first on -- relative to the last question on ethanol. You mentioned the issue of overcapacity. We've seen several smaller plants here over the last couple of months being acquired. The expectation is that they'll reopen and add back to some of the production given the margins that we've seen. Is there any risk that we add to the overcapacity situation? Is this something that ADM is looking at as some of these plants now are changing hands? 
Juan Luciano: Christine, we said before this is part of the volatility we keep on referring to. This is, as I said, a relatively new market. It is a very fragmented market. It needs to go through consolidation and there is going to be a period of pain until we gain into that full capacity. As I explained based on the dynamics that I've seen before, we are optimistic for '14 and 15, but '13 is going to still have periods of great margins and periods of some margin pressure as we've seen recently. 
Patricia Woertz: Christine, we remember that, that 15 billion gallons is really how the industry has been built out to meet that requirement in 2015. And some of that is not running. Some of it maybe is a bit more -- or permanently might fold and maybe others will change hands, but we don't see it being built in a greater capacity than that 15 billion gallons. 
Christine McCracken: I'm just curious on your sweeteners and starches because you did say, I think, in your comments that things were a little stronger there. And that's a little different, I think, than some of the CSD volume data that we've seen and the comments by some of your competitors. So I'm curious if you think you're gaining share or is there some other strength in that business that we haven't seen. 
Juan Luciano: We've seen liquid sweeteners volumes that were in line with our expectations, probably slightly lower than last year. But the volumes to Mexico continues strong for us. So all in all, we reported a very solid quarter and we saw solid demand, yes. 
Christine McCracken: And going forward, given how, I guess, soft sugar prices are and your competitive position, you're still fairly confident, I think, based on your comments? 
Juan Luciano: Going forward in Q3, I see we expect volumes probably in line with last year and some down seasonality on Mexico, but as I said, normal year-to-year seasonality. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA. 
Diane Geissler: I wanted to ask about your capital spending plan. I know that you've talked over the last few quarters about reducing CapEx this year. I think you're running in the billion dollar range. One of your competitors on their call recently talked about -- that the industry had added a lot of capacity, greenfield capacity, over the last few years in emerging markets and that maybe the growth in volume hadn't been there really to support it because of what happened with commodity prices. So what is your take, as we look over the course of big crops this year, I'm sure we'll get big plants in Brazil next year about CapEx versus acquisitions in terms of building your -- obviously, you're making a big acquisition in Australia. But just in the emerging markets, in particular, how do you view that? Do you see additional capacity needed above and beyond what you already have in the works or are you more inclined to acquire it? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, it depends. Our preference normally, Diane, is to go and try to acquire so we continue to consolidate the market. We've done that with Elstar in Poland, we're doing now with GrainCorp as we gain access to geographies we were not present in. When we cannot find that, like in the case of Paraguay, we build. So I would say probably we could build more in terms of, for example, South America infrastructure, if ports or logistics. And in terms of processing capacity, our preference will be to buy and try to consolidate the market. 
Diane Geissler: You think now is the term to buy given that it seems like the profitability levels in South America and North America for that matter seem to be improving? 
Juan Luciano: We have had a very -- having the world as the opportunity, we track all these in our pipeline around the world and when properties get in our range, that's when we activate the processes. So we are looking at our preferred properties around the world. So I will not show my hand into saying which area we're looking at, but we have a very disciplined process to allocate that $ 1 billion. 
Diane Geissler: And then I guess for Ray, can you tell me what you think your optimum leverage ratio should be? I appreciate you're obviously going to have some working capital flows here coming down because of what's happened with the commodity prices. So you'll have increased cash position as you monetize higher value inventory. I guess, where do you think the optimum leverage ratio should be? And what are you going to do with your excess cash flow to the extent that Juan can't find stuff he wants to buy cheap enough? 
Ray Young: Diane, I've always indicated that in this industry, it's very important to have a strong balance sheet. And hence, maintaining solid investment grade credit ratings is important priority for us. And so when we look at our leverage position -- again, we look at leverage, there's balance sheet metrics, there is income statement metrics. We look at those things very, very carefully. I think our balance sheet metrics right now are very, very strong. Some of our income statement metrics are a little weaker because we're still living through the residual impacts of the 2012 U.S. summer drought. But going forward, if you think it about, this company is a cash machine when it comes to generating cash. When you look at the past couple of years before the drought, we were generating $2 billion to $2.5 billion in cash flows before working capital and before CapEx. And so if Juan wants to look for investment opportunities, there's no doubt about that. But even with those investment opportunities, assuming we continue to grow this company and generate the cash flow, I do feel that we'll have opportunities in the future to provide additional returns to our shareholders. We always believe in a balanced approach towards investing the free cash flow of this company between internal projects and for our shareholders. 
Diane Geissler: Well, I guess, what's behind the question is I kind of thought you were already getting that done in terms of maintaining your investment grade rating with the leverage ratios that you had previously. So I'm just trying to get a feel for it, the reason why you made such a significant debt paydown this quarter is because you're positioning your balance sheet for the closure of GrainCorp, or is it just an overall more conservative kind of step-down in where you think your leverage ratio should be... 
Ray Young: No, no. I don't think you should read that. We're preparing ourselves for GrainCorp and we're preparing ourselves for potentially a very fearful [ph] harvest where there'll be some significant opportunities for us to invest in inventory to benefit from that carry. So that's what we're preparing the balance sheet for those opportunities right now. 
Patricia Woertz: Diane, I'll even reinforce what Ray has said. It's not a more conservative approach at all. I think we need to think about as year end approaches the year, there will be some significant needs for cash. And we are positioned to take care of those with a very strong balance sheet. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport. 
Ann Gurkin: Just to return to the working capital question. As we think about the year, how should we think about that number? If you can help me again with the trajectory of that working capital needs given the larger crops? 
Ray Young: It's tough to estimate that Ann, because it will be a function of what the opportunities look like as we get to the fourth quarter, the timing of the harvest. So that's part of the reason why I want to make sure we have full balance sheet flexibility right now because we could build up significant inventories if the opportunities were there or it could get delayed. So it's -- I don't have a point estimate in terms of what our inventory balance will be at the end of the calendar year. But I can assure you that if there are opportunities, we will take advantage of it. 
Ann Gurkin: That's great. And then ROIC at 5.7%, I think you said in the quarter or the trailing 12 months. Is that 200 basis point target still a good target? Or does that need to be adjusted? 
Ray Young: No, no. It's still a good target. The way I kind of loo at it, I think our conditions -- again, we're still living through the residual impacts of last year. I kind of view ourselves pretty well near the trough right now. And so to the extent that we're still earning our whack at the trough, I think that's not a bad performance. Going forward and look towards 2014 when you get back to more normal conditions with greater earnings power and our continued focus on ensuring their invested capital base is low, I'm confident we're going to see improvements in the future. 
Ann Gurkin: Okay. And then will you comment on the relationship between sugar and HFCS, the gap -- the price gap you think where consumers were considering switching from one to the other? 
Juan Luciano: Listen, when we look at these, there is always a small volume maybe in Mexico that some of the people switch. But in reality, most of our customers prefer to deal with the liquid. And we're very closed to a big corn crop that probably will bring all those prices much more in alignment. So we shouldn't magnify the impact of this. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson with CL King & Associates. 
Eric Larson: Just a couple of questions. First of all, arguably, your second quarter was probably, just from a timing preview, probably your more -- would have been your most challenging quarter. Delayed harvest here, though, is probably reality in the third quarter. Now I'm really focused on 2014, but in the near term, you had really good soy crush margins 1 year ago. You did lose money in ethanol in Q3 1 year ago, but could the third quarter be a little more challenging than you may have anticipated earlier? 
Juan Luciano: Eric, Juan here. Listen, Q3 presents a lot of challenges for us. Think about we are still dealing with the big inverse that we need to deal through. Yes, we're going to have something a big growth, but in the places where we are located which is in the corn belt, the harvest will probably happen late September, beginning of October, which is more Q4 tilted. So I would say, Ag Services will continue to suffer through low margins in Q3. And we're going to some pressure increasing in oilseeds as we fight with a very tight balance sheet. So Q3 will still be a tough quarter where we'll not see the full relief of the harvest yet. 
Eric Larson: Yes, exactly. And it's just a transition quarter anyway. It really reflects last year's crop harvest. It's nothing to do with the going forward. But it also looks like you moved a fair amount of high-cost grain through your P&L this quarter. And if we can get anywhere close to what -- if we can put in the bin what the harvest numbers and projections are this year, you're going to be replenishing with a lot lower cost grain. So it seems like you should be pretty well positioned on your inverse. Is that a fair assumption? 
Juan Luciano: We like to say yes. We like to think that we manage well through the inverse. I think that the guys have done a good job of reducing inventories as we face these. I mean, you've seen it in the balance sheet. You've seen it in the billion dollar challenge. So I think we have a very experienced teams that know how to work through this and that's where our footprint and our integrated model shines. So we feel pretty good. 
Eric Larson: Okay. Just a quick question for Ray. Ray, you were 50 basis points below WACC on returns in the quarter, which given the seasonally and cyclically very depressed Q2, that was a big performance. Is there any way to quantify what your cost cutting and your return measures, your working capital improvements may have benefited your return numbers in the quarter year-over-year? 
Ray Young: We haven't quantified it exactly, but there's no doubt reducing our invested capital base contributed significantly towards our results here. And then the prior cost cutting that we did last year and as Juan indicated, we've made good progress towards the next $200 million challenge. Clearly, these help in terms of helping with the earnings, the numerator of the calculation here. So I do believe both -- all the actions we've taken, it's helpful, the numerator, the denominator on your ROIC calculation. It's the exact -- how many basis points. I mean, we haven't calculated that, but clearly it contributed towards these results. 
Eric Larson: Yes -- no, I'm sure it did. One final question. Just remind me what are the 3 countries that were still -- you're still waiting for, for regulatory approval for GrainCorp? 
Patricia Woertz: We have one already received in Australia, which is the ACCC, the Competitive Commission, and we're waiting on FIRB, the Foreign Investment Review Board, so that's one. The second one is South Korea, and the third one is China or with MOFCOM. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow: Two questions, one is just on corn processing for forecasting. You used to earn in corn sweeteners $500 million of profit a year; it's been more like $300 million lately. And with corn costs coming down, I would think that there might be a little bit of a benefit coming your way, if you can capture it in your pricing. So I want to know what's a normal level of profit for that? And then second, on share repurchase, why not be more aggressive in the market buying back your stock right now? I know you want to keep your balance sheet free to buy a lot of corn. But the value -- the price of that corn is going to be radically lower and you're going to have a lot of cash coming in. So why not step up at this moment when your PE is quite cheap and the outlook looks good? 
Juan Luciano: Robert, Juan here on sweeteners. You know sweeteners have been -- consumption has been declining in the U.S. so we've been doing, I think, a good job of balancing capacity and demand with exports. And we think the situation will be stable going into next year. Again, a lot will depend on this relationship between corn and sugar. And we believe that with lower corn prices, we will have opportunities, as I said, to increase exports and increase conversions and increased inclusion of corn products in all the supplications. So we feel good about it. I'm not going to speculate on a specific dollar range for the business, but I think the business should continue to perform solidly going forward. 
Patricia Woertz: And Rob, on your share buyback question. I don't think the GrainCorp acquisition and share buybacks are mutually exclusive at all. I think we're dispositioning ourselves. And we did do some share buyback this quarter and I think the possibility of pace and amount can potentially increase as we go forward in 2014. 
Ray Young: Rob, as I indicated, I think we've got very strong balance sheet. Where we have some pressure in our credit metrics is really our earnings metrics. And frankly, as we kind of get through this year and into the new year, our earnings metrics are going to improve and I think that's going to give us a lot more flexibility. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Oksenhendler with Bank of America. 
Ryan Oksenhendler: Just a question for you on ethanol and E15. I guess, as you talk to, I guess, some of the gas stations offering E15 kind of what the demand has been like and what the price differential is for E15 and how much lower can prices go or the spread between ethanol and gasoline with the lower cost of corn? So I think, I guess at some point you're going to need the demand pulser from the consumer. And I guess, what is that price point that kind of gets them involved, which otherwise could back up the supply chain and then leads to an oversupply in ethanol? 
Juan Luciano: Juan here, Ryan. I would say we continue to work very closely with everybody to try to help and facilitate as much as possible the incorporation of E15. That is like a $1 range right now, a $1 margin that they can profit from. And we've been -- I'm going to leave the economics to them in terms of what to do. But we've seen, for example, in people that price -- I think I mentioned it before during the call, for people that price accordingly and competitively, we've seen some of the people working in E85 farms tripling their volume in a very short period of time. So the consumer is very hungry for  a reduction in gasoline prices and when they see the opportunity, they take advantage of that. So I think that this dollar delta is a big incentive. And with cheaper corn going forward or a more competitive priced corn going forward, this will present to me a huge opportunity for people to introduce either E85 or E15 more into the usage of the day-to-day American. So we see it with optimism. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research. 
David Driscoll: For taking the follow-up, it's quick. Juan, just to be clear, I apologize. You almost answered this question, I think, 3 times but I still don't know the answer. In 2014, if we had $5 corn, will HFCS be priced at a discount to Mexican sugar? 
Juan Luciano: I don't know exactly what's going to be sugar prices, but I would say it will probably be competitive in that sense. I don't know the calculation off top of my head, David. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to pass the call back to Ms. Patricia Woertz for closing remarks. 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in ADM. If you look at the last slide, it does show 1 investor event. As always, if you have any questions, follow up with Ruth Ann today. And thanks very much for your time. Bye now. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. Wisener, you may begin. 
Ruth Wisener: Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to ADM's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you, all, for understanding our decision to postpone our earnings announcement and call until after our announcement about GrainCorp.
 I want to note that we have just posted an updated earnings presentation, including slides related to our GrainCorp acquisition process. You can download that updated presentation at www.adm.com/webcast.
 During today's webcast, we will also discuss those GrainCorp slides, even though they will not appear on the webcast video. So please go to www.adm.com/webcast to download the updated slides for today's call.
 After we finish our call, we will also be posting a longer presentation regarding GrainCorp at the same address. A replay of today's presentation will also be available at that address.
 For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's safe harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. The statements are based on many assumptions and factors that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital, actions of governments, the parties' ability to consummate the transaction described herein, the conditions to the completion of the transaction and receipt of any required regulatory approvals, including on terms or schedule different than anticipated. 
 Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events.
 Please turn to Slide 3. On today's call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Our Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review our operations. Then Pat will discuss our process to acquire GrainCorp. After that, Craig Huss, our Chief Risk Officer, will join Pat, Ray and Juan during the question-and-answer portion of the call.
 Please turn to Slide 4. I will now turn the call over to Pat. 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter conference call. This morning, we reported first quarter net earnings of $269 million or $0.41 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.48 per share. Segment operating profit was $630 million. As expected, this was a challenging quarter, with Agricultural Services negatively impacted by the ongoing effects of last summer's U.S. drought. 
 In Oilseeds, our earnings were reduced by the challenges in Brazil and also by depressed margins in cocoa. Our ethanol business improved as declining inventory supported overall industry margins, and we began to see positive results from the actions we've been taking to improve the profitability of that business. 
 We continue to manage through tight U.S. stocks of oilseeds and grains until the North America harvest. Demand for our products remains solid, and we will continue to leverage our global origination and processing network to serve the needs of our customers worldwide.
 Earlier this afternoon, we announced that we completed our due diligence and intent to acquire GrainCorp. Following Ray and Juan's update on the quarter, I'll come back a few more -- with a few more details and provide some information on the process for that transaction.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Ray. 
Ray Young: Okay. Thanks, Pat. Slide 5 provides some financial highlights for the quarter, which I'll run through briefly. Quarterly segment operating profit was $630 million, down from last year's strong $918 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 28%, slightly down from our tax rate in the quarter last year. Earnings per share were $0.41 on a fully diluted basis compared to last year's $0.60. And our adjusted earnings were $0.48 per share compared to last year's $0.78 per share.
 In the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of reported earnings to adjusted earnings for the periods ending March 31. For this quarter, we had a LIFO inventory charge of $34 million or $0.03 per share. In addition, we established a reserve of $0.04 per share for the future settlement of the FCPA matter that we have previously disclosed in our 10-Qs and 10-Ks. Based upon discussions to date with various U.S. governmental regulators, we felt we had sufficient information to establish a reserve in this quarter.
 In our LIFO adjusted 4-quarter trailing return on invested capital of 5.1% was 30 basis points below our WACC of 5.4%. Excluding specified items, our adjusted 4-quarter trailing ROIC of 5.5% was above our WACC by about 10 basis points. Our spread of ROIC over WACC was lower this quarter compared to the prior quarter due to weaker earnings.
 Slide 6 provides an operating profit summary in the components of our corporate line. Juan will talk about the business segment results in his update. Let me touch on a few items of significance in the corporate line. I mentioned LIFO earlier, a charge of $34 million for the quarter due to the impact of increasing commodity prices during the quarter on our inventory valuation compared to a charge of $107 million a year ago; interest expense of $105 million for the quarter, lower than prior year, due to the lower net debt levels. Allocated corporate expenses of $82 million were up from the $67 million level a year ago. We incurred some onetime costs associated with our fiscal year-end changes and related systems changes and some additional project costs. The other of $34 million is primarily related to the $25 million provision we booked in the quarter to cover potential assessments relating to a previously disclosed FCPA matter dating back to 2008 and earlier.
 Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 7. We present here the cash flow statement for the quarter ending March 31, 2013 compared to the same period the prior year. We generated $0.4 billion from operations before working capital changes in the quarter compared to $0.5 billion last year. Working capital changes were neutral to our cash flows this quarter compared to a large use of cash last year. Now normally in this quarter, working capital is a use of cash due to large payments we make to American farmers in the month of January. So we think we had good results in working capital management this quarter, even with these large payments. 
 Total capital spending for the quarter was $248 million. We are tracking towards a $1 billion capital spending level this calendar year. After changes in working capital and investments, our free cash flow was positive $100 million for the quarter compared to a large use of cash of $1.1 billion last year. We did not repurchase stock for the quarter, pending the resolution of the GrainCorp transaction and our discussions with the rating agencies. We finished out the quarter with average shares outstanding of 662 million shares on a fully diluted basis.
 Slide 8 shows the highlights of our balance sheet as of March 31. For comparison, we also show the balance sheet as of March 31, 2012. Cash on hand was approximately $1.6 billion, up from the $400 million level the prior year. Our operating working capital was about $13.6 billion, down from the $15 billion level last year despite commodity prices slightly higher. We are continuing to see the benefits of our focus on working capital. 
 Total debt was about $8.9 billion, resulting in a net debt balance that is debt less cash of $7.2 billion, down significantly from the March 31, 2012 net debt balance of $9.1 billion. The $7.2 billion net debt balance is the same level as where we closed on December 31, 2012. Our shareholders' equity of $19 billion is about $0.5 billion higher from the level last year, and our ratio of net debt to total capital, excluding cash from gross debt, is 28%, much improved from the March 31, 2012 level of 33%. So we are reducing leverage and maintaining a strong balance sheet. 
 We had $6.3 billion in available global credit capacity at the end of March. So with our $1.6 billion of cash balances, we've had about $8 billion of available liquidity at the end of the quarter.
 Next, Juan will take us through an operational review of the quarter. 
Juan Luciano: Thanks, Ray. Good evening to everyone on the call. Beginning on Slide 9, I will take you through the highlights of each of our business segments. 
 Oilseeds operating profit in the first quarter was $313 million, down $229 million from the same period 1 year earlier. Year-ago results included net favorable mark-to-market timing effects of about $60 million, while this quarter, including minimal timing effects. 
 Crushing and origination operating profit was $156 million, down $108 million from the year-ago quarter. In North America, softseed crushing results were down from last year's strong results as tight supplies affected seed basis and capacity utilization. North American soybean crushing results were strong in the quarter, but margins and production declined through the quarter amid weaker export meal demand and lower bean availability. 
 In South America, higher trucking costs and reluctant farmer selling negatively impacted our results. European crushing and origination results improved from the year-ago quarter, aided by reduced imports of North and South American meal.
 Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other generated a profit of $108 million for the quarter, up $29 million, as U.S. biodiesel demand saw a modest recovery, offset by poor margin conditions in Europe. Results included about $20 million in biodiesel's blender's credits, retroactive to 2012 blending.
 Cocoa and other results decreased $181 million amid weaker press margins and the absence of last year's $72 million favorable mark-to-market timing effect. Press margins were negatively impacted by the addition of industry processing capacity, lower cocoa powder prices and customer inventory reductions.
 Oilseeds results in Asia for the quarter were up $31 million from the same period last year, principally reflecting our share of the improved results from Wilmar.
 Please turn to Slide 10. As you see, corn processing operating profit of $153 million represented an increase of $20 million from the same period 1 year earlier. This quarter's results included $44 million in negative timing effects related to corn cash flow hedges that remained open at quarter end, that was up from $11 million in the same period last year. Compared to the quarter ending December 31, 2012, corn operating profit is up $150 million, primarily due to improved ethanol results.
 Compared to the same period last year, sweeteners and starches operating profit decreased $19 million to $76 million. When adjusting for the timing effect I mentioned, this quarter's results were an improvement over the year-ago period, a solid demand translated to tight sweetener industry capacity.
 Bioproducts results increased $39 million to $77 million. Our bioproducts business is now solidly profitable compared to the quarter ended December 31, 2012, in which we had significant losses due to weak ethanol margins.
 Ethanol margins improved through the first quarter as reduced inventory -- industry production rates, lower levels of imports and steady domestic demand resulted in reduced inventories and improved margins. Results also benefited from actions taken by ADM to improve the performance of its ethanol business.
 Turning to Slide 11. We will see a review of our Ag Services segment. Operating profit was $151 million, down $110 million from the same period 1 year earlier. 
 Merchandising and handling earnings declined $62 million to $86 million, due to lower volumes of U.S. origination and exports and lower execution margins in international merchandising. 
 Transportation results decreased $21 million to $6 million, as lower U.S. exports reduced barge freight utilization.
 Milling and other results remained steady, excluding last year's $20 million in equity income from Gruma. The milling business continued to perform well. As you recall, we sold our interest in Gruma last quarter as part of our ongoing portfolio management.
 Looking ahead, we see continued impacts from the U.S. drought. We will see the seasonal shift to South America, as farmers sell more of that harvest and the industry manages the ongoing logistic challenges. And we expect ethanol margins to remain positive but volatile for the rest of 2013.
 Please turn to Slide 12. As Pat mentioned earlier today, we announced our intent to acquire GrainCorp. Pat will discuss the transaction in a minute, but I would like to say a few words because I just returned from Australia, where ADM's staff and advisors have been conducting confirmatory due diligence.
 While I was there, I also got the chance to meet with some of the GrainCorp team. I was extremely impressed. GrainCorp has built a great business, a great network of assets, a very talented team, and they have a culture and a business model that are very compatible with our own. In summary, an excellent platform for us to build a successful Australasia strategy.
 There are still a number of milestones to come, but we could not be more excited about the prospects for this investment. Pat? 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Juan. Indeed, we are all very pleased and confident that we have driven to a very good place on this transaction. As we've said, the acquisition fits well with our growth strategy, it meets our financial objectives and it provides an excellent platform to serve growing global demand, particularly in the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
 Slide 13 provides an overview of the transaction. We have completed our due diligence, and we will make a cash offer of AUD 12.20, which the GrainCorp board has indicated it will recommend. You will recall, we acquired 19.8% of GrainCorp's outstanding shares in several tranches. That was at an average cost of AUD 11.24. So the total weighted acquisition cost to us would be about AUD 12 per share.
 GrainCorp, additionally, intends to pay its shareholders dividends out of current and retained earnings of AUD 1 per share. If regulatory conditions are not satisfied or waived by October 1 of this year, they will also pay an additional AUD 0.035 each month -- each full month beyond that date, subject to GrainCorp being profitable over that period. The acquisition implies an aggregate transaction value of AUD 3.4 billion, including ADM's existing ownership and GrainCorp's debt.
 Slide 14 outlines the key transaction metrics. Our weighted acquisition cost, excluding synergies, represents a multiple of about 8.5x the 2013 consensus EBITDA for GrainCorp. This multiple compares favorably with recent M&A transactions in the global ag space. We expect this acquisition to be earnings accretive to ADM in the first full year. We estimate run rate synergies of AUD 50 million to AUD 70 million by the end of year 2.
 Now we went into the confirmatory due diligence period with that estimate, and we were able to confirm and feel confident about that estimate, with roughly half of those synergies being cost- or efficiency-related and the other half revenue-related. Once we close the transaction and have full insight into the business, I am confident there will be additional upside opportunities.
 We fully expect this investment to meet our return objectives as the synergies are realized. We think this transaction is a great win-win for both ADM and GrainCorp shareholders. We believe it delivers strong value for both companies' shareholders. For ours, it meets our key financial objectives and will help drive future earnings growth. And for the GrainCorp shareholders, they will be receiving the AUD 12.20 per share from ADM, plus dividends from GrainCorp out of earnings generated by their strong recent performance.
 Slide 15 discusses our financial flexibility, funding and balance sheet implications. We have excellent financial flexibility to fund this investment. We will acquire AUD 2.2 billion of GrainCorp's remaining equity and estimated net debt of AUD 700 million. As Ray pointed out earlier, as of March 31, ADM has available liquidity of about USD 8 billion.
 We expect to continue generating operating cash flows up to closing. And depending on the U.S. harvest and its impact on crop prices, working capital could also be a source of funding in the second half of the year. So we can easily finance this transaction.
 As the closing approaches, we'll make a final decision on how we'll balance funding between operating cash flows and some sort of debt, and Ray will keep us up to date on this.
 Turning to Slide 16. And summarizing, GrainCorp is an excellent investment for our company. You've all seen this core model chart before. It lays out both the elements of our core model and our strategy, and GrainCorp fits both. It expands the size and reach of our core model. It's keeping with our strategy of investing in Oilseeds and Ag Services outside of the U.S. and, in this case, in the Southern hemisphere. It expands the crops we handle and process, and it provides a very advantageous platform to growing Australasia destination markets.
 GrainCorp has significant activity in the same value chain elements that ADM does: sourcing, transportation, processing, transforming, distribution, marketing and selling. It meets our financial objectives and will deliver good return for shareholders. All of us here at ADM are looking forward to working with the GrainCorp team and with Australian growers to build on their history of success.
 So now Craig will join Juan, Ray and me for the Q&A. So Jared, if you could please open the line for questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And you have a question from Farha Aslam. 
Farha Aslam: Congratulations on the GrainCorp transaction. 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you. 
Farha Aslam: And Pat, just starting off with GrainCorp, could you provide us any greater detail in terms of the earnings accretion you do expect? I know it's supposed to be earnings accretive in year 1, but could you provide us any detail about the scale? 
Patricia Woertz: Well, as you know, we did some confirmatory due diligence. So I think the combination of what you have noted or what can be noted from the AUD 3.4 billion of the transaction value and what we have paid per share, we look at the EBITDA forecasted with their 2013. And looking forward to 2014, I think it's reasonable to expect the $0.20 to $0.30 per share that, that math would come out to. We, of course, haven't closed the deal yet. It's a long way off. We're looking forward to spending time on it in greater detail. But again, I think with accounting work to do and the closing ahead of us, I think that's a high-level number that's probably not out of line. 
Farha Aslam: That's very helpful. And then in terms of the October close, are you at all concerned about the Chinese component? Or do you have any kind of carve-outs in case there's delays for that one portion of the transaction? 
Patricia Woertz: Well, we feel good that we've planned for this. So the filings and the work underway on the time chart to get filings in place for all of the transaction, our advisors have it in progress. I don't think we can speak to the specifics of Chinese approval at this time, and we look forward to making that happen as quickly and smoothly as possible. 
Farha Aslam: Great. And just 2 quick questions on your base business. In terms of the improvement in ethanol, I think you've highlighted that going forward, margins are going to be volatile. But just kind of near term, for the second quarter, are margins materially better than what you've realized for the first quarter? It's just some near-term direction would be helpful. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Farha, this is Juan here. I think margins continue to be good at this point in time. Obviously, when margins are good for a period of time, some of the capacity may come back, so that's why we are calling the volatility. But I think we've seen the market reaction that we predicted in the previous quarter. And now, at the moment, they are healthy margins. 
Farha Aslam: Healthy margins. And then if you just -- on Oilseeds, you highlighted that part of the impact was from North America and part of it was from the Brazilian and South American farmer and congestion issues. If you had to break the two, could you just give us roughly how much of an impact each was? 
Juan Luciano: I will describe that the biggest impact was probably South America. I think North America was a little bit down in softseeds but offset by the good performance in Europe. I think South America was the biggest impact. And in South America was probably 50-50 between the origination business, if you will, the farmer not selling and the trucking impact in the transportation of that. So part of that will not come back, which is the trucking extra costs. Part of that will come back when the sellers sell. So... 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler. 
Ryan Oksenhendler: Juan, I just want to -- I had a question about ethanol, in terms -- where we stand in terms of RINs available for use this year. And how many do you think will get used in 2013? And then as we roll into 2014, if there's not that many RINs available for use, is the market pretty much in balance for the whole year, maybe makes it a more stable year in ethanol? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. We share on your view there, Ryan. I think there are like 2 billion RINs available to carry into 2013. When we make the forecast for RINs available to carry into 2014, we get under 1 billion. So I think that -- we believe that E15, E85 will be needed to fulfill the mandate. So we are optimistic about our view of the '13, '14, '15 time frame for ethanol. We think that there's going to be a healthy supply-demand balance for the industry. 
Ryan Oksenhendler: Okay. And then also, can you -- I guess, can you talk about some of the returns on the capital that you spent over the last 12 months? It's kind of hard to see, I guess, given the drought, it's probably masking a lot of the returns. But if the cycle does turn, the normalized earnings, are they higher than they have been historically? And, I guess, can you quantify, I guess, some of the numbers on a margin or profit basis? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. I'm not sure I'm going to quantify it, Ryan. But I will say, yes, that they need to -- they're going to be higher. I think that we have expanded our earnings power through all the work that we have done in capital discipline and cost and cash. And you will see that when we have a normalized crop running through our asset base. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll. 
David Driscoll: I just like to kind of come back to the quarter and then the remaining outlook for 2013. Is it fair to say that the conditions will continue to worsen in the second and in the third quarters as U.S. crop supplies dwindle even further, which should just be an ongoing and significant negative impact to Oilseeds and Ag Services, kind of the 2 biggest pieces to the pie? Is that a fair statement? 
Juan Luciano: David, Juan here. I think you've heard me say in the previous call that first quarter and second quarter will be progressively worse. And so you are correct in terms of Ag Services. Until we're going to have a new crop, we will struggle with the lack of volume. It's like a fixed cost business, if you will, in that sense. So in Oilseeds, we're going to see the shift to South America. And obviously, our footprint is bigger in North America than in South America. So from an earnings perspective, that also is an impact. So we expect second quarter to be a difficult quarter for us. Third quarter will depend on planting harvest and all that. So we are, though, very pleased with our -- the startup of our Paraguay plant. The plant performed very, very well in South America. And actually, from a profit perspective, although it's hidden in a lot of the moving parts, it actually performed above expectations in the first quarter. So we are pleased with our investments in that sense. 
David Driscoll: And just 1 follow-up. Is there enough corn, in your opinion, in the United States for this summer? I note that the United States cornstalks are at 17-year lows, given -- and given the planting delays, it doesn't look like there's any chance of an early harvest. So how does that impact your thought process in the summertime for your entire corn processing segment? 
Craig Huss: David, this is Craig. First of all, we've had a couple of things happen. With -- we've obviously ended the drought, and we're very wet, which is -- which has -- with the wet, we have much more opportunity going forward on a grain crop. We are delayed a couple of weeks. But as you know, where the corn will mature on degree days of temperature, so it's a time period, we will be very tight, we'll have to manage margins. But we've done an awful lot of work in that area, and we'll just have to let the markets play themselves out. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Vincent Andrews. 
Vincent Andrews: Could you just give us your level of confidence in the 2013 GrainCorp earnings forecast? And, I guess, you're talking about going to '14. And just sort of how do you sort of bridge that with where earnings were in '11 and sort of -- we'd heard some scuttlebutt sort of throughout this process that maybe '12 was a better year than sort of was an above average year. So how do you think through that and have confidence and where things are there? 
Patricia Woertz: Well, one thing I can say, Vincent, is that when we modeled and looked at this opportunity, we really took into account the long range and the over multiple year crop conditions and earnings forecast. We realized they've had strong years and less than strong years. And actually, there was the outlook going forward by many analysts. So the consensus is that, that would come down over time. They also have some improvements planned. So I think it's more about what we can do together once we have closed on the deal. We feel confident that they can reach their earnings to pay out their dividend or they feel confident about that. That's the indication from their board. And I think it's about going forward in 2014 once we have the opportunity to reach the synergies, to assess more in detail, more than a week's worth of due diligence but assess in detail what every thing it is we can do. 
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then a separate question. Last week, the MLP Parity Act was reintroduced into Congress to make all sort of renewable energy assets, MLP-able. And when I saw that, I couldn't help but think of your ethanol assets and wondering whether turning those into an MLP at some point in time would be something you would be interested in. 
Ray Young: It's Ray here. We've been studying this thing in the past. In the past, the ethanol assets weren't eligible specifically for an MLP, but I guess we're going to, again, look at studying it and look at the opportunities to see whether it makes sense. 
Operator: And you have a question from Ken Zaslow. 
Kenneth Zaslow: A couple of questions. One is -- in terms of the ethanol side, I have 2 questions. One is, are you guys running your ethanol plant at full capacity? And would -- did you run on that full capacity during the quarter? 
Juan Luciano: Ken, Juan here. How are you doing? We are back at 100% capacity. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Did you run it at full capacity during the last quarter? 
Juan Luciano: Not the full quarter, no. We brought it back during the quarter. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And then in terms of 2014, on ethanol, how quickly do -- does the United States need to get the E15 pump to be able to actually meet the mandate?  Can you just like -- how does that work? Because I feel like the RINs are going to run out and then the E15 and the E85 pumps are really not popping up as quickly. How do the bridge work to get to the mandate? 
Juan Luciano: I don't remember exactly the math, but it's not a huge number. We believe that with E85 and maybe 15%, 20% or something like that of penetration of E15, we think. But don't quote, I may have to get back to you on that. It's quoting from memory. I don't remember exactly the math. 
Kenneth Zaslow: I don't usually ask a cocoa question, but how sustainable is the -- or how long will the performance of cocoa last at this somewhat subaverage level? Is it something that gets corrected immediately? Does it turn around over a year? Can you just talk about that? It's not huge, but it's probably about a $0.05 to a $0.10 relative to expectations. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. During January and March period, the grindings exceeded consumption. And -- so if you look at the overall world, we were coming from a period in which we couldn't produce enough powder to satisfy growing demand. And there was a slowdown to that. And with the change in price direction, everybody is starting a destocking. So I would say, underlying demand is recovering, although it's an early recovery. But it's mostly a slowdown and destocking of the industry. So we think it's probably going to be impacted for this quarter and the next in that sense, until we will resume the more tight supply-demand balance. 
Kenneth Zaslow: My last question for Ray is repurchasing stock. Could you talk about that? You said your liquidity is about $8 billion, transaction is AUD 3.5 billion, AUD 3.4 billion. Could you talk about -- will you start repurchasing stock? How does that all play out? Can you talk about the sequential share repurchase opportunities? 
Ray Young: Yes, Ken. Again, we're committed towards mitigating the impact of the remaining dilution on these equity units, about 14 million more shares we need to repurchase. The timing, we're working through it. As you know, in terms of our -- some of our credit metrics, especially the debt-to-EBITDA metrics, due to just weaker earnings, we've got -- we had some weaker metrics. The GrainCorp transaction, we believe we can easily finance the transaction. But we do need to kind of work through the next couple of quarters in terms of getting the earnings power up and our metrics up. But again, we feel confident that we will mitigate this impact, maybe not by the end of this calendar year, but over the next couple of years, we will mitigate that impact. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin with Davenport & Company. 
Ann Gurkin: Congratulations on your GrainCorp news, first of all. 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you. 
Ann Gurkin: I had a question related to GrainCorp. I'm just curious what the strategy for developing your exposure and business in the Australasia region. Have you tempered expectations at all? There's been a lot of news, discussion about maybe there's been global overproduction of grains and proteins. Is there any reason to temper kind of expectations for growth rate in that area of the world? 
Patricia Woertz: I don't think so. I'm not sure I'm reading the same thing you are because we're seeing expansion. Maybe if you expand what you think is Australasia to North Africa to where some of the grains go even farther West from just North of Australia, there's been some significant -- there's been growth year-on-year. Going forward, I think we have thoughts about integration in some of our already positioned imports into Asia, imports to China and so forth. And that's probably part of what we kind of talked about in that overall strategy. 
Ann Gurkin: Okay, great. And then the gap between adjusted ROIC and WACC narrowed in the quarter, which you explained, how should we think about that relationship as the year unfolds? 
Ray Young: One way to think about it is, clearly, the impact of the drought is having an impact on our earnings for the purposes of the ratio there. As Juan indicated, we'll probably have more pressure going through the second quarter. But I'm pretty confident that as we kind of move through the rest of the calendar year, assuming we got a normal harvest in the United States, we should see our earnings power being restored. We're actually doing a very, very good job on our invested capital base. By the way, when you take a look at our invested capital base at the end of March compared to the end of December, we're actually lower. So we continue to do a good job on both the cost, the cash and the capital side. We'll continue to work through that over the next quarters. And so when we start having earnings recovery associated with getting to more normal U.S. crop conditions, as well as seeing the full benefit of recovery in terms of the ethanol margins, I'm confident that our spread of ROIC over WACC will improve. 
Ann Gurkin: Okay, great. And then just 1 more question on South America. Going into the quarter, we were expecting some logistical issues, and you all were preparing for that. What was the biggest difference versus your preparation efforts for logistics in South America? Was it the trucking industry and expenses there? Or was there something else? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Ann, I think the trucking is the most difficult. We couldn't hedge that. And I think that there were a couple of issues in the environment that may be -- that were difficult to anticipate. I think the corn export were longer and extended into February and, to a certain degree, collided also with the soybeans exports. I think that there was a new truck legislation in South America that restricted daily trucker work journey. And the thing with that transport companies, we're able to pass those cost increases in terms of higher tariffs. So the situation is getting a little bit better, but it still continues. And I think we will continue into June, July at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. 
Michael Shlisky: [indiscernible] filling in for Ann. I was wondering if you could maybe first give us a brief overview. You had mentioned you would be able to meet your return goals within 3 years after you close GrainCorp. I was wondering if you can give us, Ray, some color as to what exactly those return goals are. 
Ray Young: Yes. As you know, we've stated that our return objectives for this company is to earn 200 basis points over our weighted average cost of capital. As we look at this transaction, look at our estimates of earnings and as we look at the role of the synergies over the next 3 years, that's how we're estimating that we will achieve a return objectives by year 3. 
Michael Shlisky: Great. And secondly, can you guys give us your latest view on some of the changes to ethanol and if they are currently being discussed in Washington D.C. and at the state level as well? 
Juan Luciano: What changes in ethanol that you're talking about? 
Michael Shlisky: For example, the RFS Reform Act or other efforts by some of the politicians in various states to change ethanol mandates going forward. 
Patricia Woertz: Maybe I'll take that, Mike. The -- first of all, I don't believe the RFS will be repealed. And while there is a lot of noise around this and many other subjects in Washington, if you kind of peer through it, it is a federal law. It would take agreement between House, Senate, President to change or repeal the law. We continue to feel confident about informing and educating lawmakers about the many benefits and the impacts of continued and enhanced ethanol use. So I think it stayed the course, and that's how I see it in Washington. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak. 
Tim Tiberio: Just wanted to go back to the GrainCorp transaction. When you look across the various segments within the business, is there any rethinking about the strategic fit as far as the mulching business? Are you still kind of early in that process? Can you provide us with any color? 
Juan Luciano: Sure. This is Juan. The mulching business appeared to be a very well-run global business at GrainCorp. And if you see the earning generation and the cash flow has been very steady. So we would like to really get to know the business better over the future months. As I said, we have a weak exposure to this company. And, again, this looks like a very well-run global business. So we will take a look at it. 
Tim Tiberio: Okay. And then on the European oilseed business, you suggested that it was slightly better as well. Is there anything going on within that segment that we should be aware of? And should we expect that, that can continue into Q2 and Q3 of this year? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. It is better mostly because of delays in South American export in meals. So I think they have less competition in that sense. So I think that eventually, it's going to catch up and North -- South America will normalize the export of meals, and then it will revert back a little bit. But at this point, it was a good quarter for Europe oilseeds, especially soybean. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Diane Geissler with Credit Agricole. 
Diane Geissler: Can you just talk a little bit about maybe the GrainCorp acquisition, just in terms of what you expect with the rest of your capital spending program. And, in particular, if you could address additional investments in South America, Brazil, in specific. 
Patricia Woertz: Well, I'll take that one, Diane. If you think about our $1 billion that we were planning to spend in 2013, we've talked about it being 50% -- over 50% outside the U.S. and, particularly, in Ag Services and Oilseeds, which GrainCorp fits, but we did not include large acquisitions like this in that number. In the same token, if you think about it, since this is mostly in our Ag Services and Oilseeds area, we're taking even a further look at the pipeline of those investments. We're happy with what we've done, both last year and up through this year. But that team is going to think forward around integration and the good opportunities that come with the acquisition. So there may be a little bit of scaling back in the next opportunity in those 2 areas. But I think we can stick under that $1 billion and still find some great opportunity and returns within the GrainCorp acquisition. 
Diane Geissler: Given the timing, the expectation that it closes in October, do you expect your CapEx in '14 and '15 will be low -- will be below the $1 billion rate? 
Ray Young: We will be going through an updated planning process. As we move into the fall, we will incorporate GrainCorp into the planning process. And based upon that, we will come up with an updated assessment as to what our capital spending plan will be going forward. 
Diane Geissler: All right. And you mentioned that fructose supply was tighter and that demand was strong. Can you talk about where your contracting is for the full year in terms of the pricing? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, Diane. This is Juan. We're mostly done with our contracting, and we expect that from that perspective, our resulting margins will be in line with 2012. 
Diane Geissler: Okay. And then just 1 further question on the corn processing group, in specific on ethanol. You did talk about the fact that you had slowed some of your plants and you were back online. But you mentioned in your press release some things you've done internally to drive the margins. Is that referring to scaling back production? Or were there other things that you did within your manufacturing base that improved your margin structure and that's something that will continue through the -- over the next few years? 
Juan Luciano: The business did a very thorough review in December. And we continue with our energy efficiency, and we continue to improve our operations from a cost perspective. But that continues to accrue every quarter. We look at things like terminals. We look at the logistics. So it was an overall review of the business, inclusive of turning down some of the capacity. So I would say, a part of that was market recovery, and part of that, we have gotten better. And you will see that incorporated in 2013 results going forward. 
Diane Geissler: Is there any way to quantify what the cost saving is from maybe some of the things you've done internally to improve the efficiency of your operations? 
Juan Luciano: I'd rather don't. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a question from Rob Moskow with Crdit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow: Two questions on corn processing. The first, I think, Ray, you mentioned a $43 million open position on corn hedging. What does that mean for the rest of the year? Does it influence your margins for the rest of the year? Or was this just kind of a onetime thing? And then secondly, on ethanol, I wanted to know if there's any like -- if there's a disincentive for competitors of yours to chase production this summer just because perhaps, there's not a lot of capacity available on freight lines just to move ethanol around. I thought I picked that up somewhere and wanted to know, if there's not a lot a of railcar capacity available, do you think that will slow competition from chasing after margins? 
Ray Young: Rob, let me take the first one, and Juan will take the second one. Just to be clear on the $44 million, this is actually related to an accounting hedge ineffectiveness. And so just for background, Rob, if you recall back in '10 and '11, we saw a lot of volatility in our sweeteners and starches line related on hedging. And so we changed the approach towards hedging by actually designating the hedges in order to obtain cash flow hedge accounting treatment. So in effect, by matching up our hedges to our corn requirements for the different sweetener contracts, we're able to defer gains and losses on these hedges and match it up with the actual contracts. There are situations when the cash and the futures prices diverge or, stated another way, the basis moves. And when that occurs, the accounting treatment actually requires that when ineffectiveness occurs, then you have to recognize this gain or loss in the current period income. So one way to think about this, Rob, is the fact that this $44 million charge really represents an acceleration of some impacts from the future into current period. And this will reverse itself out in the future, either through the hedge becoming effective again or through just economically, we'll be purchasing corn at a more advantageous price relative to where we thought. So stated another way, we should see this impact reverse itself out over the course of the rest of the calendar year. 
Craig Huss: Rob, on the second part of your question -- this is Craig. I would say that as we talked about earlier on the grain, we are going to add dislocations, as we have a little bit later harvest. We consider that problem a core competency of ADM. We have the railcars. We have contracts with all the major railroads. It will be difficult for people to perform in that environment, but we did it in '05, we did it last year and we'll do it again this summer and fall. 
Robert Moskow: And your competition, you don't think they'll have that same access? Or is there plenty of capacity available during the summer to move corn around? 
Craig Huss: There is capacity, I'd say, but we have the asset base. I mean, when it comes to railcars and barges, and -- it's a core competency. We've made huge investments in them. And where those may be -- we can pull them from 1 area and put them in another. As I say, we've done that in every other inverse, and we've certainly got plans in place, both barge- and rail-wise to monitor and handle that situation. 
Operator: And we have no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back to Patricia Woertz for closing remarks. 
Patricia Woertz: All right, good. Well, thank you, all, for joining us today, particularly at this late hour. Slide 18 does list our upcoming investor events. And as always, feel free to follow up with Ruth Ann if you have any questions. I really thank you for your time and continued interest in ADM. Bye now. 
Operator: Thank you for participating. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ruth Ann Wisener - Vice President of Investor Relations Patricia A. Woertz - Executive Chairperson, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Juan R. Luciano - Chief Operating officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Risk Management Committee Craig E. Huss - Chief Risk Officer, Senior Vice President and Chairman of Risk Management Committee
Analysts: Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President, Investor Relations, for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. Wisener, you may begin.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, Cristy. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we're webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Please turn to Slide 3. On today's call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review our operations and outlook. And then, Craig Huss, our Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, will join Pat, Ray and Juan during the question-and-answer portion of the call. Please turn to Slide 4. I will now turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and welcome, everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. This morning, we reported fourth quarter net earnings of $284 million or $0.43 per share on a diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.38 per share. Our segment operating profit was $544 million. For the full fiscal year, net earnings were $1.2 billion or $1.84 per share, adjusted EPS was $2.25 per share and segment operating profit for the year was $2.5 billion. In a challenging fourth quarter, we saw solid results from our global oilseeds business, particularly in South America. They were more than offset by negative U.S. ethanol margins and weaker U.S. merchandising results. During the 2012 fiscal year, we have worked to optimize profits in this environment and we have also implemented actions that will improve ADM's earnings power and returns. We restructured our organization to improve productivity. Through that and other cost actions, we expect to reach more than $150 million in annual run rate savings by March of 2013. This year, we invested $1.5 billion in capital -- $1.5 billion in capital spending and $200 million in acquisitions with the focus on our growth CapEx on investments outside the U.S. For the second half of the calendar year 2012, July through December, we are planning about $500 million to $600 million of capital spending. Later this morning in his remarks, Juan will discuss our plans to buy a port and upgrade it in Northern Brazil. During the 2012 fiscal year, we managed our portfolio very carefully, shuttering operations in oilseeds, corn and milling that were not part of our objectives for profits or returns. And we returned nearly $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As we look ahead, while the drought in the U.S. has reduced the potential size of the U.S. corn crop, we are tracking the development of other crops in North America and in Europe. While U.S. crop carryouts are expected to be low, we have an exceptional and experienced business team to manage through this environment. Conditions like these demonstrate the vital role of our global agribusiness. As weather has regional effects on crops, we respond by working with our customers to provide the best alternatives to meet their needs from all growing regions of the world. Now I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 provides some financial highlights for the quarter, which I'll run through briefly. As Pat noted, quarterly segment operating profit was $544 million, down from last year's $921 million. Quarterly net earnings were $284 million, down 25% from last year's fourth quarter. Looking at our effective income tax rate for the quarter, we recorded taxes at 30%, resulting in an annual rate of 30% for the fiscal year. Our earnings per share were $0.43 on a fully diluted basis compared to last year's $0.58. Our adjusted earnings were $0.38 per share compared to last year's $0.69 per share. For the full fiscal year 2012 our adjusted earnings were $2.25 per share, down from the $3.45 level in fiscal year 2011. On Chart 18 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of reported earnings to adjusted earnings for the fourth quarters of fiscal year '12 and fiscal year '11, as well as for both fiscal years. In our LIFO adjusted 4-quarter trailing return on invested capital of 5.3% was 50 basis points below our WACC of 5.8%. Excluding other specified items such as our PHA charge in the second quarter and the global workforce restructuring charge in the third quarter, our adjusted ROIC of 6.2% was above our WACC by 40 basis points. Details of our ROIC and WACC performance can be found in Chart 19 of the appendix. Slide 6 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Juan will talk about the business segment results in his update. I would like to remind you that we realigned our segment reporting in the fourth quarter, with cocoa included in the oilseeds segment and milling and Gruma included in the ag services segment. This is to reflect how we are now managing these businesses. You can see a line called cocoa and other in oilseeds, which includes the cocoa, peanut and cellulose businesses. And you can see a line in milling & other in ag services, which includes milling and Gruma and our Alliance Nutrition and our Edible Beans businesses. In addition, we have moved working capital interest out of the business segments and into the corporate line. Our restatement of historical quarterly segment information to the new reporting format is included in the appendix. Now let me touch on a few items of significance in the corporate line. I mentioned LIFO earlier, a small credit of $50 million for the quarter similar to last year. Interest expense of $112 million for the quarter was similar to last year. Unallocated corporate expenses of $67 million are down significantly from last year due primarily to lower salary and benefit cost, in part from the global workforce reduction and lower general overhead expenses. Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 7, we generated $2.6 billion from operations before working capital changes for the fiscal year. We had a $300 million improvement in working capital, in part from the $1 billion sale of receivables executed in the third quarter. Total capital spending and acquisitions in the fiscal year was comprised of about $1.5 billion in capital spending and about $200 million in acquisitions. This was consistent with the revised target we communicated earlier in the year. Despite a challenging year from an earnings perspective, we were able to generate cash to pay down some debt, return a significant amount of capital to shareholders, and also increase our cash balances. Our total debt decreased by about $100 million, and our cash balances increased by $676 million. For the fiscal year, we returned about $1 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. Of the 44 million shares issued in June 2011 related to the equity unit conversion, we have bought back 30 million shares. Our intent is to mitigate the impact of the dilution by June 2013, although we will adjust the pace of the buybacks to reflect near-term working capital needs and near-term leverage. We finished out the year with shares outstanding of 659 million shares, and our average outstanding shares for the fiscal year 2012 was 666 million shares. Slide 8 shows the highlights of our balance sheet. Fourth quarter cash on hand was approximately $1.5 billion, up from the $1.2 billion level in the third quarter. Our operating working capital was about $15 billion, similar to the third quarter of which $12 billion was inventories and $8 billion was readily marketable. Total debt was about $10 billion and shareholders equity was $18 billion, also similar to our third quarter levels. Our ratio of net debt to total capital, excluding cash from gross debt, is 33%, which is similar to the level at the end of fiscal year 2011. We had $1.3 billion outstanding in commercial paper and we had available credit capacity of $4.4 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. With our solid balance sheet, we are prepared to handle an environment of higher commodity prices. Even with the recent surge in commodity prices, we still have about $3 billion of available credit capacity globally. Next, Juan will take us through an operational review for the quarter.
Juan R. Luciano: Thanks, Ray. Good morning to everyone on the call. Beginning on Slide 9, I will take you through the highlights of each of our business segments, then I will provide our current assessment of market conditions and their implications for ADM. Oilseeds operating profit in the fourth quarter was $331 million, down $118 million from the same period 1 year earlier. Crushing and origination operating profit was $150 million, down $76 million from the year ago quarter, which benefited from significant favorable timing effects in Europe. This year's quarter reflected about $70 million less in favorable timing effects. South American soybean crushing and grain origination results improved significantly. We had lower North American softseeds crushing results as supplies were tight. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other generated a profit of $84 million for the quarter, down $6 million, mainly on weaker biodiesel results from Europe. Cocoa and other results declined $19 million mainly due to weaker cocoa press margins. Oilseeds results in Asia for the quarter were down $17 million from the prior year's fourth quarter, principally reflecting our share of the results from equity investee, Wilmar. Please turn to Slide 10. As you see, Corn Processing operating profit was $74 million, a decrease of $48 million from the same period 1 year earlier. Sweeteners and starches operating profit increased $124 million to $135 million, amid continued sweetener export demand and higher average selling prices. Last year's fourth quarter results were negatively impacted by a higher net corn cost resulting from the timing of economic hedges, whose mark-to-market gains were recognized in earlier quarters in that fiscal year. Bioproducts results in the quarter decreased $172 million to a loss of $61 million. We saw improved results from the rest of our bioproducts businesses, but those gains were offset by significantly weaker ethanol results. Industry ethanol replacement margins were negative through the quarter as industry supply exceeded demand. Turning to Slide 11, you will see a review of our Agricultural Services segment. Operating profit was $123 million, down $222 million from the same period 1 year earlier. Merchandising and handling earnings fell $152 million to $30 million due to lower U.S. merchandising results and lower U.S. crop supplies, which reduced North American export volumes. Results for the quarter also reflected an increase in loss provisions of about $40 million. Transportation results increased $5 million to $17 million. Excluding a $78 million gain related to ADM's share of a Gruma asset disposal that benefited last year's fourth quarter, milling and other results were steady. On Slide 12, you can see highlights from other financials. In the fourth quarter, operating profit from these businesses was $16 million, up $11 million from the same period 1 year earlier. The improvement was primarily a result of lower captive insurance loss reserves and better results at ADM Investor Services. On Slide 13, I would like to update you on our capital spending and M&A for fiscal year 2012. As Ray mentioned, we invested $1.5 billion in capital spending and $200 million in acquisitions, consistent with our revised target. Of our $1.2 billion in global growth spending, about half was spent outside of the United States. And we targeted the majority of this growth spending in the oilseeds and ag services divisions as part of our capital allocation strategy. Our largest investments in 2012 fiscal year included the acquisition of Elstar Oils in Poland, our construction of the Paraguay soybean crush plant which is on track to start operations by harvest, our purchase of a group of grain elevators in Wisconsin, our acquisition of storage facilities in Slovakia, and our purchase of barges for the Mississippi River to support export operations. Each of these larger investments supports either our strategy to expand our international origination and processing footprint or our strategies to strengthen our U.S. export infrastructure. Looking forward to the second half of calendar year 2012, we plan to spend approximately $500 million to $600 million in capital spending over the 6-month period. The reduced rate of spending reflects a more cautious view of the global macroeconomic and commodities environments and likely increased needs for working capital. Our spending in this period will again be focused on strengthening our international footprint. Later this morning, we will be announcing an agreement to purchase a port terminal in Northern Brazil. This investment is part of our overall strategy to increase our origination and transportation networks in the world's most productive regions. This port will increase our capacity to export grain from West and Northern Brazil and further expand our fertilizer operations throughout the country. We will be converting the facility from handling minerals to handling ag products, and we expect it to be up and running by early 2014. Our purchase is subject to regulatory approval. Turning to Slide 14, we want to provide some perspective on current market conditions and their implications for ADM. Global protein meal demand remains solid, so we expect good U.S. industry capacity utilization. The smaller South American spring harvest means the U.S. is currently the world's main seller of meal. It has also improved soybean crush margins in Europe. Solid demand for corn sweeteners means industry sweetener capacity will remain tight and ethanol inventories are declining as production has dropped. U.S. corn and soybean yields have been reduced by drought. Wheat was less affected. U.S. corn exports will be lower. Export demand for U.S. soybeans should be good given the limited South American carryout. And wheat exports should be good. And as always, the cure for high prices is high prices. We expect that South American farmers will respond to high crops prices by increasing planted acres. Now I turn the call back to Pat.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Juan. Before we take your questions, let me just recap. We had a challenging fourth quarter, solid oilseeds results, poor ethanol margins, lower ag services results. And in the full fiscal year, we had workforce reductions with upwards of $150 million in annual savings. Our growth CapEx is focused outside the U.S. We carefully managed our portfolio and we returned nearly $1 billion to shareholders. Now Craig will join Juan, Ray and me for the Q&A. So Christina, would you -- Cristy, would you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ryan Oksenhendler of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Pat, can you talk about I guess the current ethanol environment? You said that inventory is declining. It sounds like the industry is reacting to high prices, but can you give us a sense of what current margins are and what the breakeven price is at $8 [ph] Corn?
Patricia A. Woertz: Yes. I'm going to ask Juan to talk about the ethanol environment. If you want, I can talk about policy issues in Washington. So Juan?
Juan R. Luciano: Okay. Yes, Ryan. Currently, the industry has been adjusting production. We are -- if you take the peak at 14.7 billion gallons, we are about 2.5 billion gallons lower than that. So we're running at around 12 billion something. So we can see that rationalization that, that has started to reduce inventories and that has started to turn margins, if you will. Margins continue to be extremely volatile because as the industry is trying to reduce inventories, corn is moving at the same time. So that produces a lag. So we've seen, overall, if you will, an improvement in margins. They are still -- replacement margins are still negative, if you think about that.
Patricia A. Woertz: And I might just comment, as I said, on the Washington side, kind of 2 conversations are going on in Washington. One relates to ethanol continuing to be the lowest cost fuel in the world, strong job creation, strong important economics in the Midwest and yet, the drought discussions about who experiences the pain associated with higher prices and how that will continue to be rationed.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And so do you guys expect margins to remain negative until we harvest the U.S.?
Juan R. Luciano: Last year, Ryan, margins turned about June 15. Candidly, we were expecting that to happen about the same time for this year. I think that probably the industry has more coal ownership and maybe they've been running a little bit on that. Now for the summer, we expect with the high corn prices and also some of the chilling units not running as hard. We expect margins to turn within this quarter.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last quick one. In terms of the -- I know, the Agro National Insurance Company [ph] that you guys own, you guys do write insurance for farmers. But I guess can you give us an idea of the size of that business, what your exposure is and if you are potentially going to have losses, when would you have to recognize them?
Ray G. Young: We've -- Ryan, it's Ray Young here. We're still relatively small from a market share perspective in the United States in terms of crop insurance although we're growing. We have taken some provisions already in the fourth quarter related to this business -- related to the crop, but we're monitoring the situation here. So it's not going to be material for our business here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was hoping for a little more detail on what ag services could do for fiscal '13. You say you're tracking other crops and you mentioned wheat and oilseeds, but is it fair to say that we should be expecting a below-average year? According to the prior definition, average was $150 million to $200 million a quarter. I was thinking along the lines of below that range. What do you think, Ray?
Juan R. Luciano: Robert, this is Juan. I can answer the question for you. We certainly have been impacted this quarter with lower volume, so you can see the results. As we look at -- into the future, we certainly are facing this prospect of reduced crops. So we have -- we are developing contingency plans for our business to make sure that we adjust our cost position. Certainly, we have contingency plans in terms of quality. We think that there is going to be big variances in quality that will present opportunities for us although the crops will be reduced by an X factor. That X factor is not evenly distributed around the country. And as we look at our -- the position of our assets and our transportation network, we think that, that will provide opportunity also to serve these locations. We do believe that our global footprint, especially in South America, has performed this quarter very, very well. We think that it will provide advantages going forward. You know Brazil has a spectacular safrinha of corn, and we're moving that. And I think that our international merchandising group has been improving the origination around the world and that will serve good for them, too. Also, as we come into this next quarter, we have -- in Q4, we suffered a little bit. Our export program in Argentina suffered from some logistic strikes, and that is being corrected. And we think that we're going to have a better execution in Q1.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Juan, I appreciate all the detail. Just can I follow up on corn? Your corn sweetener margins were pretty solid, and I know that you had a price increase that went into effect on your fixed contracts in January. Can you give us a sense of how your corn is positioned on those contracts? Can we expect that same cost basis that you had in the second quarter? Is that going to follow through in calendar third quarter and calendar fourth quarter?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, Robert. We are -- I think we said it before. We are mostly hedged in those contracts. So yes, as you see, we have a solid volume and we implemented the new price increases. And we expect that solid performance to continue throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So just to follow-up on those 2 questions. The first one was, can you actually price through the recent higher spike in corn prices and sweeteners? And can you talk about the outlook on that in terms of the margin ability going into 2013?
Ray G. Young: Well, Ken, I mean, a couple of things. First of all, in terms of the sweeteners, I mean, for the fixed-price contracts, those are locked in. And as we indicated, we generally hedge those contracts. So that's why Juan made the comment that we feel pretty comfortable on that. I mean, there is always going to be some level of spot business available. And given the tightness that we have in terms of sweetener capacity in the United States, we generally feel that we'll be able to pass on price increases on spot businesses. Now looking at calendar year next year...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'm not talking for the contracting year coming up.
Ray G. Young: Yes. So for calendar year '13, as you know, we generally have contracts on a calendar year basis. We haven't started negotiating that yet. We'll get into the negotiation towards the end of the calendar year. And we'll look at the market at that point in time, and we'll negotiate with customers in terms of arriving at contract prices reflective of market conditions.
Juan R. Luciano: I will say, Ken, that our commercial team is getting very close to our customers these days, and I would say that conversations have started. Obviously, customers are worried about that. So we started discussions but not contract negotiations yet.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then with respect to the change in the U.S. crop outlook, is there anything that you guys need to do in terms of either capital allocation changes, changes in capacity levels or something that's reacting to this condition that you need to kind of reposition your -- again, either your allocation of capital or your capacity levels?
Juan R. Luciano: In terms of the allocation of capital, Ken, you saw in my prepared remarks that we have reduced the capital just to be prudent going forward given the maybe elevated working capital demands that these new prices will post on us. But second, we are -- we continue to increase our investment outside the U.S. to balance our global footprint. In terms of ag services per se, we are implementing a set of contingency plans just to make sure we match our cost position with maybe a reduced volume for the year. So several things are being put in place right now.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In the situation where you reallocate for ag services, do you think you could still reach that lower level, the $150 million, or -- on an ongoing [ph] level -- or do we have to wait until the next crop year to actually replenish that $150 million to $200 million level?
Juan R. Luciano: I think at least I would like to know what kind of crop are we having in front of us. So I think it's a little bit too premature. It's a volume business as you know and we are still watching the weather. So I will probably -- I will wait until the final USDA report on crops.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to go over to soybean processing. So with the -- given where we are in the time line of growth for the U.S. soybean crop, I think we're getting pretty clear information that the U.S. soybean crop is also going to be significantly damaged because of the drought. I don't know that anybody knows exactly where the numbers are, but I think it's pretty sure that we're -- it's to safe to say that. So when I think about crushing margins on new crops, soy and then externally in other parts of the world, I'd just like to hear your comments on how your asset base will handle a very tight global oilseeds situation. And I'm thinking that this isn't really all that bad that yes, you'll have to pay up for the underlying crop, but just simply given the fact that these end customers have to have it, crushing margins in the environment really ought to be perhaps okay, maybe even better than if you had a tremendous crop in both North and South America and then we would have seen the effect of the overcapacity, which you've talked about at length on prior calls. So apologies for the long-winded question, but can you discuss these factors on Oilseeds Processing and what your outlook is for that business?
Juan R. Luciano: Sure. David, this is Juan. We've seen, as I mentioned before, very good results in South America. Demand for high pro has been very good. And also, Brazil has been able to cover for some of the shortages for all of Argentinian oil and also some needs in China. So business was very good over there. I would say the soybean crushing in the U.S. continues to be very strong this quarter. Actually, this past quarter was a little bit softer in softseeds but in soybeans has been very strong. Again, South America doesn't have a lot of meal to compete with. The same impact we have seen in Europe in which our soybean crushing in Europe, the margins there have improved significantly, too. But still, Europe continues to be a little bit soft in the oil side, but I think that even canola is getting a little bit of a boost from the meal demand. So I will -- we will say, all in all, our assets are faring very well into that. Maybe I'll pass it a little bit to Craig to comment also in some of the soybean conditions, too.
Craig E. Huss: I think the very positive thing about soybeans is that you replenish the supply twice a year when you -- so we have very tight demand now. That should be very good for our crop. We'll ration that through, but we know that in Feb, March, we'll have South America to come on. So it's a margin basis and it's a crushed volume basis. So soy is not nearly the concern, although we do have concerns about the crop. We need rain across the country, obviously, to finish this crop off.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So it sounds like you guys would agree with my assessment that the crushing margin environment in the next 12, 18 months is really actually pretty good because of the tightness out there. Is that -- I mean, bottom line, is that correct?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We are optimistic about our businesses being solid performer and we expect it to continue in that way.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. One final question here, just following up on the ethanol margin comment. I think you actually said you expect margins in ethanol to go positive next quarter. Now I'd -- boy, I'd really like to probe this one a bit. Juan, were you talking about old crop corn, ethanol margins simply because people run out and you guys have corn? Are you talking about new crop corn? And if you're talking about new crop corn, I'm -- that seems to be remarkably optimistic given the pressures. I'd love to hear the kind of the details as to why those margins would go positive under such tremendous corn stress.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. I said that we were expecting -- as of last year, we saw margins turn in June 15. We were expecting this time to take a little bit longer. We said that maybe we expected it to have happened and it hasn't today. So we continue to look with hope for that to happen in the future. We think that with more corn availability, with more heat making this plant produce a little bit less that maybe there is an opportunity there to supply it in line with demand and maybe we see improvement in margins.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's an old crop corn comment though and then -- I believe so. And then new crop corn, just given where prices look like they're headed and the fact that the damage, it looks to be like this is -- this could surpass the '88 drought. Would you agree that the futures curve is showing negative margins and that the environment for ethanol on the new crop looks to be pretty tough?
Juan R. Luciano: I think yes and no. The way I tend to think about it, David, is more of a supply and demand issue. And it's an issue of how many people can produce versus how many people can stay in the game for a relatively -- relatively maybe inelastic demand. So as I've said, we are 2 billion gallons per year down from the peak. And corrected for gasoline consumption, demand is pretty much flat, if you will, flattish or slightly down. So that is our hope or our view that if production continues to be lower because more people are having difficulty financing their working capital or running their plants, we expect those margins to tighten a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just in terms of your ethanol production, because in the past when we've seen drought stressed corn, we've seen a big increase in aflatoxin and then big knock-on effects in the distillers, are you at all concerned with the quality of the corn coming out this year? And if you could comment on how you're managing that.
Craig E. Huss: This is Craig. Yes, we're certainly concerned. You are always concerned when there is heat on a crop like this. We are making all kinds of plans, of alternatives that we can do all the way for back in 1988, the government allowed blending of aflatoxin. We'll have to wait to see where they go. And if there's aflatoxin, we'll direct that. And there are legal specifications of which animals can handle which degrees. And our transportation network, we're prepared, for example, to go to Texas with aflatoxin that -- with higher degrees and we'll certainly protect our plants on the front end. But it's all part of the planning process.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And then is there any way -- do you expect to adjust or lower your ethanol volumes? If you can't get sufficient corn in certain areas -- how do you adjust for that? If you can't secure delivery -- I'm hearing a lot about farmers not delivering on contracts. I'm just curious how you manage that.
Craig E. Huss: I think that's always the case when prices run up. I think as an industry, we have less ownership this year than we have in the past, which helps that risk, but also 80-something-percent of the farmers are insured with the program. So I -- we see less of that in the past, but it won't be a concern. And we're checking contracts on a regular basis as you do any time a crop runs up like that. But this location -- yes, if there aren't, we'll manage the margin process in ethanol just like we do in any part of our business.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And then just on your crushing side, with the losses that we're seeing on the livestock industry and on a relative basis, probably pretty sizable declines in overall feed demand here as we see some cutbacks -- how are you looking at kind of their ability to take on that kind of price increase especially on meal and what are the alternatives? I know that historically, distillers have been a good substitute there, maybe some amino acids? Can you talk about how that all fits into your outlook?
Craig E. Huss: Well, substitution will be a major concern for -- these are our customers. We live with these guys and we are working with everyone to provide the full stratus of all of our different divisions, whether it be the cotton group can pick it up or be the softseeds group. For example, we will see -- I think, we'll see canola meal move into soya rations, and it should help the bio group with the lysine, et cetera. But it's -- we have -- we all talk to these livestock people. And our concern, more than anything, is that we help these people preserve the herds and help this thing go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Pat, maybe we could draw on your pre-ADM experience to talk a little bit more about ethanol. Let's assume that -- or I guess, my question is, ethane, I understand -- as I understand it, is an important source of octane for the gasoline pool and I also understand it to be the least expensive source of octane in terms of getting from 84 to 87, which I think is the minimum to sell commercial gasoline. What would happen if, for some reason, ethanol wasn't available to the gasoline pool? And I guess my -- what I'm really saying is if you got rid of the RFS, would it actually make a difference?
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, Vincent, your question has as its premise really, economics -- and blending economics are what's driving -- and more importantly, what's driving the ethanol business more so than the mandate or it's less dependent on the mandate. You're right that other alternative octane substitutes or blending components are more expensive today, whether it's alkylates or imported blending components are more expensive than ethanol. Ethanol is less than RBOB or a regular unleaded gasoline. And so the economics are there to blend. So hopefully, not only is it available because the industry can supply our customers as we're attempting to do, but it's the most economic for blenders and they look to it as the most important octane booster.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And do you think that's something that's well understood in sort of the policy debate around this?
Patricia A. Woertz: A lot about the policy debate has different arms and legs to it depending on the constituencies who are presenting their point of view. So no, I don't think it's completely understood by everyone, but all aspects of this sometimes are interrelated. So we try to communicate the issues as factually and economically as we can with all the components considered. I think the EPA is very informed and smart about things. And I think they will duly consider anything in this regard. So I don't think they are uninformed.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on your own ethanol operations, I mean, it clearly is a supply and demand issue and as we just discussed, the underlying octane value of ethanol compared to substitutes is much higher and if the supply and demand were tighter, there is actually a case where ethanol could trade above RBOB so long as it was cheaper than alkylate or aromatic or what have you. And so I guess the question is, is do you guys ever think about sort of acting as a swing producer in ethanol and maybe sort of being that lever that gets the industry from oversupply to undersupply because it would seem like perhaps the margin improvement on the gallons that you would sell might offset sort of the lost operating leverage? So could you maybe talk to that a little bit?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. Vincent, this is Juan. I would say we will consider that if we believe that we could make that impact. At this point in time, there are probably 28 plants down of a total of maybe 204 plants down. So it's still a very fragmented market. I think the market will evolve into a more consolidated market one day, where maybe we can have that kind of impact, like maybe these days in the soybean margin -- markets where, sometimes, we adjust capacity utilization and we see a result. I don't think the market is mature to -- for us to accomplish that goal by reducing our capacity. So at this point, we put all our efforts and continue to drive our cost position down and over through our whole value chain all the way from origination to transportation, and that's what our focus is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Tiberio of Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: I guess based on your comments that you see ethanol margins turning within the quarter, is it fair to say that you're pretty comfortable with the carrying value of the long-term, long-lived ethanol assets?
Ray G. Young: Yes. This is Ray here. Yes, let me -- as you appreciate, we do analysis of impairments every quarter and we take a hard look at the end of fiscal year. But based upon our outlook, our long-term outlook in terms of where we think margins are and [indiscernible] impairment analysis based on cash flow, not earnings here, we feel comfortable where we are right now.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question on consolidation. With some of the smaller players maybe struggling even more than ADM, do you see the opportunity to potentially, over the next 9 to 12 months, to act as a consolidator within the industry?
Juan R. Luciano: Tim, we're always looking. When it makes sense and it's a plan that actually we can plug into our system and doesn't detract our future position, I think we will consider.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin of Davenport & Company.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Regarding potential acquisitions, is there any change in the number of opportunities out there?
Patricia A. Woertz: I'd say with the opportunities set may change going forward. Certainly, when you have distressed times or people are looking at such, there may be some opportunities going forward that currently are not in our queue, but we continue to look and have as we indicated even on our port this morning in Northern Brazil. We have our eye outside the U.S. and particularly in the growing regions and the areas that complement our system quite nicely.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: So the reduction and -- or the more cautious capital spending forecast reflects more kind of -- more cautious stance and potential higher working capital needs versus a change in the landscape of potential opportunities. Is that fair?
Ray G. Young: That's correct. Yes.
Patricia A. Woertz: That's correct.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, a number of protein companies are now talking about importing corn from South America. Are you participating in any of that business?
Craig E. Huss: We would. We have not at this point, but we certainly would. We are marketing corn out of Brazil and we just -- we have discussed that, in this case the market is the market. And if we can help the livestock producers with their margin structure, we'll help to do that. This is a rationing process and that's part of that rationing.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my other question, you talked about developing contingency plans in your ag services and one of them was matching cost and volume. Can you give us any other indication of what areas you may also make adjustments or what are the plans you're working on?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We have a lot of -- sometimes we hire temporary workers for the harvest season and we can adjust that. We can adjust time in which some of our elevators will be receiving or be open. So we adjust our transportation thing. So we -- there is a battery of things. We have many, many assets and there are many levers that we can pull.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz of Topeka Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Juan, you mentioned high prices take care of high prices. I guess the concern is you're discussing the potential for margin improvement in ethanol due to capacity rationalizations. This capacity -- at least the last time we saw this from a margin standpoint, capacity shut-ins were very temporary and far more financial than any structural issue -- when margins returned so did all of that periphery capacity. Why would it be different this time? And why would we not see some of that subpar capacity come right back online when margins show any sign of improvement?
Juan R. Luciano: Ian, I think I tend to agree with you. When I said before this is a relatively new industry that needs to mature and consolidate, I think that we're still going to have some periods in which -- when market -- when margins improve, some of that capacity will come back up. So I think that's where we need to get to things like maybe E15 or other measures or exports to actually tighten that up with the full capacity. I was describing about reproducing the cycle maybe we had last year that maybe we had half of the year unprofitable and half of the year with good margins. So -- but I agree with you. Until there is more consolidation, you're always going to have some shutdowns and then when the margins come back, some of that capacity will come back up.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, understood. And from a policy standpoint or maybe not even a policy but just kind of an understanding of what's the conversation is going on inside the Beltway. If we see overall gasoline demand somewhere below that ability to absorb RFS2 on a 13.8 billion gallon level for 2013, with no regard to high corn prices or negative livestock margins or anything, what is in place to handle that obligation, where blenders are kind of unable to meet that volume obligation simply because their end market is a lot smaller than RFS2 forecasted?
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, there is certainly the RIN process in place. There is also the expectation that as E15 gets into the market, it absorbs some of the -- obviously, it doesn't take much to get back to more in line with gasoline demand being ethanol -- if ethanol blends greater in the gasoline pool, and then also with exports. So I think the natural economic factors that allow greater blending and E15 being part of that is what Washington expects even as gasoline -- total gasoline consumption is flat or slightly down.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But exports aren't going to help you with your RFS2 obligation, correct?
Patricia A. Woertz: No. They just help with the overall production.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Overall production. And so even -- this is the difference between the RFS2 volume map out to 15 billion gallons and these CFRs that we got at the beginning of the year more on a percentage basis, you're -- not you though, but the blenders are more obligated on a volume basis than they are on a percentage so that even if we see gasoline demand flat to slightly down, they're not going to be adjusting based off of a percentage level. They're going to still be beholden to that 13.8 billion gallon requirement. Is that correct?
Patricia A. Woertz: That's correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts of Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Ray, the net invested working capital was down slightly year-on-year. How much are the unit prices in your working capital up and unit tons that you're carrying on working capital down?
Ray G. Young: Yes, a couple of comments on working capital. I mentioned that we did sell about $1 billion of receivables so that helps your working capital. When you look at the price volume variance on inventory, we're actually -- price had an impact of taking up inventory about $1 billion. And so the offset would be volume. So our absolute level of inventory in terms of volume is down but the price is up by approximately $1 billion year-over-year.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I mean, is that down because it's a little more difficult for you to source? Or are you purposely carrying it down because of your outlook on crop prices?
Ray G. Young: No. I mean, a couple of things. I mean, we consciously try to manage working capital and manage inventory. Plus also, it's just the -- we just time the year, the seasonal rental of inventory.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: So that was looking at year-over-year. I mean, it's down a little bit, same season to last year.
Ray G. Young: Yes. And our inventory levels are generally down. As you saw in the ag services results, we just had fewer inventory in order to sell.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And then how do you -- and this is for Pat, but how do you handle the stub period here with respect to your management targets? Do you have an incentive to get your returns up during the 6-month stub period before you go to the new fiscal year basis?
Patricia A. Woertz: Yes. We're looking at a stub year or a 6-month cycle for our incentive plan sort of in a -- in fact, we're doing -- we'll address that this week at our board meeting and then we'll start new with the calendar year in 2013. And yes, returns are very much part of our incentive recommendations.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And then finally, just what was the $40 million provision for loss? Is that something we might expect on a recurring basis here until the market conditions improve?
Ray G. Young: No, John. That was a unique factor. So I view it as kind of one-off for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Larson of CL King.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc.: I just want to quickly talk -- ask a question on your ag services division in the quarter and your export number, which was down in the quarter. And I'm assuming that your soybean and your meal exports were actually pretty good and corn was pretty weak. Can you give me some flavor of what the 2, the direction of -- size direction of each of those commodities were in the quarter?
Craig E. Huss: Well, obviously, there was rationing going on in corn. And as crushed margins got better, we ran our plants harder and a lot of -- a big part of that would export, so not surprising at all, I don't think. Looking at last year's crop that there was rationing at the tail end of the crop, and it was little bit of a surprise. And I'd say the smaller South American crop gave us a nice run on the soy and on the meal exports.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc.: But then that meant that corn was particularly weak. Obviously, the rationing is pretty rampant at this point.
Craig E. Huss: Yes. And that's going to be rationed. As prices had to go higher, they are higher, and that creates front-end rationing, and that's what we've seen.
Eric J. Larson - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Sure, okay. And then if Ray could give me a little bit better feel. You talked about your credit availability flexibility to finance your higher working capital or your inventories coming this fall. If in fact you need to find other sources of financing, would you look at accounts receivable sales first or would you consider another preferred offering? I mean, can you give us a little flavor as to how much relative flexibility you have in financing your inventories this fall?
Ray G. Young: I think we have a lot of flexibility. I mean, like I say, even with the runup in commodity prices, we still have $3 billion available right now. And then we do have test capacity. I mean, we could go out right now and raise debt, both short term and long term, if we wanted to as well. So I feel pretty comfortable that -- and we've done some stress testing too, by the way, in terms of sensitivities under different price, volumes scenarios. So I think we can handle any additional runup that may occur.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on exports to Mexico for high-fructose corn syrup. Can you give us a sense -- are you charging more for those exports than you were just a few months ago? Are those tolling [ph] contracts based on the price of corn? And if so, how close are you to coming to like the breakeven on sugar? Do you see a risk that Mexico would switch to sugar at some point?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. Robert, our exports to Mexico continue growing. I think they're growing less rapidly than before but continues on a solid base. Certainly, with these high corn prices we get in -- the gap has narrowed. But at this point in time, there's still an advantage and we don't see a shift. And that's not only an economic shift just of fructose versus corn syrup, but also the handling of it. You need to handle it solid, and you need to melt it. So there are many other costs just versus -- just besides the pound per pound basis. So I think at this point, we don't see any potential for change in the short term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz of Topeka Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up, we've been hearing a lot about changes in water levels along the Mississippi River due to the drought and how that's impacting traffic on the river. Can you guys comment at all about how this may be impacting your business? And is there any way to kind of do a workaround around this critical path?
Craig E. Huss: Obviously, there has been -- with no rain, you get lower water levels. And we actually have seen a slight rise Memphis and south this week, but overall, we're still loading our barges to a 9-foot draft. We've seen several restrictions as we had to use narrower tows, smaller tows. It's a supply and demand deal, but right now, our costs are going up. I think the key for us is, can we get prices up to maintain operation? But I don't see us -- I don't see the river shutting down at this point. I think it's going to be a matter of competing with rail to be competitive. So at this point, we had some facilities that might be out due to low water and you'll see -- you'll continue to hear that a river section may be down for a day or so but they bring the dredges in, fix the channel and we go forward. We've had these -- we've had droughts many times.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Pat Woertz for closing remark.
Patricia A. Woertz: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. And as always, feel free to follow up with Ruth Ann or Ray if you have any other questions, and have a good day. Thanks for your time and your interest. Bye now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-05-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Ruth Ann Wisener - Vice President of Investor Relations Patricia A. Woertz - Executive Chairperson, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Ray G. Young - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Juan R. Luciano - Chief Operating officer, Executive Vice President and Member of Risk Management Committee Craig E. Huss - Chief Risk Officer, Senior Vice President and Chairman of Risk Management Committee
Analysts: Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Ms. Wisener, you may begin.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, Kristy. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and access of -- actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Please turn to Slide 3. On today's call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results. Our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review our operations and outlook. Ray will discuss some upcoming changes in our financial reporting. And then, Craig Huss, our Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, will join Pat, Ray and Juan during the question-and-answer portion of the call. Please turn to Slide 4. I will now turn the call over to Pat.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter conference call. This morning, we reported third quarter net earnings of $399 million or $0.60 per share on a fully diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was a solid $0.78 per share. Segment operating profit was $887 million.  We delivered very good results this quarter, despite difficult margin environments, particularly in ethanol and European oilseeds. The strong third quarter last year set a high bar and this quarter represents a solid performance by the ADM team. In the quarter, we continued our efforts to drive shareholder returns. With Wilmar, we finalized our partnership agreements in fertilizer, ocean freight and European tropical oil refining. These are subject to regulatory approval. We began and have substantially completed our global workforce restructuring. We now expect this, combined with other efforts, will result in an annual cash run rate savings in excess of $150 million, up from our prior estimate of $125 million. And we returned $171 million to shareholders this quarter, buying back nearly 2 million shares. Looking ahead, planting is underway in North America and we are encouraged by the projected corn and soybean acreage. Meanwhile, we will continue to deliver our global origination processing and transportation network to deliver products to our customers and returns to our shareholders. As Ruth Ann mentioned, before we take your questions today, Ray will discuss a few important changes regarding some of our accounting and reporting. And now, I will turn the call over to Ray.
Ray G. Young: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 provides some financial highlights for the quarter, which I'll run through briefly. As Pat noted, segment operating profit was a solid $887 million, down from last year's very strong result of $1 billion. Quarterly net earnings were $399 million, down 31% from last year's third quarter.  Looking at our effective income tax rate fourth quarter, we recorded taxes at 29%, resulting in a cumulative rate of 30%. We continue to believe that 30% is a good estimate for the fiscal year. Our earnings per share were $0.60 on a fully diluted basis compared to last year's $0.86. Adjusting for specified items, including LIFO, ADM earned $0.78 per share compared to last year's $0.89 per share.  On Chart 19 in the Appendix, you can see the reconciliation of reported earnings to adjusted earnings for the third quarter of fiscal year '12 to fiscal year '11. In our standard LIFO adjusted, 4-quarter trailing ROIC of 5.6% was below our WACC by 50 basis points. Excluding other specified items, our adjusted ROIC of 6.9% was above our WACC by 80 basis points. Slide 6 provides an operating profit summary and the components of our corporate line. Juan will talk about the business segments results in his update. Let me touch on a few items of significance in the corporate line. I touched upon LIFO earlier, market prices for our LIFO-based inventories rose in the third quarter, resulting in a charge of $107 million compared to a charge of $43 million last year. Our interest expense is lower due to lower interest rates and lower debt levels. Unallocated corporate costs include the $74 million of restructuring charges, mainly related to our global workforce reduction. Excluding this charge, corporate costs are down year-over-year. Turning to the cash flow segment on Slide 7, we generated $1.9 billion in cash from operations before working capital changes in the first 9 months of 2012, compared to $2.2 billion in the same period last year. Working capital was a source of cash to us of about $300 million. This includes approximately $1 billion of cash generated from the sale of trade receivables executed during the quarter. Last year, working capital was a significant use of cash of almost $7 billion.  We made capital investments of $1.2 billion in the first 9 months of 2012. In addition, we spent $239 million in acquisitions of assets. We're on track to spend to our combined target of capital spending and acquisitions of approximately $1.7 billion for this fiscal year. Our net debt decreased by about $100 million during the first 9 months of the year. For the quarter, we returned $171 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. For the first 9 months, we returned $822 million.  In this quarter, we bought back 1.9 million shares, bringing our fiscal year repurchases to 17 million shares. Of the 44 million shares issued in June 2011 related to the equity unit conversion, we have already bought back, to date, 29 million shares. We expect our average shares outstanding for this fiscal year to be approximately 665 million shares. Slide 8 shows the highlights of our balance sheet. Third quarter cash on hand was approximately $1.2 billion. Our operating working capital was about $15 billion, of which $13 billion was inventories. Total debt was about $10 billion, up slightly from the level at the beginning of the quarter. Total shareholders equity stood at about $18.5 billion.  We had $1.2 billion outstanding in commercial paper, and we had available credit capacity of $3.1 billion in U.S. commercial paper and $1.6 billion in other global credit lines. I also want to note that of the $13 billion of inventories, about $9 billion is readily marketable.  We believe this strong balance sheet continues to provide us with financial flexibility to manage our business in volatile markets and continue to invest for a profitable growth. Next, Juan will take us through an operational review for the quarter. Juan?
Juan R. Luciano: Thanks, Ray. Good morning to everyone in the call. Beginning on Slide 9, I will take you through the highlights of each of our business segments; then I will provide our current assessment of market conditions and their implications for ADM. In Oilseeds Processing, our operating profit in the third quarter was $395 million, down $117 million from the same period last year. Last year's third quarter included significant timing gains. Excluding these gains, this year's results were comparable to last year's good results. We also saw sequential improvements in our profits over the course of this fiscal year from an improving margin environment, stronger demand for North American meal and origination opportunities in South America. Crushing and origination operating profit was $271 million. Improved results in North and South America were more than offset by continued weakness in Europe. Tight South American crop supplies led to increased soybean meal exports from North America. And in South America, favorable positioning and increased farmer selling due to higher crop prices and favorable exchange rates led to good grain origination results. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other generated a profit of $75 million for the quarter, down $14 million in weaker biodiesel results from North and South America. Oilseeds results in Asia for the quarter were up $31 million over the prior year's third quarter, principally reflecting ADM's share of the results from our equity investee, Wilmar International Ltd. And as Pat mentioned, this quarter, in oilseeds, we finalized partnership agreements with Wilmar in fertilizer, ocean freight and European tropical oil refining. We are working together with Wilmar to prepare for implementation in tropical oils and fertilizers. And in ocean freight, we're contributing our vessels and expect the venture to be operational in May. Please turn now to Slide 10. As you see, corn processing operating profit was $130 million, a decrease of $74 million from the same period last year. Sweeteners and starches operating profit increased $47 million to $93 million. Export demand for sweeteners remained strong, and average selling prices rose as new sweetener contract came into effect through the quarter.  BioProducts results in the quarter decreased $121 million to $37 million. Ethanol margins remained weak through the quarter amid excess industry production that lessened through the quarter. Results also reflect the $14 million charge related to the closure of ADM's 30 million gallon per year ethanol dry mill at Walhalla, North Dakota. There was also a recovery of $4 million of PHA-related inventories. That's why you see $10 million in restructuring and other exit cost in the bar graph. Turning to Slide 11, you will see a review of our ag services segment. Operating profit was $179 million, up $8 million from the same period a year ago, and consistent with our recent historical quarterly range of $150 million to $200 million. Merchandising and handling earnings were stable. ADM's Black Sea and other international merchandising operations saw good volumes and margins, while North American grain export volumes were down due to low U.S. crop inventories. Earnings from transportation operations rose $7 million. On Slide 12, you can see highlights from our other businesses. In the third quarter, profit from ADM's other businesses was $183 million, up $64 million from the same period one year earlier. Excluding net timing effects, the results in other were comparable to last year's results. In other processing, profits rose $105 million to $201 million. Cocoa results this quarter were impacted by $72 million in mark-to-market net timing gains. The underlying performance in cocoa remained strong, driven by good cocoa press margins. Wheat milling results, including ADM's share of Gruma, were essentially flat. Other financial declined $41 million to a loss of $18 million due to losses at ADM's captive insurance subsidiary related to crop risk and property reserves. Turning to Slide 13, we want to provide some perspective on current market conditions and their implications for ADM. The South American harvest, while smaller than expected, is improving global soybean supplies as it comes onto the market. That is also reducing demand for meal exports from the U.S., pressure in margins and reducing run rates there. Longer term, global protein meal demand continues to grow and improved capacity utilization should strengthen industry margin structure over time. We're managing our regional processing capacity to better align supply and demand. In corn processing, poor ethanol margins led to reduced industry production. This has driven a better balance of supply and demand, which should help industry margins. Strong demand for our corn wheat milling portfolio, led by exports of HFCS, has led to good capacity utilization and we expect to see that continue. While farmers in the U.S. are planting expanded corn and soybean acreage, global supplies of those crops should tighten through the North American harvest. And in wheat, we see an ample global supply. As we move into the summer growing season, ADM will have to carefully manage through the tight supply and commodity price inverse. Now, I will turn the call back to Ray.
Ray G. Young: Thanks, Juan. As you know, we announced in March a realignment of how we manage our businesses. I want to explain how we will be reporting our segments going forward to line up with how we're managing our businesses. Going forward, we will report cocoa results as part of a new category in Oilseeds called Cocoa & Others. This category will include our cocoa processing results, as well as the results from our Peanut business and our Cellulose business. In ag services, we will have a new category called Milling & Other. This category will include the results of our Milling businesses, as well as the results from Alliance Nutrition, Edible Beans and our investment in Gruma.  Our Other reporting segment will continue to include the results of ADM Investor Services in our captive insurance operations. Also starting in the fourth quarter, we will move working capital interest expenses from the business segments to the corporate line. Currently, this interest expense is spread among the business units and corporate. This approach is consistent with many other companies. This will effectively move about $20 million to $30 million of interest expense per quarter from the segment operating profit to the corporate expense line. Lastly, I want to highlight an important change we plan to make relating to fiscal year reporting. As you know, we currently have a June 30 fiscal year end. This was largely driven by the U.S. crop year. As we have become a more global company, the U.S. crop year has less relevance to our financial cycle, and we have a lot more reporting on a statutory basis and tax basis that is tied to the calendar year. Also, many of our business contracts are tied to the calendar year.  Therefore, to streamline our internal processes and eliminate redundancy and waste, we plan to move to a calendar year fiscal year starting on January 1, 2013. This means that we will have a stub fiscal year from July 1, 2012, to December 31, 2012. This planned change was approved by our audit committee yesterday, and is subject to final approval by our board at its meeting on May 3. Now let me turn it over to Pat.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Ray and Juan, and before we take your questions, let me just recap. We had a very good quarter. We saw the value of our diverse global footprint; we remain focused on shareholder value; we expect upwards of $150 million in ongoing savings from our reorganization efforts; and we continue to buy back shares. And as Ray mentioned, we've had some changes in our accounting and reporting. So Craig will now join Juan, Ray and me for the Q&A. Kristy, could you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just 2 questions. One is, can you talk about the implications of the smaller South American crop on how the trade flow will be out of the U.S. over the next 6 to 12 months, the crush margin outlook for North America and how will it also affect South America?
Juan R. Luciano: Sure, Ken. Yes. This is Juan. What we see this year with the tighter South American crop is that Argentina is the largest exporter of meal. We see the supply from South America being, maybe, 15% smaller. So certainly we have seen a little bit of that -- those supplies push to the U.S., so we've been exporting a little bit more. That's why you see probably we had a little bit better margin than we expected in oilseeds. And we see in that window that traditionally now supplies shift to South America, maybe extending a little bit to the U.S. and also maybe shrinking a little bit over the summer. So we're seeing that as a positive. There may be some implications also from some of the other products in our portfolio, like cotton seeds or other of our oilseed products as people look for alternative to soybean meal. So that's what we see overall. Although it's early, we can see that already in March and April, Ken.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And my second question is on the high-fructose corn syrups side of your business. The hedging, I'm assuming any sort of repercussions from last year are all done. So I'm assuming this is the final quarter that there's any sort of negative mark-to-market or anything going on. So next quarter should be the full economic results of the business.
Juan R. Luciano: That's correct, Ken. Yes.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And how much was the implication this current quarter?
Ray G. Young: It's actually minimal, Ken, on this quarter in our results for this third quarter. As Juan indicated, the contracts rolled in over the course of the third quarter. And so effectively, the residual impact of all the hedging we've done last year, its basically washed through.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So this is actually the right run rate then in the current quarter?
Juan R. Luciano: I would say, Ken, during this quarter, we were still implementing the price increases. Some of our contracts were -- have implementations based on maybe February or late February. So I will say probably next quarter will be a true reflection of the new contract being implemented with the new prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So wanted to just talk about E15 a little bit, Pat. And we've seen -- I don't know, there's been press articles out there recently talking about how Toyota has gas caps that they started to put on. I think last year that says it's got a big x mark through E15 and E85 on the bulk of their vehicles. And Ford publicly states that it doesn't support E15 in its legacy vehicles. What do you make of this resistance from the automakers in the adoption of E15? So that's kind of the first question on ethanol.
Patricia A. Woertz: Juan's becoming our E15 expert here so I'm going to let him remark on that.
Juan R. Luciano: David, listen, this -- I think first of all, the implementation of E15 is certainly important for us in the long term. I don't think we should see a lot of that being impacting our numbers in this calendar year. And I've been through implementations of these things in different countries. I remember I landed in Brazil when they were talking to ethanol flex fuels and all that. And you always hear all kind of concerns at the beginning. But at the end of the day, economic rationale prevails. At this point in time, with all the governments having so much budgetary issues, you have ethanol having $1 advantage over gasoline. I think it's something that implementation will happen. I think all the stakeholders in all these wants to make sure that all the Is are dotted and the Ts are crossed before they launch into these. So we're working with all the constituents through our associations to make sure everybodys comfortable. But I think that people are bringing up issues and we try to bring some science and solve those issues to give comfort to the people. So it's a long process. But I think if you look from our previous call into this call, we made a steady progress and steps continue to be completed. So we feel that -- we continue to feel that you're going to see some E15 on gas stations probably by the summer. And probably you will see maybe a little bit more of a financial impact in the industry and our business probably in 2013.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just a follow-up on ethanol. So margins, just by our calculations, continue to remain very weak. I noticed here you guys have closed a small dry mill. Do you see significant capacity closures going on this time? Can you frame up what you have been seeing industry-wide in U.S. ethanol?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, David. We probably saw -- as you pointed out, we shut down a small plant, mostly because we want to continue to improve our competitive position. We don't think it's going to make a big dent into the industry. It was probably 1.5% of our own capacity. But I think, from an industry perspective, we've seen like probably 14, 15 plants coming down. Part of that is the maintenance, the schedule that they are in. But part of that is we believe that these plants will have difficulties getting their hands on corn for the next couple months. I think people tend to have maybe 30 days of coverage, so we expect some time in May people start running out of that. So we expect that cycle to perform like last year, in which we see this decline in margins, people having difficulty getting to old crop corn and then shut down capacity and supply and demand matches, and then we see the expansion in margins. We haven't seen that yet, to be honest. So we will see probably that later in this quarter, full effect probably next quarter.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So June quarters still tough; the quarter after that maybe partially tough but improving?
Juan R. Luciano: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a question on the cost savings. For the $150 million for the global workforce reduction, did you realize any this quarter or does it start really in the June quarter now?
Ray G. Young: Yes, Christina. Yes, basically, we implement it over the course of this third quarter. So we'll start really seeing the benefits flow through in the fourth quarter. We won't see the full benefits until, really, March 31, 2013, because some of the reductions and retirements will occur over the course of this particular period.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But it will help the June quarter somewhat?
Ray G. Young: Yes. That's correct.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then I think there was some confusion on the Analyst Day. With the Wilmar joint venture, I think the savings were $30 million to $40 million per year. And I wasn't -- we weren't sure if that was ADM share or the total share? And then with that, when will we start to see that?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, Christina, this is Juan. That's probably the ADM share that we described of those savings. And that probably will happen -- that will be a run rate probably in a couple of quarters. We're still in the process of filing our approvals on all that. So we have signed with them and some parts like ocean freight has started because we have started some elements of the optimization in fertilizers, but the big chunk of it will probably take 30 to 60 days to be implemented.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then for BioProducts in the quarter, it was better than I expected. And I'm just curious, did you make money in ethanol in the quarter or was that the lysine and other immunoacids that made up for a weak ethanol?
Juan R. Luciano: I think, Christina, ethanol margins were tough, but we always talk about the strength of our cost position and we being better than the industry, our integration. And I think the strength of our wet milling portfolio, don't forget we have also some feed specialties, some food specialties there, we have a good quarter on lysine. So all that contributes.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, just building on Ken Zaslow's. And when you talk about -- if we think about the fall and we don't have a South American tail to compete with, so you would think U.S. crush margins would improve. But given the price of soybean meal, do you think it's pricing itself out of rations? I mean how do you look at soybean meal demand even as we head into new harvest?
Juan R. Luciano: During the quarter, we actually saw good demand both for exports and domestic. I think as we saw it later in the quarter, with soybeans rally against corn, we saw a little bit of the opposite what you are describing. So we're constantly looking at these transitions, if you will. But at this point in time into the Q4, we're still seeing probably better demand for North America than we will expect for this time of the year. So the seasonality seems a little bit better for us this year than last year, probably reflecting the weakness in South America.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. One is you mentioned that you will be eliminating some redundancies by shifting to a calendar year. Can you help us quantify what those savings are and are they already in your $150 million corporate savings target? And then secondly, Europe, you mentioned Europe was weak. You just had an Analyst Day in Europe. Can you give us a sense of what needs to change in Europe in order for conditions to get better? And actually I have a follow-up on ethanol if I could.
Ray G. Young: Rob, it's Ray. For the purposes of your modeling, you can assume that some of the cost savings are already in our run rate that we provided to you. Frankly speaking, there's a lot of intangible benefits of improving processes that are not quantifiable. And then, frankly, as we implement this, we'll see other benefits flow through. But I think for your purposes of your modeling, I think it's safe just to use the run rate savings that we provided to you.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Europe?
Juan R. Luciano: I will take Europe, Rob, this is Juan. Margins continues to be under pressure in Europe as oil values remain depressed. Basically, biodiesel demand has been very low during the quarter, mostly due to extremely cold temperatures that we experience. So as result of this, the market continues to work through the oil inventories. So we expecting we're going to the fourth quarter, we're taking several measures. We're taking some of our -- we adjust some of our capacity. We have shifted part of our capacity from rapes to soy as we see soy margins, crushing margins a little bit better, since there is a smaller crop in South America offering some support there. Obviously, we can only do this for a part of our operations. And also, diesel demand is expected to rebound on weather improvement and probably increase tourism this time of the year. So we expect some improvement in margins still being tough. You know that the rapeseed crop there is at a 6-year low, if you will. So we're going to continue to see pressure in rapes -- in getting rapeseed seeds. But as I said from a market perspective, we expect a slight improvement.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just a follow-up. I was talking to an industry participant in U.S. ethanol, and he said that his outlook for exports is a lot higher because of the values here, the corn ethanol values have come down so much and it's now more economical. Can you tell us what your outlook is for exports to Brazil and other countries?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We've been working, obviously, since last year on developing export programs. And they take a while; obviously, you need some qualifications and all that. We haven't seen the uptick that we wanted so far. We are still hopeful that they will improve, but we haven't seen that yet. The economic incentive is there, certainly, but there seems to be needing a little bit more than just the economic incentive for this to happen right now.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Juan, do you think total industries will be flat versus Europe or do you think it will be down a little bit?
Juan R. Luciano: I think the view is about 800 million gallons, something in that range for the year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: For this year. So down versus a year ago.
Juan R. Luciano: A little bit down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to get some help on the quantification of your positions in the quarter. You noted sort of a benefit in your origination in the oilseeds. And then just a little bit of clarity on the cocoa because I know in those last couple of quarters, you've had obviously a big negative mark-to-market. You regained some of that in the third quarter. I think there's probably still a little bit more to go in the fourth quarter. But if you could just help me kind on where you are position-wise, obviously without giving out your book but just kind of how it impacted your third quarter within grains, origination, within the oilseeds and then also the cocoa, that would be helpful.
Ray G. Young: Diane, it's Ray here. We did indicate that we did have some positioning, positive positioning benefits in our results. If you recall in Hamburg when we met, we provided some level of indication where we were in the quarter. As it turned out, March ended up stronger than we had thought when we met in Hamburg. And part of it is due to the fact that in South America origination, good volumes and actually some good positioning down there. We had some good positioning in North American softseeds as well. And with respect to cocoa in terms of the mark-to-market timing effect. If you recall in the last quarterly call, we indicated there was about $100 million of negative -- accumulated negative mark-to-market that would unwind over the course of the future. The net timing affect that we identified in this quarter was approximately $70 million. So if you do the mathematics, then there's still about $30 million of cumulative negative mark-to-market impacts that will unwind in the future. And again, it's going to unwind in the future, the timing to be determined, Diane.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Sure. Well it seems to me that you had been working to restructure something within that operation, the accounting around it so that it wouldn't be as volatile in the future. So I guess my question is if you think you can get it wrapped up in the fourth quarter here as we move into your next fiscal year, which I appreciate will now be a stub year, but can we expect that business line to be a little less volatile or do you have the same sort of issues going forward just is in terms of the volatility?
Ray G. Young: I guess we've made a lot of progress in terms of dampening a lot of these accounting impacts over the past year, whether it be the oilseeds timing effect, I think we've mitigated that. We've mitigated somewhat the corn hedging as well by using a lot more hedge accounting there. The last piece, frankly speaking, is this cocoa mark-to-market timing effect. And I think we're positively encouraged that come the first quarter of the next fiscal year, that we will be able to mitigate that as well. And we're still working on that, we're finalizing it. But Diane, hopefully, as we start off the new fiscal year, you won't hear me talk about mark-to-market timing effects as much or at all in terms of our future results.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I wanted to ask you about global meal demand. I think you've had some positive comments here, but could you talk about, in particular, Asia and then sort of what you're seeing with the North American industry, which has been sort of in caught mode now for some time. Are you starting to see some movement towards any expansion there?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, Diane. This is Juan. Asia, we've seen China continue to have this appetite for more meal. I think imports have been up like 20% this calendar year versus last calendar year. And we've seen, as I said in my remarks, in North America, expanded demand both in exports and we've been exporting to several countries, Philippines, Poland, several countries in the first quarter of this calendar year, and also domestic demand. So I think overall, was a very good quarter from a demand perspective. And so we continue to see the global trend of 3% to 4%, whatever you want to call it. But were seeing that impacting North America this time.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess just to the extent that we've seen a shift in the acreage base from soy into corn this year, are you concerned at all about sort of supplies in the fall on the soybean side?
Craig E. Huss: This is Craig, I'll take that. I think obviously...
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Its a long way to go. I appreciate that.
Craig E. Huss: Yes. We've got up to 96 million acres of corn coming. We have obviously changed the corn ratio dramatically over the last few months, and I think that you'll see some leakage to beans there. And we're 2 or 3 weeks ahead on our wheat crop. That's also dependent on how dry we are going into wheat harvest. But we could see another potentially million acres of beans come back to us there. But, yes, we're very concerned about it. But we also -- when you get to dislocations, it provides opportunities.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Well, maybe it's more of a philosophical question. Would you rather have the acreage in corn because that benefits your Corn Processing division or would you rather have acreage in soy so that you can keep your plants at some optimal level of processing?
Craig E. Huss: I think we'd prefer margins.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: However you get them.
Patricia A. Woertz: Yes.
Craig E. Huss: It doesn't matter what we prefer, actually. We just got to deal with what we get. But at this point we have a very big corn number and we'll see -- we're going to see some leakage from that into beans and we'll also see some additional acres come into the beans from double cropping. They won't know that until they get the wheat out of the field.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann of Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple questions on, first, on China. I understand you're not necessarily as close to this market as some of your other businesses. But are you hearing anything related to price controls on vegetable oil or specifically, soybean oil in that market and is that having any bearing on industry dynamics there?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We've seen what happened before when there were some price controls. Obviously, crushing margins were reduced. Then crushing margins lately has been expanding on relatively stable soybean prices, and the deliveralization of price controls on oils. Now we hear again about price controls. So we expect that will have an impact in margins, potentially shrinking them again, yes.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Are there spillover effects? Obviously, the crushers in China would get hurt, but in terms of just Chinese demand for soybeans and just generally global trade flows, that would also be impacted.
Juan R. Luciano: I think China has always been very hungry for beans and it's also very hungry for corn. I think they're also very strategic buyers. So I think, potentially, it could hurt the demand for beans, yes, if they are not making any money in the crushing until that corrects itself, yes.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just to follow-up on Rob's question on ethanol exports. Clearly, the economic incentives are there. So in your opinion, what are the other obstacles to exporting more ethanol?
Juan R. Luciano: Well, I think the big customer in all this is Brazil. And Brazil had adjusted, obviously. They are blending rates back to 20% and now they're thinking whether to do it in 21% or 25%. I think they are dealing with their whole supply-demand issues in the sugar industry. And so I don't know exactly why they haven't opened the doors to really advantages, ethanol imports. But we're working together with our team in Brazil and certainly with -- commercially with Petrobras and all that. So we're making the product available and hopefully that will turn out soon.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So you're not optimistic that you could expand ethanol exports to other countries outside of Brazil?
Juan R. Luciano: Well, we've been working. We've been working in Japan and several other countries where we'd send samples and we are approval process Canada, too. So there is, I mean, obviously, with the dollar under gasoline, there is a lot of activity and a lot of interest. It just haven't materialized yet in sales. But certainly our teams are working on that.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Got you. And then lastly, another announcement about some industry consolidation close to your home turf. Do you have any thoughts on whether we're at the front of some sort of broader consolidation activity or if there's any implication from some of the combinations we've seen of late?
Patricia A. Woertz: Well, I think, in general, we could say that the industry is always active. And depending on what part of the region or what part of the world you look at, we're obviously looking ourselves. And things that would make sense for us strategically and meet our hurdle rates, et cetera, we look at. So broadly speaking, I think the world continues to get -- obviously, has a need for our products, needs for more food, more energy and companies look at the opportunities to do that more broadly and on a global scale.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts of Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I have a question about just whether low grain inventories are good or bad or indifferent for you. So obviously, soybeans benefited, but corn origination in the merchandising segment was hurt by low grain inventories. So I guess can you help us think about that? I guess as long as things are lower somewhere else, that's okay for you like what happened in soybeans. So U.S. is low but Latin America was even lower in terms of inventories?
Patricia A. Woertz: I think there are 2 different things to look at. One, low inventory and what it does to the margin environment. And as we see a dislocation in Argentina, we think it brings value to us. When you bring it back to the states, where we have a great deal of storage, you will look at a different thing, and that is what is -- if we have large crops and big carries, it's a tool. It's a moneymaking tool for us. So we obviously look at, for example, the big corn crop as an opportunity going forward to bring returns. The tight soybeans that we look forward to next year, we hope will bring margins. But again, it takes away from that ability to store. So it's both sides, the margins and then the storage that we have and the ability to get returns from carries in the market.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. Secondly, Ray, the weighted average return on capital continued to drift down. It was actually underneath the cost of capital in the current quarter. With the recent shift to short-term capital spending projects that have quick paybacks, is that -- we're going to start to see that slip here in the next quarter?
Ray G. Young: Yes. I mean I think there's been a lot of focus on our capital returns. I think that when you take a look at our spread over WACC I mean that's -- again, a 4-quarter trailing average number. Again, the reported number, if you recall also includes the restructuring charges. So therefore we look at the adjusted number in order to exclude the restructuring charges. So that's still above WACC. But I agree. We've seen some compression in terms of that particular spread. I think it's fair to say that we've got good capital discipline. I think Juan has talked a lot about that. And we're confident that if we execute the way we want to execute, that will get this spread back up to our long-term target of 200 basis points.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: We were positively surprised by your results in oilseeds, crushing and origination. And I'm just curious how that compared versus your internal expectations. And then also are there any other capacity factors coming out of that business?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes, Ann. This is Juan. I will say, probably, March was a little bit better than we expected. By the time we normally go to March, we forecast that there is a shift to South American supply. And probably this year, demand remains stronger for the U.S. As I said, mostly in export, that was the biggest, probably, surprise. And then also, we seen in March the fact that with the real and the dollar relationship, the farmers in Brazil were much more willing sellers. And I think that, that increased obviously grain sales in Brazil. So our origination which is reporting under oilseeds in Brazil had probably had a better March than we were expecting, too.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then anymore capacity coming out that you've heard of in North America, I should say?
Juan R. Luciano: No. Actually, at the moment, everybody's running pretty happy.
Ann H. Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then can you just refresh me where you are with global asset review. Are you pretty much done with that intense review or where we are we in that process?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We're always reviewing. But I will say the bulk of it, we've done it already.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just in terms of your comments on corn supplies possibly affecting ethanol volumes. Have you seen any impact from corn quality issues on overall availability of corn or basis levels in general? Maybe you can comment on the possible impact of that.
Craig E. Huss: Christine, this is Craig. No, I don't think quality has come into the picture yet. There's a dislocation this year that is, as the crop is more in the West and in the Northwest. And we think some of the Eastern plants may have some issues and some of the destination plants could have some issues. But there's a degree of corn ownership, as Juan mentioned earlier, probably 30 days. And from that point, as you read the basis levels are very high. And as we invert these markets, it makes it very difficult. And then when you get any kind of flat price breaks, we see export demand come in, and that tends to give more competition for those Eastern and Central plants, as they draw the same corn that the ethanol plants are trying to purchase.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. That make sense. And then just in terms of soy, if you look at balance sheet there, I suspect that things are going to get awfully tight there. I'm wondering could you see a similar slowdown on the crushing side or is that already baked in?
Craig E. Huss: Well, again, it's what type of ownership we have and the industry owns. And there's some ownership out there, but it's going to be difficult to buy beans going forward. And we will see a reduction in exports as South America will rationalize what they have and well go forward. But we're surprised that we've gone 45 to 60 days further than we thought we would and continue to see demand going forward, as South America will figure they may carry their beans longer and if there's a carry in the market. So it's just an ongoing process and the fact what the margin environment is going forward.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And just tied to that in terms of -- you commented briefly I guess on the oil demand in Europe. As we look at the meal demand in Europe and obviously, things are a little stronger maybe here and in Asia. But in Europe, it seems like with this animal -- shift in animal health policies and a move way from crates, you could see a pretty significant reduction in overall animal numbers there. I'm just curious if you expect that to shift either export demand into Europe or their European crushing in general?
Juan R. Luciano: No, Christina...
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: This the ban on the crates and the pretty significant shift in hog numbers that we're seeing.
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. But we haven't seen that yet. But yes, it's something that we are analyzing as a potential scenario that can impact us, but we haven't seen it yet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz of Topeka Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Quick question. You guys mentioned strength in North American meal demand. I'm not sure how much it could be, but can you comment, what do you think the demand increase was attributable to the DDG declines due to reduced crush?
Juan R. Luciano: I think, Ian, for us, domestic meal demand basically increases as higher corn prices supported meal inclusion in the formulation. So part is DDGs are obviously not growing anymore from year to year, so they are flat. But also when corn rally, I mean, all these meals make it into the rations. So we saw little bit of that combination. Remember, we have a team here that looks at feed from all the different angles. So we constantly are looking at what is the best thing to position based on our margins and our availability.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I know it's a little early in the year and we're all trying to look out a little bit, but can you talk a little bit about your thoughts on 2013 with ethanol policy? It seems like with current gasoline demand, and who knows where it's going to be in 2013, and an E10 -- overall, an E10 kind of market, I know that there's a potential for some marginally 15. How do you achieve the 13.8 billion gallons of consumption for obligated parties?
Juan R. Luciano: Well, obviously, I mean this is a combination, Ian, of factors. Difficult to know where the driving months are going to be. But if we look at the forecast, they are stable or declining. So we're working hard on both things and E15 implementation and certainly developing export markets that I explained before. That's why our commercial team is working. The mandate is obviously expanding to 13.8. So on capacity, when everything runs, is something we've proven it's like 14.7. So what we need to get is that extra billion gallon, if you will, of exports or E15 combination. And then that's probably going to do it for us.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But that's in terms of capacity utilization. But in terms of meeting the -- it seems like meeting the RFS obligation could pose quite a challenge for domestic-obligated parties. Do you seem to disagree, Juan?
Juan R. Luciano: Say it again?
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I mean, I understand exports will help in the utilization rates of the plants, but in terms of actually meeting domestic obligations for the RFS...
Juan R. Luciano: You're talking about the blend grow basically.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Correct.
Juan R. Luciano: And that's what we said, Ian, we need both the export and E15 to get there.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: But exports don't allow you to satisfy internal domestic...
Juan R. Luciano: I'm just saying for us to get to profitability, we need E15 to clear the blend wall or we need bigger exports so we can run at capacity, yes.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And Juan, would you expect to see E15 at a measurable volume by 2013?
Juan R. Luciano: Yes. We think so. We think this year will be, as I said, not very relevant. It will be an introduction. But I think by next year, yes. If this benefit continues to be there, I think we will see an accelerated implementation. It will make sense.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference over to Pat Woertz for closing remarks.
Patricia A. Woertz: Excellent. Well, thank you for joining us today. As always, feel free to follow-up with Ruth Ann if you have any other questions. We do have a list on Slide 16 of our upcoming webcast events. May 15, the BMO 2010 Farm to Market Conference, and June 15, the Paris Deutsche Bank Global Consumer Conference. Thanks very much for your time and interest, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-01-30 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President, Investor Relations for Archer Daniels Midland Company. Mr. Dwight Grimestad, you may begin. 
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Christie. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. And the replay will also be available at that address.
 For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results.
 Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events.
 Now please turn to Slide 3. On today's call, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz, will provide an overview of the quarter. Our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ray Young, will review financial highlights and corporate results; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Juan Luciano, will review our operations and outlook. Craig Huss, our Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, will join Pat, Ray and Juan during the question-and-answer portion of the call.
 Now please turn to Slide 4, and I'll turn the call over to Pat. 
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. This morning, we reported second quarter net earnings of $80 million or $0.12 per share on a fully diluted basis. Our adjusted EPS was $0.51 and that would exclude LIFO and the impairment charges we took this quarter related to our Bioplastics business. Segment operating profit when excluding the impact of the impairment charges was $648 million.
 It was a tough quarter, particularly for comparisons. Last year's segment operating profit was a record. And this quarter, we took our asset impairment charges on PHA. And the operating environment was challenging. Ongoing weakness in global oilseeds margins, lower results in corn and poor international merchandising results hurt our second quarter profits.
 We remain optimistic about the long-term fundamentals of our business and the growing earnings power of our company. We continue to execute our plan to drive shareholder value. We are prioritizing capital projects, and we have adjusted our combined CapEx and M&A projections from $2 billion to $1.7 billion for this fiscal year. We are driving productivity. Our savings from these efforts should exceed $100 million when they are fully implemented. And we are returning capital to shareholders through dividend increases and share buybacks. This quarter, we returned over $300 million in capital to our shareholders.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Ray. 
Ray Young: Thanks, Pat. Slide 5 provides some financial highlights for the quarter, which I'll run through briefly. As Pat noted, segment operating profit, excluding the PHA charge, was $648 million, down from the record quarterly $1.4 billion level a year ago. Quarterly net earnings, including the charges, were $80 million, down 89% from last year's second quarter.
 Looking at our effective income tax rate for the quarter, we recorded taxes at 31% to bring our 6-month rate to 30%. We continued to analyze our forecast geographic mix of earnings. But for the purposes of estimating our effective tax rate for the 2012 fiscal year, we still believe a 30% rate is a good number, inclusive of the impact of the PHA charge.
 Our earnings per share were $0.12 on a fully diluted basis compared to last year's $1.14. We recorded a LIFO charge of $59 million pretax or approximately $0.06 per share compared to a $0.25 charge in the same period last year. Adjusting for specified items, including LIFO and the PHA impairment charges, ADM earned $0.51 per share compared to last year's $1.20 per share. On Chart 19 in the appendix, you can see the reconciliation of reported earnings to adjusted earnings.
 We also had some significant negative mark-to-market timing effects in the Other segment, which impacted our overall results by $127 million pretax or about $0.13 per share. Our 4-quarter trailing return on invested capital of 6% including the impact of the charge was below our WACC by 30 basis points. If we excluded the impact of the charge, our 4-quarter trailing ROIC would be about 7%.
 Slide 6 provides an operating profit summary in the components of our corporate line. Juan will talk about the business segment results in his update. Let me touch on a few items of significance in the corporate line. I talked about LIFO earlier. Market prices for our LIFO-based inventories rose in the second quarter, resulting in a charge of $59 million compared to a charge of $254 million last year. Our interest expense is lower due to lower interest rates and lower debt levels. Unallocated corporate costs are slightly higher due to labor costs and outside services. Last year's results had the positive impact of gains on interest rate swaps related to the debt remarketing.
 Turning to the cash flow statement on Slide 7. We generated $1.4 billion in cash from operations before working capital changes in the first 6 months of 2012. Working capital was a source of cash to us of $1.6 billion, as commodity prices have fallen this fiscal year versus last year's first half when there was a large use of cash.
 We made capital investments of $852 million in the first 6 months of 2012. In addition, we spent $206 million in acquisitions of assets. Our net debt decreased $1.2 billion in the first half of the year. For the quarter, we returned $304 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. For the first 6 months, we returned $651 million to shareholders.
 In this quarter, we bought back 6.5 million shares, bringing our fiscal year repurchases to 15 million shares. Of the 44 million shares issue related to the equity units, we have bought back to date about 27 million shares.
 Slide 8 shows the highlights of our balance sheet. Second quarter cash on hand was approximately $1.5 billion. Total debt was $9.2 billion, down slightly from the level at the beginning of the quarter. We had $130 million outstanding in commercial paper, and then we had available credit capacity of $4.5 billion in U.S. commercial paper and the $1.7 billion in other global credit lines, including our accounts receivable securitizations facility.
 I also want to note that of the $12.4 billion of inventories, about $8 billion is readily marketable. We believe this strong balance sheet provides us with the financial flexibility to manage our business in volatile markets and continue to invest for profitable growth.
 Next, Juan will take us through an operational review for the quarter. Juan? 
Juan Luciano: Thanks, Ray. Good morning to everyone on the call. Beginning on Slide 9, I will take you through the highlights of each of our business segments, and then update you on our CapEx plan. I will conclude with our current assessment of market conditions and their implications for ADM.
 In Oilseeds Processing, our operating profit in the second quarter was $253 million, down $72 million from the same period last year. While margin conditions in our Oilseeds segment were generally weak, the diversity of our global Oilseeds business mitigated some of these pressures.
 Crushing and origination operating profit fell $61 million to $139 million. Continued weakness in global oilseeds crushing margins, particularly in Europe, reduced overall results. In response to this, we continue to take actions reducing crushing rates at European rapeseed-only plants and at European swing plants, moving some capacity from rapeseed to soybeans. Last year's second quarter reflected the $71 million pretax gain related to the acquisition of the controlling interest in Golden Peanut. In addition, last year's results included significant negative mark-to-market timing effect, which were not repeated this year.
 Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other generated a profit of $74 million for the quarter, which was essentially flat from last year. Oilseeds results in Asia for the quarter were in line with last year, principally reflecting ADM's share of the results from equity investee, Wilmar International Ltd.
 This quarter in Oilseeds, we continue to grow our international footprint. We completed the acquisition of Polish rapeseed crushing, refining, packaging and biodiesel business, Elstar Oils S.A. Our integration efforts are underway, and we're very satisfied with the assets and the team. We began a project to diversify and increased quality and efficiency at our Olomouc, Czech Republic sunflower seeds crushing and refining facility. And we announced plans to construct a biodiesel plant adjacent to ADM's existing canola crushing facility in Lloydminster, Canada.
 Please turn to Slide #10. As you see, Corn Processing operating results in the second quarter showed the loss of $133 million, a decrease of $532 million from the same period one year earlier. The loss primarily reflected $339 million asset impairment charges related to the PHA renewable plastic production facility at Clinton, Iowa. Excluding the PHA impairment charges, Corn Processing operating profit of $206 million represented a $193 million decline from last year.
 Overall, net corn costs were up, in part reflecting the economic hedging benefits that were recognized in the prior year and that we previously discussed. Sweeteners and starches operating profit decreased $46 million to $73 million, as 36% higher net corn costs more than offset higher average selling prices and sales volumes. Export demand for sweeteners remains strong.
 BioProducts results in the quarter decreased $486 million to a loss of $206 million, including the negative impact of the PHA impairment charge.
 In December, ethanol margins declined as additional industry capacity came online due to attractive margins seen at the beginning of the quarter and as export demand declined.
 Let me comment on our decision to terminate our joint venture in PHA earlier this month. The uncertainty around projected capital and production costs, combined with the rate of market adoption, led to projected financial returns for ADM that were insufficient. We're evaluating other commercially viable options for the fermentation assets at Clinton.
 We continue to look to optimize our corn business portfolio. We are pleased that our 2 new dry mills in Columbus and Cedar Rapids were able to produce at above nameplate capacities in each month of the quarter. These facilities are very cost efficient and are strategically located near very productive corn acreage. And we're currently undertaking a strategic review of our Brazil ethanol operation.
 We have also completed negotiating sweetener contracts for calendar year 2012. We achieved a price increase in the low-double digits. We expect improved margins for the calendar year.
 Let's turn to Slide 11. You will see a review of our Agricultural Services segment. Operating profit was $158 million, down $268 million from the very strong period one year earlier, when we were well positioned to meet the strong global demand, shipped record U.S. export volumes, and as a result, earned $426 million. The current quarter's result is consistent with the historic quarterly range of $150 million to $200 million that we have talked about in the past.
 Merchandising and handling earnings decreased from last year's very strong results on poor international merchandising results and reduced U.S. grain exports. Earnings from transportation operations were steady despite lower U.S. grain export volumes.
 On Slide 12, you can see highlights from our other businesses. In the second quarter, profit from ADM's other business units was $31 million, down $181 million from the same period one year earlier. In other processing, profits fell $150 million to $10 million. Results in the segments were impacted by $127 million in mark-to-market net timing losses in cocoa, which caused approximately a $0.13 per share hit to our quarterly results. Last year's results reflected the $23 million in net timing gains.
 Excluding the impact of these timing effects, the results in other processing were basically comparable to last year's strong results. The underlying performance in cocoa remained strong, driven by cocoa powder demand. Wheat milling results remained steady.
 Looking forward, it is difficult to estimate the impact of timing effects on our cocoa results. We have build up about $100 million of timing losses, which will eventually reverse.
 In other financial, we saw a decline of $31 million to $21 million with improvements in ADM Investor Services, offset by a decline in our captive insurance operation. As we continue to optimize our asset base in these businesses, we began the permanent closure of our sorghum mill in Plainview, Texas. We will consolidate that production into our North City, Kansas mill.
 Turning to Slide 13. Halfway through our fiscal year, we have invested about $850 million in CapEx, and we've spent about $200 million in acquisitions, with Elstar Oils of Poland being our major acquisition so far this year. We continue to target approximately half of our growth capital investment outside the U.S. And a significant portion of our U.S. investments will be to serve export markets.
 As part of our financial discipline, we have adjusted our CapEx and M&A projection. We are looking to invest about $1.4 billion in CapEx and about $300 million in acquisitions. This total spend of about $1.7 billion is 15% lower than our prior $2 billion estimate.
 Turning to Slide 14. We want to provide some perspective on current market conditions and their implications for ADM. Oilseed crush margins, while improved, remained weak and we expect continued challenges in regional margin environments. Longer-term, our global protein meal demand continues to grow, led by emerging economies. Improved capacity utilization should strengthen industry margin structure over time. We are managing our regional processing capacity to better align supply and demand.
 In Corn Processing, we expect poor spot ethanol margins to continue until supply and demand are rebalanced. We are seeing a strong demand for our corn wet milling portfolio, which we expect to continue. With continued growth in industry export of high fructose corn syrup and with our calendar year 2012 contracting completed, we expect improved HFCS margins.
 The South America harvest is beginning. While it will be big, it is forecast to be smaller than last year's record harvest. This should maintain the current adequate global soybean supply. And in wheat, we see an ample global supply. While we don't foresee significant crop dislocations, we're monitoring the harvest in South America and crop conditions in the Black Sea region. Crops in distress in those regions could present opportunities for increased U.S. exports. And as always, ADM will use our global origination and transportation network to help serve growing global demand.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Pat. 
Patricia Woertz: Thanks, Juan. And before we open the line and take your questions, let me just recap. Tough quarter, challenging environment, operating profits were down across the board, particularly against the record year comparison. The PHA impairment and the cocoa mark-to-market significantly impacted our results. We continue to take actions to drive our long-term performance. We remain focused on shareholder value. We increased the dividend in November. We continue to buy back shares.
 So with that, Craig will join Juan, Ray and me for the Q&A. And Christie, if you could open the lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: Let me just ask a couple of quick questions. Pat, on the last call, you made some comments about sort of what you thought the trajectory of ethanol was post the tax credit. And so we're a month after the tax credit and production hasn't given up at all, but margins are sort of bouncing around slightly above breakeven. And there was a comment, I believe, in the release about export weakness,, and exports were a big story in 2011. So could you just give us sort of a sense of where that market stands on the demand side and what your expectations are for exports this year? 
Juan Luciano: Vincent, this is Juan. I will address the question. Remember, I told you in the last call that we were going to see a shrinking in the margins as we were going through all these changes. Obviously, exports were very good at the end of the quarter. And at this point in time, with those great margins that we have by Thanksgiving, I would say, we saw a lot of capacity coming into the market. Also, you understand that with these weather conditions, everybody can't produce at very, very high rates. So we have the industry producing at about, at the end of the year, at about 14.7% type of rate. And then we saw, after the end of the year -- normally, January is our low-mileage season for the U.S. with the winter, so we saw a decline in gasoline consumption. But we also saw the impact in exports of Brazilian reducing their mandate from 25% to 20%. So as we go into the year, we saw margins declined significantly in December although, as I told you -- I have anticipated that to you, we didn't see the magnitude and the speed at which it turned from Thanksgiving onwards. And so today, we have the situation in which probably some capacity had came out already in the last couple of weeks, so we may be producing at around 14.5%, 14.4% in the industry but we have a demand of about 12.2%. Even despite the 13.2% mandate, we have about 12.2% of current demand. And the exports are starting to pick up, but they are still reduced. And probably at this year, we are seeing something about 500 million gallons per year. That's our estimate at this point. 
Vincent Andrews: Okay. So just to be clear, you've got 12.2% of current demand, you mean for the full year of calendar... 
Juan Luciano: These are current rates... 
Vincent Andrews: Current rates. Okay, fine. 
Juan Luciano: Under the same, since driving mileage are low, that's kind of the demand. 
Vincent Andrews: Okay. I got you. That's your run rate now, will improve seasonally and then as exports come back and obviously we'll meet the mandate and so forth. Can I ask you, I read this morning that Russia is considering an export duty on grains. And if you put that in concert with what's happening with the South American crop, how would that change sort of the fundamentals in ag services potentially? 
Craig Huss: This is Craig. I read several releases this morning and basically, one minister says yes and one minister says no, and it comes down to politics. But we do see some seasonal issues, whether they be weather -- dry weather in Argentina or wet weather getting the harvest started in Brazil. We do have, obviously, some potential winter kill in the Soviet Union, Ukraine, all that Eastern Europe production. At this point, it's all conjecture, but they could bring opportunities to us as we go forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research. 
David Driscoll: I wanted to talk a little bit more about Agricultural Services. So you made in your prepared comments the statement that the $150 million was within the historic range. So are you -- what were you trying to get at right with that statement? Were you trying to say that this result is kind of not a bad result? Or are you trying to say that this is just an explanatory factor in terms of the year-on-year delta? I wasn't sure what the conclusion, what the takeaway was supposed to be from that. 
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think -- this is Pat, David. I think the idea of a range that we've tried to clarify is a somewhat average range of the past of $150 million to $200 million. And even with poor international merchandising results, which we did comment on, and slower exports out of the U.S. that we were within the range. So I guess you can take that, if you had more average of both of those, you'd be higher in the range. 
David Driscoll: And then expanding on the poor international results, can you talk about why they were poor? Is this a veiled reference to kind of the European problems and how they crept into grain markets? Or is this something fundamentally specific to ADM? And then furthermore on that question, does it have a bearing on the March quarter and the rest of calendar '12? 
Craig Huss: This is Craig. I guess  I'd say our job is to manage market volatility around our assets, and we have a very structured process for doing so. We analyzed the variables going out there and decide the risk-reward relationship in positions. And our risk positions have been somewhat lower, but it's been a difficult situation. And it's lower this year, but that's not a change in our thought process, much more just a -- we haven't seen the opportunities that we've seen in the past. 
David Driscoll: Okay. So, Craig, you're not trying to say that this had -- one of your competitors flat-out said that the European debt problems affected the grain markets and led to their business having lower origination results. I'm trying to get a sense if you agree with that statement. And then critically, what I really want to know here is what your thoughts are going forward, if this continues to negatively affect your ability to profit within ag services? 
Craig Huss: We've not changed our process at all. I would say that carrying inventories and things like that had been a little difficult this year just because of the risk reward on them. And that's basically why we've just seen less opportunity. 
David Driscoll: Okay. Final question for me is on Oilseeds. We've seen a pickup in spot cash crushing margins in the United States. In fact, it's been fairly material on a year-over-year basis. Juan, in your comments, you made a statement that, of course, things are still weak. But I'm very curious about, number one, the spot U.S. margin impact on your business in the December quarter. And then what do you take away from the improvement in those margins on a go-forward basis? It looks material, but I'd like you to tell us if that's the fact or if it's really not as good as it otherwise appears on the spot crush. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, David. In Q2 for us, we saw a sequential improvement versus Q1. So what we said before that we've seen, with the harvest, the situation improved a little bit. So in the U.S., margins have come up a little bit but from low levels. As we go forward, we see Europe continued concerns, especially on the rape side because of the tight supply there. The U.S., it will depend a lot what happened with South America, obviously. If you remember, a couple of years ago when South America had a bad crop, we didn't have a problem with the extra demand that the U.S. get and to have full capacity utilization of all this capacity. Now we are wrestling with capacity utilization. But it is that, is that South America becomes very competitive. So that's why I would say at this point in time, it's very much a weather market. So last week was very dry and 40 degrees in Argentina. And people start to worry, and sometimes we get a little bit of a meal export market going. And then it's raining today, it rained yesterday in Argentina, so the market's come back a little bit in soy. So it's a weather market for this quarter. But I would say despite the improvement, we still see relatively softness in the margin, in overall in Oilseeds. 
David Driscoll: Do you expect your Brazilian crushing margin business to be better than what your comments were for Europe rapeseed? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. We see South America kind of in between. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Just a couple questions. How much oilseed capacity are you guys taking out? 
Juan Luciano: We took -- when you say taking out, Ken, if you mean permanently shut down, we shut down one that we announced last quarter. At this point in time, we're just slowing it down and we are running probably in the range of 80%, 75% depending on the oilseed. What I think I told this quarter is that, as we seen, I gave a little bit more detail of what we're doing in Europe. And we're seeing a little bit more -- we're seeing a little bit of a decline in demand in biodiesel in Germany because of -- German GDP probably has been affected by all these things. And also the winter was a little bit milder than expected, so heating oil demand is not that huge. So we shifted a little bit more to soy crush when we had that flexibility and we slowed down a little bit rape in Europe. So that's -- but that's something that we normally do, but I just wanted to give you more color. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. So it's not incremented. It's the one facility in the U.S., that's really what changed. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. We didn't shut down anything else. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And then when you reduced the CapEx and acquisition capital by 15%, is it sort of expected lower cash flow, less opportunities? Or just -- why would it be there was a change in that? Like what was the reason for the change? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, I wouldn't describe it as a change. It was the continued working on our process of capital allocation that we started 6 months ago maybe. So when we started, we have like, we wanted to see the full pie chart of opportunities, the full pipeline in front of us. We saw $3.3 billion. We said okay on that. We think that $2 billion will be something reasonable. Then as we start working and increasing our hurdles and going through our prioritization, into giving priorities to outside U.S. and giving priority to Oilseed and ag services. So as we put those filters, we started to become more, a little bit tighter into that. And that's why at this point, the update is we are about $1.7 billion into that. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. How much capital are you spending on the agribusiness? And could you just kind of say how much have you spent over the last 12 months? A ballpark would be very helpful, just kind of -- because I know you're spending more on logistics. I'm just trying to figure out how much of that $2 billion -- the $1.7 billion is now on the agribusiness? How much has it been over the last year or so? Just some sort of estimate would be very helpful. 
Ray Young: Yes, Ken. I mean, I think we've indicated -- it's Ray here, that we're targeting about 70% of our growth investments in the agri -- the ag services sector, as well as the Oilseed segment. I mean, a lot of that is targeted outside of the United States as well. I don't think we want to go beyond that, because I think how we want to think about cap allocation is what are the segments we're focused on growth, and what are the segments that we're focused on optimizing. And we're going down that path right now. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And my last question is, the ethanol exports for this year, I think at one point, you guys thought it was going to be closer to 750 million. Now I think you guys are now saying 500 million. What was the change? 
Juan Luciano: Yes, I think the 500 million is net from the imports that Brazil will bring into the U.S. So probably the gross number is probably 750 million to 800 million as we said before, Ken. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. So there's no change to that? 
Juan Luciano: No. Not in our view at this point. Too early although. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank. 
Christina McGlone: I guess first question, Pat, with respect to the PHA write-down, it was an investment that was made in the pretty recent history. And I'm just curious, what changed that caused you to walk away and to write it down? 
Patricia Woertz: Well, I guess we -- as you probably know, we started an exploratory arrangement with our partner there back in 2004, and further made an alliance and investment just early 2006. But it's truly a change. In the last review of our project that looked at the economical equation -- it's kind of a calendar year budget cycle. And as the budget was brought to us with cash spending and what the outlook was and revised several times, it still could not be in the economic projections that we felt made sense to us. So we evaluated what to do and clearly, it's something where we decided to take the write-down and do the -- look at -- it's a noncash, of course, write-down. Then we'll look at those assets, as Juan has mentioned in his remarks, to see if there are other options for use of them in Clinton. 
Christina McGlone: Okay. I mean, I guess just going forward, when you talk about the CapEx plans, I guess now the question would surface, is there a chance that some of these new projects would have these risks as well? Because there wasn't that much time that passed since you decided to do it, to writing it down. I mean, is there a different process in terms of evaluating the projects? 
Juan Luciano: Christina, this is Juan. I will say that the only difference with the process is that it adds a little bit of a -- more to the hurdle rate when we go into things that we are less familiar with, like in this case. So it's difficult to compare the other projects in the pipeline where we're focusing on the things that are core to us and the businesses that we have, obviously, gross momentum in -- growth momentum in. So I think that the issue in PHA is a difficulty of us going with something that is new in the world, in a market that is completely new to us. So I don't think that you should extrapolate those difficulties into our current CapEx. Also, the current CapEx adjusted also reflect the fact that we will not have to spend extra CapEx into PHA that we had in the plan to. 
Christina McGlone: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Ray, for cocoa, it's the most frustrating segment to model. So we have $100 million of mark-to-market losses that eventually will reverse, but we have no idea on the timing. And then are there more losses that could happen? Or now we're kind of in a steady-state where the gains should start rolling in? How do we think about this? 
Ray Young: Well, first of all, I think we're sympathetic with you in terms of the volatility of the mark-to-market in the cocoa segment. Christina, a lot of it's going to be a function of how cocoa bean prices move. Part of the reason why we saw the large negative mark-to-market adjustment is the fact that cocoa bean prices fell over 20% in the quarter, which is a dramatic move in a short period of time. So when Juan talks about the fact that we've built up about $100 million of cumulative losses on our balance sheet, we know that eventually, that will unwind. So as we sell down the beans or as prices move up, a lot of that should unwind. We're just hesitant to provide any indication in terms of the exact timing because frankly, it is difficult to estimate. And secondly, there's a lot of other factors that drive how the unwind will occur. So we just want to alert you that there is about a cumulative of $100 million of losses built up. It will eventually unwind. We're very -- we, ourselves, are not forecasting specifically when it's going to unwind. So we thought that was just useful information for you. 
Christina McGlone: Okay. And then Pat, for ethanol, it sounds like E15 may be a bit closer -- just what I've been reading seems a little more optimistic. But I wanted to understand with respect to the RVP waiver, is that a real hurdle? Is that something that needs to happen before we can have Midwest adoption of E15, assuming that the EPA puts it in the registrar? 
Patricia Woertz: I don't know, Christina. I'm looking around the table here. To your first point of "looks like it's closer," I think we still believe it's the spring. It looks like it has the opportunity to have the Is dotted and the Ts crossed, so to speak. In all the technical reviews, we don't see any reason why it won't be certified as a fuel. Illinois and Iowa are ready to go, and I believe Pennsylvania is not far behind. So the states are dispensing transport fuels -- or they have rules on dispensing transport fuels as a state component. And they are ready to go as soon as the federal approval is certified. So that part is positive. I don't know about the RVP. We can follow up and get an answer back to you on that. 
Christina McGlone: Okay. And then last question, just on the rapeseed in Europe. One, is that purely a function of the short crop? So then when we get the new crop, I guess, sometime in the summer, it will -- margins will recover? Or is there something else on the demand side? I guess you mentioned the biodiesel in Germany that we should be thinking about. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. I think even when the new crop comes, we still expect it to be tight and needing some imports from Australia to compensate for that. So I think we -- the way I think about it, Christina, is we're going to see a little bit of a margin improvement from the market and we're trying to get a lot of our own margin improvement by the things that we're doing with that. But it's still a difficult environment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Oksenhendler of Bank of America. 
Ryan Oksenhendler: Ray, I was just wondering if you can elaborate. You talked a lot -- I know last year at a conference, you talked about changing the framework in the way you make capital allocation decisions, and you provided some expectations for the investments that you were making that year. Do you plan on providing some transparency on the projects that you're spending on now? I just think it would help. I know, Pat, you talked about how you're excited about long-term earnings growth. I think that would help provide some reference for investors, how you get there. And also, do you plan on providing some targets for segments besides the Oilseeds segment? 
Ray Young: Yes. A couple of comments, Ryan. We indicated that we were looking at our hurdle rates as part of our improved capital discipline. And Juan has talked about in the past that we have increased our hurdle rates overall. And in addition, we provide some differential hurdle rates reflective of projects that are maybe in new geographic areas or into new product types of areas, so -- and that process has been put in place. And then secondly, we indicated that we're going to continue to do a lot of smaller projects. I mean, I think I highlighted at your conference that there's a core competency within our company about doing these small bolt-on projects. And we continue to focus on a lot of these bolt-on projects, which will provide returns in excess of our hurdle rates. I think the new element that you've recently seen from us is also a focus on allocating more capital towards emerging markets or the growth areas. And so I think that through -- Juan's team, the global operating team, they're looking at all of these projects. We provide a lot more filters towards projects. And I think going forward, I think you will see that reflected in terms of our earnings power at the company, going forward. I mean, the reason why we're investing in all these projects is to drive the earnings power here. So we are going to have blips in certain quarters. I kind of view this quarter as one of these blips, whereby we kind of under-earn relative to our long-term targets. But we continue to have the capital discipline, filter the projects, look very critically in terms of what we're going to invest. I fundamentally believe that it's going to get reflected in our forward earnings in the future. 
Ryan Oksenhendler: Okay. And then just, in terms of -- it sounds like you're evaluating some options for some of the smaller businesses like, I guess, your fermentation assets and then, I think, the sugar assets or the ethanol assets in Brazil. I guess, how far along are you in the process of this? I mean, have these businesses been a drag on earnings, or it limited your earnings growth? And kind of how far along are you in that process.? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Ryan, this is Juan. Obviously, we made the decision on PHA based on these transient change in circumstances that we've seen late last year. And in terms of Brazil and our investment in ethanol from sugarcane, that's an important area for us. That continues to be an area of focus. And we learn a lot by operating that facility on a crop that we were not that familiar with. But fundamentally, we, like everybody in Brazil, we need to have good access to cane supply. So we are not satisfied with our current position and we're looking at options to improve that competitive position. So we are probably a couple of months into looking at that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler of CLSA. 
Diane Geissler: I was wondering if you could give us a little color on the CapEx that you've spent year-to-date. Could you break out for us, Juan, sort of what percentage you think was spent on, obviously, maintenance; and then the piece that went towards the smaller bolt-on type projects or the ones that are sort of immediately additive, I'm assuming? And then kind of the game changers like the Paraguay oilseed crush that will take longer to have some kind of return associated with it. Just give us a framework for how those -- the bucket of spending went. 
Ray Young: Diane, it's Ray here. I think how we want to think about on a fiscal-year basis is, in terms of just what we call the maintenance and compliance CapEx, we're still thinking we're probably running about -- around a $400 million type of number there for the fiscal year. And I'm looking at the estimates for the fiscal year right now. 
Diane Geissler: Okay, great. 
Ray Young: Okay. And then the rest would be really what we'd view as the growth type of investments. And of the growth type of investments, we're still looking to target about half of that outside of the United States, the other half within the United States. We are focused on both the combination of capital spending and M&A, and we've indicated that on the first half of the year, we spent about $200 million in M&A. In Juan's estimates, probably another $100 million to get to about $300 million for the fiscal year. And then, with respect to the organic growth initiatives, generally, how I kind of think through that is, a vast majority of the growth initiatives are smaller types of projects, which we feel very, very comfortable executing. We really -- we got good returns on those and we continue to work on those smaller types of projects, in the ones I defined as less than $25 million. 
Diane Geissler: Okay. So if we think about total CapEx budget of $1.4 billion minus $400 million for maintenance, that leaves $1 billion spend. I mean, you're midway through the year. You should have a pretty good idea about what percentage of that $1 billion will be on the smaller projects. Is it 70%? 80%? Just... 
Ray Young: Yes. I think a ballpark number is probably about 3/4 of it is probably in the smaller projects. 
Diane Geissler: 3/4. Okay, great. And then I just had a question on the comment on the ethanol business. I think you said you were running above the nameplate in the December quarter. Is that -- it just sort of shocks me because the BioProducts profit was actually below my expectations, despite what seemed to be fairly decent industry results. So I just am -- I'm curious about the thought process that went behind -- with where corn prices are versus where ethanol prices are. You're running above your capacity still, or kind of how are you adjusting to the reduced operating environment? 
Juan Luciano: The industry is running all very hard, to be honest, Diane. And we run very hard through the quarter, in the past quarter, as we saw those spectacular margins. Then obviously demand, especially on exports, disappear on that. We continue to run hard those plants, Diane. Those plants are not similar to the oilseeds plant, that allows for big adjustments in capacity utilization without taking a big hit on costs. Those plants are very big, are very intensive on energy. So we think that we have the cost advantage and we think that in reality, slowing down our plants will not bring a significant benefit to us, as it happens maybe in oilseeds. So we continue to run them hard and I think that we believe that some of the smaller players will slow down. They have slowed down already a little bit during the quarter. 
Diane Geissler: Okay. So it sounds -- the question is, is that 6 months? Or I mean, there was a period, I guess a couple of years ago, where you had basically 4 quarters of losses in that group or in that line item. Is that kind of what we're looking at here? Or is it may be not as bad as it was 2 to 3 years ago? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. I'm thinking, Diane, less than that, certainly. I think that there's going to be a combination. I think that the driving season in the U.S. is going to pick up. I think exports with these ethanol prices will pick up and it's just a matter of putting the programs together take a little bit of time. And I think there also some of the smaller player, the less competitive players will also adjust their capacity. There's also a mid-annual -- or semi-annual shutdown for maintenance of these plants, that normally happen too. So we see that, with all that, probably at the end of this quarter, we should see a little bit of a pickup in the ethanol margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Healy of Scotiabank. 
Christine Healy: Just a couple of questions for you. First, just on your ag services business. I'm just curious if you're seeing any impact at all from the rise in U.S. on-farm storage? I saw that rose again in 2011. Have you seen since harvest that farmers are holding on to their grain a bit more tightly? 
Craig Huss: This is Craig. I think that on-farm storage is an issue, but I think much bigger than that is the farmer's holding on to the crop, period. Whether he was holding onto it on-farm or at the country elevator or at the terminal is insignificant. The farmer's had fairly strong financial results over the past few years and he's capable of holding and he's being bullish. So I don't think -- I think it's obvious that we have continued to have an increase of on-farm storage. But I think it's farmer holding of the crop much more than on-farm storage which has created the strong basis. 
Christine Healy: And did you see that improve in mid-December, when the prices started to come back up? Has that improved since the last quarter? 
Craig Huss: Well, the farmer has a situation where he is very strong, but there's a very strong inverse, where the old crop is worth more than the new crops. So he will gradually start selling the new crop because it's a financial hindrance for him to sell new crop. 
Christine Healy: Okay. And then just moving on to your growth plans here. You recently announced several expansions in Europe, Romania and Poland, Slovakia. Maybe you can talk about Ukraine. Is that a focused market for you? And what opportunities would you see in that particular market? Would that be more likely be a build versus a buy situation? 
Juan Luciano: Christine, this is Juan. We're certainly building our position in Eastern Europe, so you see all these elevators and they're bringing it -- it's building our origination. We already have some processing capacity there. So we try to do more in terms of acquisition because there are smaller players there. So we have a very aggressive team and I think that you're seeing some of those results posted in our announcements over the last couple of months. So we will continue to do that. And acquisition game is a game of percentages, so it's very difficult to forecast. But we feel satisfied with the rate that we're going. 
Christine Healy: My understanding though, just from some of your competitors, is there's a bit of a lack of opportunities in Ukraine in particular. Do you see that particular market as more tricky to grow? 
Juan Luciano: In terms of acquisition, you have seen that our forecast had been reduced for the rest of the year. So you may say that some of those opportunities that we thought originally were going to be there are either no longer attractive or no longer available, yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann of Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: I just had a couple quick ones. First, you commented on ethanol dynamics post the expiration of the subsidy. I was hoping you can give us an update on the biodiesel side, and whether you're seeing RIN carryover from last year, whether your expectation is that end demand will ultimately be lower than what the mandate called for? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Lindsay, this is Juan. Certainly, we're seeing a little bit of a hangover from the inventory buildup on Biodiesel 99 at the end of the calendar year in 2001. And we think that, that is weighting heavily on demand for probably the first 2 months of this year. We are starting to see some better business interest, although margins are still not great. I would say, on the -- so we think that we're going to make the 1 billion gallons of the mandate. Certainly, the industry has the ability to do that in a shorter period of time, so they can start midyear and they can still catch up. On the positive side, on biodiesel, I will say, the EPA has finalized the ruling on palm-based biodiesel and have ruled that they do not need the 20% greenhouse gas reduction, emissions reductions. So that will be a positive for the domestic industry since we don't have to compete with palm-based imports. 
Lindsay Mann: Great. I also just wanted to clarify, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks an expectation that South American crop would actually be lower on a year-over-year basis. And I know they are lower than where people had thought they'd be because of some of the weather issues. But unless I'm mistaken, I still thought that we were looking for an increase in the absolute output on a year-over-year basis, at least as far as what WASI [ph] and some of the other organizations are looking for. So do you have a different view? Or am I misunderstanding your expectation? 
Craig Huss: This is Craig. I think that we are looking for smaller crops than last year. It's all conjecture at this point because we have just started actually bringing the crop in, in Brazil. But the dry weather in Argentina has had an impact on corn for certain, and it had some impact on beans. But as in the United States, it's August rains here. Well, it's the late January and February rains in Argentina that are going to make or break that crop. So we're not necessarily estimating where it will be, but it's going to be lower than we would have said 6 weeks ago, for certain. 
Lindsay Mann: Okay. And then one of your competitors in the U.S. announced, I believe, another crushing plant closure. Are you seeing -- first of all, do you have facilities that are in close proximity to that one? Would you expect to see some immediate benefit in terms of your P&L as a result? And are you seeing that impact flow through? 
Juan Luciano: We think that in general the producers in the U.S. have been reacting to the difficult demand situation and have been disciplined in managing their capacity. So I think that everybody will benefit when we have that situation. 
Lindsay Mann: Okay. And then lastly, if you could just maybe go around the horn. I know that you have crushing capability in lots of different regions. So which of your regions, Europe, U.S., is most profitable on a gross margin basis? How would you rank-order them? 
Juan Luciano: I will rank, as I think I said before, U.S., South America and Europe, in that order. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts of Buckingham Research. 
John Roberts: The $100 million on timing losses in cocoa that you mentioned, should we assume any timing issues going forward in either corn or soy would be smaller than that, since you haven't called them out? 
Ray Young: Yes. Actually, John, if you recall last year, we had quite a bit of mark-to-market impacts in the Oilseeds segment. We've been able to mitigate that impact through some differences in terms of how we're treating the valuation. So that's the reason you should not see mark-to-market impacts or timing impacts flowing through the Oilseed segment going forward. They were very, very significant last year in the second quarter,  as you recall. Now going forward in the cocoa segment, we're actually looking at ways to try to mitigate that mark-to-market impact as well. So we're looking at techniques in order to provide a more consistent treatment with respect to the inventories, as well as the hedges. So that's a work in progress and we'll report back when we find a method to try to mitigate that impact. In the corn segment, if you recall last year in the second quarter, we had some fairly significant mark-to-market gains in the corn segment due to our ownership position when prices moved up. I think we highlighted that in this particular quarter, we didn't have the consumer types of ownership gains. But it did have an impact in our net corn costs because we recognized the benefits last year in the second quarter which, economically, one can argue that really would have accrued to this particular quarter. And so remember, John, if you recall at the last quarter's call, we said approximately $100 million of the benefits in the second quarter of last year with respect to hedging would have accrued to really the first and second quarter of this fiscal year. 
John Roberts: Okay. I was asking specifically more about the forward couple of quarters here. And there's nothing known, major in soy or corn at this point. 
Ray Young: As you know, John, we don't comment on our positions here. So I think -- I just want to make sure you understood some of the accounting issues regarding mark-to-market. But again, we don't comment on our positions going forward. 
John Roberts: And again, could you remind us how much high fructose corn syrup -- what the revenue impact is going to be from the pricing rolling forward here in the new contracts? 
Juan Luciano: Well, the price increases are in the -- we say in the low teens, John. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin of Davenport. 
Ann Gurkin: Continuing along with HFCS, is that -- does that come in line with expectations or marginally better? Can you give any kind of color on that? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. I would say that when you finish this, this was a long process and there are many people -- or many players involved. When we finish all that, considering where we land in the volumes and the prices, I would say we are satisfied. 
Ann Gurkin: Great. And then Pat, and just your comments in the release about growing earnings power of ADM. We've seen 3 quarters now of down earnings year-over-year. And I guess, what is behind that statement? Can you help me reconcile what we're seeing come through the earnings versus that statement? 
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think it relates back to also another question earlier. And as Ray responded, we're looking very carefully at all of our future investments and they're all related to creating earnings power in the long term. So the long term doesn't always mean the next quarter. Although it's helpful if you see quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter improvement. This happens to be a down period relative to the external environment. But our costs to -- our objective to be above our cost of capital by 2 points -- 200 basis points is very, very important. We're also under -- if you think about our productivity efforts, which we have underway for a while, we're looking at every aspect of our cost, of our cost lines, looking at the organization structure to allow for even greater productivity. And we expect over the next several quarters to see $100 million pretax benefit from those productivity efforts. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research. 
Christine McCracken: Just wanted to touch on a couple of quick things. We've been hearing a little bit about some wheat and soymilk quality issues potentially impacting exports. I'm just wondering if that's going to [ph] be a factor in your business and if you can provide any color around that? 
Ray Young: Are you talking international? U.S.? 
Christine McCracken: U.S. wheat. Apparently, there were some issues here over the past few weeks, soy meal specifically as well. We've been hearing some issues possibly impacting exports to China. 
Ray Young: No. I don't -- quality is always an issue, but I don't see anything outside the norm. As we've -- as we get later in the crop at Eastern Europe, we're seeing a few quality issues over there. But certainly nothing outside the norm. And on wheat, it's been mostly a competitive issue, not a quality issue as getting U.S. wheat competitive in the world markets. And it's basically in that neighborhood right now. 
Christine McCracken: All right. And then what do you make of China's move yesterday to ban Indian rapeseed import due to quality issues specifically? Is that a retaliatory measure or do you think there's something -- a real concern there? 
Ray Young: Probably some of both, as in most decisions that come out of China. But there is a quality issue and there's probably politics there also. But it's just part of the markets. 
Christine McCracken: And do you see that as a potential benefit then? Any way to quantify how a big of a potential opportunity that might be for some of your markets? 
Ray Young: Any dislocation can be an opportunity, it depends on degree. 
Christine McCracken: Fair enough. And then one last one, a separate question on the low carbon fuel standard decision in California, I know that's being appealed. But have you seen any change as it relates to your business and that announcement? 
Patricia Woertz: Well, I'll take that, Christine. The courts have ruled on that and while there'll probably always be an appeal process in California, I think it's a positive for the industry that the level playing field, so to speak, kind of was the successor at the end of the day. And that should be positive for U.S. ethanol as opposed to a lot of imported ethanol into California. 
Christine McCracken: But nothing specific is moving into that market at this point? 
Patricia Woertz: Nothing in the current place. We're still shipping and we have good ethanol moving into the California market. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research. 
David Driscoll: Just 2 quick questions. Ray, on the cocoa, just to make sure I'm clear on this one. So the mark-to-market that you took there is related to a hedge that's in place. And the reason why you've said what you said is that in the future, as the hedge plays through, you will not be penalized by the 100 -- what, I forget if the number was $130 million, $140 million of mark-to-market because there's the other side of the hedge, which reverses this thing out. But the accounting rules are forcing you to take the mark-to-market in the quarter. Did I say that about right? 
Ray Young: You're absolutely right. It's just a mismatch in terms of the treatment of the hedge relative to these underlying asset that you're hedging. You're absolutely right. 
David Driscoll: So maybe one suggestion then. Since you guys have made the effort to go and do an adjusted earnings number, I was curious almost why you didn't just take that $0.51 and then add, I think, it's $0.13 to it, which would put us at $0.64 on kind of an underlying economic rationale for the quarter itself. Would you guys, I mean -- would you generally agree that my logic is reasonable? 
Ray Young: Yes, generally reasonable. The issue, David, is there's a lot of [indiscernible] across the board in all of our segments. And it would be difficult for us to try to highlight that on adjusted earnings for every little bit. And so what we felt will be useful was for us to highlight just the significant ones when they occur. And frankly, we're trying to figure out a means in order to mitigate this impact, so these things don't impact the results going forward. So that's what we're working on right now, David. And I mean hopefully, our finance and accounting teams will be able to find a solution and we'll be able to report back to you in the future. 
Patricia Woertz: I think your logic though, David, is the right one. If you think about the significant timing adjustment in this quarter, you could argue that's an adjusted item. But since there are small ones in other places, we didn't put that in as part of our adjusted EPS. 
David Driscoll: I see what you're saying. So you're just being concerned about, hey, if you add that $0.13, then you should have gone through in every other segment and take into account mark-to-market gains or losses. And since that disclosure is not currently available, you don't include it in the adjusted number. But logically, the economics are what we've said. 
Ray Young: Yes, correct. And like I said, we try to highlight the material ones in order to help you out. 
David Driscoll: I appreciate that. On the high fructose corn syrup, my last, I guess, question or 2 would just be, so the pricing comes in low-teens. That sounds good, especially in context of expanding margins. Can you talk a little bit about your expectations for volumes? And I missed it if you said what sweetener volumes did in the quarter year-over-year. Did you say sweeteners volumes were up or down? I apologize I missed that. 
Juan Luciano: We didn't say. But David, in terms of volumes, when we're finished with our negotiation, we are about -- our volumes for next year are intact. I mean, so we get the price increase. Whatever we conceded in one side, we got it on exports. So our volume in grind overall was up like 5%. But I think in sweeteners, we were flat quarter-over-quarter. So we finished, as I said before, satisfied the negotiations. We achieved our price increases. We didn't give up any volumes. So we will still have a strong demand for our wet milling portfolio. 
David Driscoll: And as regards to Mexico, so you did cite the strong export volumes which are going to Mexico. When you look forward and you think about the demand from that country -- as I understand it, right, it's a substitution effect as we're taking sugar out, putting fructose in. There's a mix issue though. It's like 100% of the sugar in the carbonated soft drinks does not come out day one. It takes years, I think, for this to occur. If I'm right about those pieces, would you agree that we should continue to see export growth in calendar '12 and '13 and probably for a number of years to come, given the relative attractiveness of high fructose versus local Mexican sugar. 
Juan Luciano: Yes, David. Our forecast is for export to continue to be strong and continue to provide a tight balance for sweeteners, yes. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz of Topeka Capital Markets. 
Ian Horowitz: Ray, you commented on the CapEx going forward will be much more leaning towards your traditional lines of business. In that last wave of CapEx that we did on a large scale a few years ago, there were a couple projects beyond the PHA that weren't really kind of in that mainstream. And the one I think about the most is the propylene glycol business. We haven't heard a lot about that. I'm not sure it's anywhere near the size of what the PHA investment was. But if we could just kind of talk about that and maybe any other things that may kind of spring up as potential issues here in the future? 
Juan Luciano: Sure. Ian, this is Juan. We're very satisfied with the propylene glycol project. We announced, I think in the past quarter, that for the first time, we have a biobased propylene glycol USP, so United States pharmacopeia grade that will increase not only the usage of that product but certainly it commands a premium price versus industrial grade. That's the one that we used to have. So we are very satisfied with that. We think that there is a big market for that. If you know propylene glycol and maybe a difference to other products, it's used in a myriad of applications and it doesn't require a lot of qualification or a lot of testing or a lot of application development because it's a liquid and you'll replace the petroleum-based liquid with a biobased liquid, one-on-one, would make it very easy the market penetration. So it's a completely different project in that sense to the PHA introduction into the market. So we are very satisfied with it and it's going and growing. 
Ian Horowitz: Would the product be priced at parity to the petroleum product or at premium to it? 
Juan Luciano: That's the million dollar question, Ian. So it depends on the application and depends on the customers. I won't say more than that. 
Ian Horowitz: Okay. And then like I said, just a quick question. On global crush capacity, we're still fairly underutilized. If we were to simply grow into the capacity from demand, what is your internal kind of forecast as when we should tighten up this overall crush supply? 
Juan Luciano: Well, I think you can -- I can help you with the calculation. If you think that probably the industry runs at about 80-something percent, and you have a demand growing at about 4% to 6% per year, if I quote the USDA, that's how it's going to take. But I think that it's something that my teachers here have taught me in this market, is that you can have that. But every year, you have a reset with the difference in crops in the U.S. versus South America and all that. So you have a bad South American crop and all of a sudden, the U.S. gets an extra boost in demand that closes that gap significantly. So it all depends where do you have your asset base geographically distributed and what happens with the crops around the world. But again, the fundamental demand is growing at around 4% to 6% per year around the globe. 
Ian Horowitz: Sure. I understand the different geographies. But could you assume that now going forward, that capacity shut-ins may start to slow down or the rate of them -- of you and your competitors shutting any capacity will slow down due to the fact that there's kind of that light at the end of the tunnel? That you'll kind of make it through, slog through these next couple of quarters of difficult or overcapacity, thinking that you're going to kind of grow -- the demand is going to grow into it? 
Juan Luciano: Ian, I cannot speak for our competitors. But certainly, from our perspective, our view is we're still in the mode of adjusting capacity and taking it down or reviewing our operations on which plant we keep running or not versus adding. And I think that in general, I will imagine that the industry needs a period of recovery after this versus just investing. So I don't think anybody is out there thinking on the next plant. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. 
Kenneth Zaslow: In your sort of BioProducts profitability, if I look at the margin structure that was during this quarter relative to last year, it was actually higher but your profitability came in lower. Can you just talk about why the dynamics in the stock market are so different than what you guys are actually experiencing on the magnitude? I know directionally, it's kind of in the realm. But it just seems that there's something -- you would have thought it would have been a better quarter given the ethanol margin structure that we're seeing out there. 
Juan Luciano: Yes. Ken, this is Juan. Yes, you're right. On average -- I mean, it was a probably highly volatile quarter from an ethanol margin perspective. So we climbed to very, very high margins by, I think I said, Thanksgiving. And then, it collapsed faster and steeper than what we thought. I will say, if you look at quarter-over-quarter, the biggest difference is our net corn costs are up. And that's mostly, I will say, different positioning gains versus last year. 
Kenneth Zaslow: So in the sweeteners and starches, it's the high fructose corn syrup less the starch product. But in the ethanol, it's  the ethanol minus corn prices. I thought there was a transfer pricing that was different between the 2. I thought I got it backwards. I thought your net corn costs are in your starch but maybe  on your sweeteners. Did I have that backwards? 
Juan Luciano: No, it's in BioProducts. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And then the sweeteners, it's sweeteners less the starch, not the corn, right? I thought you -- there was a transfer pricing differential between the 2 divisions. No? 
Juan Luciano: Both take net corn costs. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. I don't know why I had it in my head that there was something that was a different transfer pricing. But even as we go forward, so the other implication kind of, I think with Diane's question, is that you could actually expect negative ethanol profitability going forward until there's a supply-demand rebalancing? Is that the other implication that you were saying with Diane? 
Juan Luciano: No. I don't recall exactly what we said. But basically, we expect -- current margins for ethanol are depressed right now. And we expect it probably -- they are depressed right now. We expect a slowly climbing out of that maybe in 2 or 3 months. And when you know -- when supply and demand balance itself either by shutting down some capacity or growing exports and growing domestic demand based on more driving mileage. 
Kenneth Zaslow: But it will it be relative -- if gross margins are roughly breakeven-ish, you would argue that your profitability in that business should be somewhat in that breakeven to up and down a little bit, but nothing even at the level that we're at right now, that they had in this current quarter. Is that fair? 
Juan Luciano: Yes. It should get better after the quarter goes by. 
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And then my final question truly is the workforce reduction, you guys decided to cut the workforce by 3%. Part A of that is why 3%, not 5%, not 1%? Like what was the thought process behind that? And where will we and when will we see the benefit of the cost reduction? Again, I guess I use the word benefit not as a positive word. But where would you see lower cost coming into the income statement? 
Patricia Woertz: Well, Ken, first of all, we have offered a voluntary retirement program to some of our employees and we don't have the outcome of that program yet. But after that, we're looking at restructuring that allows for at least 1,000-person reduction or about 3%, which was our estimate at where we could find the benefits of further work process improvements, further efficiencies, further reporting lines and span of control improvements. And I'd say the majority of that is at the sort of SG&A kind of lines or corporate and administrative types of roles. And the "when" is within the next 9 to 12 months when the -- I would have said [ph] , the majority of it in the first 6 months and then the balance in the last 6 months, as we see folks -- these positions roll off the payroll and have reduced costs. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann of Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Mann: Just quickly, I was curious if you could give a couple of remarks on the Chinese market, just 2 points there. Number one, we're hearing about some excess inventory of vegetable oil there. I was curious if you had any perspective on what that dynamic is about, and if it's getting better. And then number two, just your view on what Chinese crushing capacity is going to do this year. 
Craig Huss: Well, crushing margins in China have not been terrific. They reflect the rest of the world to some extent. The short term -- the oil problem is, to me, it's just a short-term problem. Their demand for oil continues to be strong and I consider just a short-term issue. 
Lindsay Mann: And then first of all, what is the short-term issue? And then secondly, if you have a view on Chinese crushing capacity. 
Craig Huss: Well, we consider Chinese crushing capacity as the margins themselves are weak, I would say. But some were better than Europe. And as far as the oil glut that you talked about, that's just a short-term trading issue. I don't see it to be a significant overall issue. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the conference over to Pat Woertz for closing remarks. 
Patricia Woertz: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Please, as always, feel free to follow up with Dwight if you have any further clarification or questions. We do have a note on Slide 16 that shows our upcoming webcast events. We'll be presenting at CAGNY on February 21, and also we'll be hosting a global oilseeds business review in Hamburg on March 28. Have a great day and thanks for your time. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad - Vice President of Investor Relations Juan Luciano - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Ray Young - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Patricia Woertz - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee John Rice - Vice Chairman
Analysts: Horst Hueniken - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Thomas Graves - S&P Equity Research Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Amon Wilkes - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Archer Daniels Midland Fourth Quarter Conference Call. My name is Carmen. I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Carmen. Good morning. Welcome to ADM's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, on adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, it says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates for economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results.  Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. On Slide 3 is a list of matters we will discuss on the conference call today. And now please turn to Slide 4 as I turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight and welcome and good morning, everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. I will begin, as always, with safety. During our fiscal year 2011, we reduced our lost workday injury rate by almost 7% and our total recordable incident rate by 17% compared to fiscal 2010. However, we're still not at 0 incidents, 0 injuries, or even fatalities so we must, and we will, continue to make meaningful progress on safety. Turning to our financial results. This morning, we reported fourth quarter net earnings of $381 million or $0.58 per share on a fully diluted basis. Segments operating profits were $888 million, up 11%, excluding LIFO and other specified items, particularly some tax items, which Ray will discuss in a moment. ADM earned $0.69 per share. Despite a challenging environment in several key markets, ADM delivered solid operating results across all of our businesses for the quarter. We earned a record operating profit for the fiscal year with our growing global asset base, diversified product portfolio and the acumen of the ADM team. Since our last call, we've continued to execute on our strategy to drive profitable growth and shareholder return. I'd like to recap 7 expansions, acquisitions or projects from the quarter.  In North America, we announced expansion of our lysine and threonine production capacity to meet animal producers' growing demand for amino acids. Second, we acquired Cattleman's Choice Loomix, a liquid animal feed supplements business, making our entrance into the business and complementing our broad line of dry feed offerings.  And we are adding 2 joint ventures, shuttle train loading elevators in the Dakotas, as well as an ADM-owned facility in Minnesota. These will primarily serve the export market to Asia. In South America, we announced plans to construct a port facility in Nueva Palmira, Uruguay to enhance our ability to connect South American crops with the global market. In Asia, we opened our feed premix plant in Tianjin, China, to serve the growing Chinese market for animal nutrition products. And 2, in Europe. We acquired a grain elevator on the Elba River, in Riesa, Germany extending the reach of our origination capability.  And today, we are pleased to announce this morning with a later press release, a network project we've been working on for some time. It will increase our origination and transportation capabilities along the Danube River. We're adding 12 river elevators, one inland elevator, an export elevator on the Black Sea port of Constanta. And this seamless origination and export link is similar to our other networks, those along the Paraguay River or in fact, in the North America along the Mississippi. We've also continued to work to strengthen the ADM organization to drive this profitable growth. This is the first call this morning in which Juan is joining us. Since he came to ADM in April, Juan's been learning our business and perhaps the best way visiting our operations around the world, meeting with people and working with his team to develop our fiscal year 2012 business plan.  For today's call, I've asked him to highlight a few of the key areas of focus for this new fiscal year. Those areas are driving operational excellence, accelerating growth and sustaining ADM's outstanding risk management performance. So after Ray reviews our financial results for the quarter and the year, Juan will provide an update on current market conditions and discuss those fiscal 2012 focus areas. Looking ahead, we are confident in our people, our assets and our financial strengths to deliver profitable growth and value for our shareholders as we serve the vital needs of the growing world.  Now I'll turn the call over to Ray.
Ray Young: Thanks, Pat, and hello to everyone on the call today. Let me share with you our fourth quarter and fiscal year results.  Slide 5 lists our financial highlights for the quarter and the full fiscal year. For the full fiscal year, segment operating profit, was $4 billion, a 24% increase from fiscal year 2010. And our return on invested capital, on a 4-quarter trailing average basis, was 9%, representing a 30 point year-over-year increase over our 4-quarter moving average flag. This quarter, financial results were good despite the weak underlying margin environment in many of our businesses. Segment operating profit was $888 million, up 11% from a year ago. And in a moment, I'll review those results on a segment-by-segment basis. As you'll see on this slide, in the fourth quarter, we recorded additional tax expenses to bring our cumulative effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to 33%. This additional tax expense caused our quarterly net earnings to decline 15% to $381 million. This resulted in quarterly earnings per share of $0.58, on a fully diluted basis, compared to last year's $0.69. During the first 3 quarters of our fiscal year, we estimate our full year tax rate. In the fourth quarter, we determine the actual tax rate for the year and we adjust the fourth quarter tax rate accordingly. As you know, we generate earnings in multiple jurisdictions around the world. Our geographic mix of earnings varies quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. And our effective tax rates vary by jurisdiction. Last year's fourth quarter tax rate was reduced after the reconciliation, while this year's fourth quarter tax rate increased significantly. This fiscal year's rate was atypical and was impacted by: one, the geographic mix of earnings more tilted to the U.S. including, as you'll hear later in our fourth quarter earnings; two, a higher U.S. effective tax rate as a result of type of earnings generated and the availability of various deductions and credits; three, higher tax expenses due to a stronger-than-estimated Brazilian real currency on June 30, generating remeasurement gains that our tax affected.; and four, true-ups of various deferred taxes that resulted in higher tax expenses in the current period. For fiscal year 2012, based on current estimates, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the 28% to 30% range. Slide 6 is a chart that we've added to highlight adjusted earnings per share where we have called out certain unique items we believe will help you better understand our results.  First, let me walk you through the fourth quarter column. We recorded a LIFO credit of $32 million after tax or approximately $0.05 per share compared to a $0.02 charge in the same period last year. We incurred some small amounts of start costs, about $0.02 a share related to our PGEG and PHA plants. We would expect these startup costs to go away in the first quarter of this fiscal year.  We benefited from a $78 million gain related to our equity investee Gruma, S.A.B. de C.V., disposing of its holdings of GFNorte Bank worth $0.07 per share. We discussed the book tax effects earlier.  To better reflect the underlying earnings performance of the fourth quarter, if we adjusted the actual fourth quarter effective tax rate of 50%, to the fiscal year tax rate of 33%, there would be a $0.20 per share benefit to earnings for the fourth quarter. In last year's fourth quarter, we showed an adjustment of negative $0.06 per share to reflect the favorable fourth quarter tax adjustment to bring the cumulative tax rate in line with the fiscal year rate of 26%. Therefore, there are adjustments of $0.11 per share positive for the fourth quarter 2011, resulting in adjusted earnings of $0.69 for the fourth quarter compared to $0.75 in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the full fiscal year, we see a similar walk that put some of the items that we've called out in prior quarter earnings calls. LIFO turned out to be a $0.35 charge for the fiscal year due to rising commodity prices. We've talked in the past about the gain on Golden Peanut in our second quarter. We also highlighted the diluted impact of if-converted accounting for the equity units that we had discussed in the third quarter earnings call. The result is an approximately $0.04 per share additional dilution for the 2011 fiscal year. Taking the above into account, fiscal year 2011's adjusted earnings were $3.45 per share or 8% higher than adjusted earnings for 2010 despite the 7 points of higher effective tax rate in 2011. Slide 7 shows the breakdown of our segment operating profit. Let's turn to Slide 8 to begin a review of each segment in greater detail.  Slide 8, Oilseed's operating profit in the fourth quarter increased $20 million to $379 million. Crushing and origination operating profit increased $14 million to $232 million for the quarter. North American results increased across the Oilseed portfolio, particularly in soft seeds, despite a weak margin environment. European and South American results were lower and were partially offset by positive mark-to-market timing effects of slightly less than $100 million, which we called out on our last earnings call.  Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other generated a profit of $86 million for the quarter, up $7 million from last year as improved results from North America offset lower results from Europe and South America. Oilseed results in Asia for the quarter were in-line with last year, principally reflecting our share of the results from equity investee Wilmar International Limited. For the fiscal year, Oilseed's operating profit of $1.52 billion represented a 9% increase from 2010, set an all-time record. Crushing and origination results of over $1 billion demonstrated strength across all Oilseed categories including soy, cottonseed, canola and sun. And our share of Wilmar earnings declined about $100 million to $178 million in 2011 compared to $280 million in 2010. Moving to Slide 9, Corn Processing. For the quarter, Corn Processing operating profit was $118 million, a decline of $22 million from the same quarter last year. While processed volumes were up 15%, net corn cost increased significantly from last year's fourth quarter. Sweeteners and starches operating profit of $9 million was down $110 million, as higher average selling prices and sales volumes were more than offset by a higher net corn cost. Export demand for sweeteners remained strong. We want to remind listeners that we generally run a hedge book for our Corn Processing business, and with higher pricing, we hedge favorable margins for the 2011 contract year for our sweeteners business. However, we recognize a lot of the benefit of our economic hedges when marking to market in the prior quarters. In addition, we allocate the gains on these hedges between the sweeteners and starches business and the Bioproducts business based upon grind volume. Bioproducts profit in the quarter rose $88 million to $109 million, driven by higher ethanol prices, favorable ownership positions, strong demand for value-added food and feed ingredients, particularly lysine and other amino acids. For the 2011 fiscal year, Corn Processing profits of $1.1 billion represented a 47% increase from 2010 levels. Again, it's important to be cautious about making any direct conclusions about the magnitude of the changes between bioproducts and sweeteners and starches, year-over-year, because of the varying impact of hedge allocation.  This year, bioproducts benefited disproportionately from the allocation of hedging gains on corn. Going forward, we are looking at various approaches to better align the accounting results and the economic results within this segment. Now let's turn to Slide 10 and review the operating performance of our Ag Services business segment where a profit of $193 million was an increase of $15 million from last year's results. Merchandising and handling earnings increased primarily due to stronger results from a North American interior elevators and export operations, which were partially offset by weaker international merchandising results. Earnings from transportation operations were essentially flat compared to the fourth quarter of last year.  For the 2011 fiscal year, Ag Services operating profit of $922 million represented a 38% improvement from 2010 levels, strengths across both merchandising and handling in our transportation businesses. Slide 11 is an operating profit analysis of our other business units. In the fourth quarter, profits increased $76 million to $198 million. In other processing, which includes wheat milling, cocoa and ADM share of Gruma, profits were $192 million, an increase of $64 million from the year-ago quarter. ADM's portion of Gruma's results included a $78 million gain on the disposal of the bank assets I mentioned earlier.  Other financial increased $12 million mainly due to improved results of ADM's captive insurance subsidiaries and ADM Investor Services.  For the 2011 fiscal year, other business units improved to $513 million. Gruma's results benefit from the gain on the sale of the GFNorte bank assets which offset declines in Gruma's operating performance. Slide 12 shows the major components of our corporate line. I just want to highlight the LIFO line. Market prices for our LIFO-based inventories declined in the fourth quarter, resulting in a credit of $52 million compared to a charge of $23 million last year. For the fiscal year, market prices for our LIFO-based inventories increased, resulting in a pretax charge of $368 million, which was $410 million unfavorable to the prior year.  Other items in the fourth quarter were more or less in line with the prior year with the exception of last year's loss on interest rate swaps. On Slide 13, we're comparing selected balance sheet highlights at June 30, 2011 against our June 30, 2010 balance sheet. I'll walk through the major changes to various asset and liability categories in the following cash flow statement. However, I do want to highlight here that despite rising commodity prices during the year, we have maintained a strong balance sheet and access to liquidity.  Inventory includes approximately $7 billion of readily marketable commodities as of June 30, 2011 compared to $4.9 billion at the end of June 2010. At the end of the quarter, we had in place a $4.6 billion U.S. commercial paper program, of which $4 billion was unused. In addition, we had $2.3 billion of other global credit lines, of which $1.7 billion was available. Slide 14 shows the significant items impacting our cash flows for the past 12 months compared to the prior year's 12-month period. Cash generated from operations, before working capital movements,was $2.9 billion compared to $2.7 billion in the prior year. Higher commodity prices drove the use of $5 billion in cash in our working capital accounts. This is a sizable outflow of cash over a-12-month period. However, in the fourth quarter, we saw a net inflow of working capital of almost $2 billion. Investments in property, plant and equipment were at $1.2 billion for the past 12 months. Including acquisitions, we spent $1.5 billion on CapEx and M&A activities in 2011. The increase in working capital and capital expenditures in investments were funded by a net increase of debt of $2.5 billion. In addition, on June 1, we received $1.75 billion related to the conversion of the equity units.  Also, in the 12 month period, we bought back 9.4 million shares for a total spend of approximately $300 million. As I've indicated in our second and third quarter earnings calls, our intent is to mitigate the impact of the dilutive impact of the equity unit conversion over a 2-year period from June 1. We've already bought back 12 million shares since the original equity unit issuance in 2008 and the benefit plan linked issuances, leaving 32 million shares to buy back. Of course, we want to ensure our balance sheet remains strong enough to help drive strong business result in a period of elevated commodity prices. And to undertake significant strategic investments that could have an impact on the timing and the number of shares we repurchase. Turning to Slide 15, which depicts our financial return measure comparing our historical 4-quarter trailing ROIC against our trailing 4-quarter WACC. As you see, our ROIC was 9.0% and our WACC is currently running around 6.5% for a 250-point positive return over our cost of capital. As you know, our ROIC objective is to earn 200 basis points above WACC over the long-term.  For the fourth quarter, our return on equity, on a trailing 4-quarter LIFO adjusted basis, was 13.3%. Our long-term ROE target is the range of 12% to 14% .
Patricia Woertz: Ray, let me interrupt you here before you turn the call over to Juan. We understand from our conference call service that there was a stock or a hold on our call for the first few slides. So what I'd like to do is summarize briefly my opening comments on Slide 4, and also ask Ray to cover the highlights from Slide 5 and 6. And then we'll go back to the order of Juan covering the current market conditions and then some looks ahead to our 2012 focus areas. I began with safety, covered that, turned to the financial results, which were in the press release, and noted that despite a challenging environment in several of our key markets, ADM delivered solid operating results across all our businesses for the quarter. We earned a record operating profit for the fiscal year with our growing global asset base, our diversified portfolio and the acumen of the ADM team. Since our last call, I covered 7 projects that were part of executing our strategy to drive profitable growth and shareholder returns. These were either project expansions or acquisition. If you would do review the script, you'll see that there were 3 in North America: our expansion of our lysine and threonine production; our acquisition of Cattleman's Choice Loomix; and adding joint venture shuttle train loading elevators as well as ADM facilities to expand our export capability to Asia. In South America, our port facility in Nueva Palmira in Uruguay to, again, connect the South American crops with global markets. In Asia, the premix feed plant in Tianjin, China. In Europe, the grain elevator in the Elbe River in Riesa, Germany. And then this morning, we will announce, with a further press release this morning, a network project we've been working on for some time. It will increase our origination and transportation capabilities along the Danube River. We are adding 12 river elevators, an inland elevator and export elevator on the Black Sea port of Constanta. And this seamless origination in export link is very similar to our networks along the Paraguay River and South America or even along the Mississippi River here in North America.  We've also continued to work to strengthen the ADM organization to drive this profitable growth. And since this is the first call where Juan is joining us, I thought I'd mentioned that since he came to ADM in April, he's been learning our business in perhaps the best way, visiting our operations around the world, meeting with our people, working with the team to develop our fiscal 2012 business plan.  So after Ray finishes the financial results, which he just concluded here, I'd like Juan to talk a bit about, not only the current market conditions, but the focus areas for 2012, which include driving operational excellence, accelerating growth and sustaining ADM's outstanding risk management performance. So looking ahead, we are confident in our people, our assets and our financial strength to deliver profitable growth and value for our shareholders as we serve the vital needs of a growing world. So Ray, perhaps you could summarize your comments associated with Slide 5 and 6. I believe they were able to join the call from our indications at Slide 7.
Ray Young: Okay. Well thanks, Pat. Again, on Slide 5, to give an overview of the financial highlights for the order and also for the fiscal year. You'll see the segment operating profit for the quarter, 11% growth to $888 million. But that was offset, on a net income basis, by higher tax expenses, with our effective tax rate for the quarter going up to 50% in order to get our fiscal year rate in line at a 33% rate.  I just want to kind of highlight that when we estimate tax rates, we do these estimations over the course of the quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, we actually term the actual rate and we effectively true up in the fourth quarter.  As you know, we're a global operations. We generate earnings in multiple jurisdictions around the world. Our mix of earnings varies quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. And our effective tax rates vary significantly by jurisdiction. And so, in last year's, we did the similar type of reconciliation and we had a reduction in terms of our effective tax rate, with a fourth quarter reconciliation. This year, when we did the fourth quarter reconciliation, our tax rate increased. For 2011, our fiscal year rate was atypical, and was impacted by the geographic mix of earnings, more tilted to the U.S. Again, I talked about the segment trends earlier in this call. And secondly, our higher U.S. effective tax rate, as a result of the type of earnings that we generate and the availability of various deductions in credits in any given year. And thirdly, a higher tax expenses due to a stronger-than-estimated Brazilian real currency, at the end of the fiscal year on June 30, generating remeasurement gains that get tax-affected for book tax expense for business. And lastly, we had various true-ups of deferred taxes that result in higher tax expenses in the current period. I also indicate that, for fiscal year 2012, based on current estimates, we do expect our effective tax rate to be in the 28% to 30% range. On Slide 6, we actually, in order to help understand earnings for the quarter and for the fiscal year better, we actually have a slide showing adjusted earnings per share. You can see the various line items in this particularly walk including the LIFO credit we had in the quarter. There was a LIFO charge for the fiscal year. We had some startup cost in the quarter, which we expect to go away in the first quarter. We had a gain on -- from our share of Gruma related to their disposal of shares in the bank that generated a gain that we will result for adjusted earnings per share, and then most significantly, just because of the high effective tax rate for the fourth quarter, if we adjust the 50% effective tax rate for Q4 to the actual 33% fiscal year average rate, there would be a 27% per share of favorable adjustment for our adjusted earnings per share purposes. This is in contrast to last year, where we actually had a favorable fourth quarter adjustment to the tax rate. So for adjusted EPS, we backed that off and that would be a negative $0.06 adjustment.  So after -- considering all these different adjustments, our adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter 2011 would be about $0.69 a share compared to $0.75 on the fourth quarter of 2010. And then similarly, we do the similar exercise for the fiscal year. We estimate adjusted EPS, for fiscal year 2011, to be about $3.45 a share in contrast to 2010 at $3.20 per share. Basically, 8% higher for the fiscal year despite the 7 points of higher effective tax rate in fiscal 2011 compared to 2010. So with that, let me turn it over to Juan who'll provide a overview of the current market conditions as well as insights in 2012. Juan?
Juan Luciano: Thank you, Ray. Good morning. Could you please turn to Slide 16? I'll try to speak slowly today so you can get to my -- used to my South American accent, I guess.  First, I will provide an update about the market conditions as we see them today. On the supply side, U.S. corn and soybean supplies are tight. Overall global crop supplies remain adequate following a good world wheat harvest and a record soybean harvest in South America. And we continue to monitor crop progress and harvest in Europe, North America and China. In the core markets, the USDA projects the U.S. all crop corn carryout at 880 billion bushels, which is tight. The USDA projects the current U.S. corn crop at 13.5 billion bushels with a carryout of 870 million bushels for the crop year '11 and '12. Oilseeds. Projected oil crop U.S. soybean carryout remains at 200 million bushels, also relatively tight. The current U.S. soybean crop is projected to be 3.2 billion bushels, a carryout of 370 million bushels. In South America, soybean crop was a record 136 million metric tons as farmers have been reluctant sellers of all crop beans.  The global grapeseed crop is projected to be 58.8 million metric tons, down from 59.2 million metric tons last year. Wheat. World wheat production for the '11, '12 crop year is projected at 662 million metric tons. Global wheat ending stocks are projected to be 182 million metric tons. An adequate global supply although we have seen some quality issues. In cocoa, conditions in the Cte dIvoire are substantially stabilized, and we have resumed our resourcing and processing operation. On the demand side, we see continuing good global demand for grain. We are continuing to adjust oilseed crushing rates between regions to meet our customer demand in the most margin-effective way. Global oilseed processing capacity is more than sufficient to meet current market requirements, which is the breadth in spot crush margin. Incapacity additions have slowed and the industry will grow into this capacity over time. The U.S. biodiesel industry is running to meet market needs and is helping produce U.S. vegetable oil inventories from record levels. Biodiesel demand remains strong in South America and Europe.  There has been a little forward buying by protein meal customers. Global demand for all protein meal is projected to grow by 4% for the '11-'12 crop year. Ethanol spot prices are similar to unleaded gasoline while the excise tax credit at a $0.45 per gallon benefit to the volume. These are directive economics, customers are blending ethanol to the maximum allowable levels. Spot ethanol margins are positive. Our regional margin challenges and dislocation in the U.S. corn supply have caused some plants to reduce production. ADMs unsurpassed logistical capabilities have assured consistent supplies of corn to our processing facility. The EPA has finalized the labeling requirements for E15. We expect to see implementation on a regional basis as early as this fall, led by the farm states. The implementation of E15 will help improve capacity utilization and should be positive for industry margin starcher. Adoption of E15 will be driven by blender economics. By the way, studies show that 10% ethanol blending is reducing U.S. gasoline prices. But blender's rate of 15% has the chance to mitigate gas prices to an even greater extent. U.S. corn-based ethanol remains the cheapest ethanol in the world. Industry exports, which do not receive an excise tax credit, are at 400 million gallons for the first half of this calendar year. Rising demand and margins remain strong.  Corn sweetener demand, driven by exports to Mexico and Canada, remains strong as well. Industry sweetener export volumes are in place to grow by 15% or more in 2011. Cornstarch, corn sweetener capacity utilization is high and supplies are tight. Good demand for our corn and wheat meal products, we're optimistic about sweetener and starch pricing for the 2012 contract year. Wheat milling is a good capacity utilization in the U.S. and Canada with softer conditions in the U.K. Cocoa powder demand is strong, and spot cocoa processing margins remain strong as well. As this is our first conversation of the new fiscal year, I thought I'd give you a sense of our focus areas for fiscal year 2012. Please turn to Slide 17.  Last month, we completed our annual business planning process. In addition to developing specific plans to grow our business, we reviewed our existing operations and identified the opportunities for improvement. We will drive operational excellence through our core model. We have room to meaningfully improve our safety, energy efficiency, procurement, logistics and maintenance. We will drive results in this area by focusing on clear accountability and rigorous measurement. We will accelerate growth. We will grow our core model outside the U.S. by executing region-specific growth plans and by enhancing the ability of our regional leaders to identify and pursue opportunity. We'll work with customers to explore opportunities to expand our value-added businesses and this growth will all be supported by our enhanced capital allocation processes that Ray has detailed in prior investor presentation. During the annual planning process, we reviewed about $3 billion of CapEx projects, and we decided to target our fiscal year 2012 CapEx at about $2 billion. Approximately half of that will be non-U.S. investments, and a significant portion of the U.S. investment will be to serve export markets. Of course, as we grow, vital that we do not lose a beat on risk management, one of the core competencies of ADM. And this remains an essential capability going forward. To ensure continued performance in this area, I have appointed a 35-year veteran of ADM and the President of our Agricultural Services business, Craig Huss, chair ADM's Risk Management Committee. The committee meets regularly to coordinate ADM's overall positioning strategies, comprised of our business units presidents, the merchandiser, John Rice, and me. We have an exciting opportunity to grow our company, and I believe we have the right priorities to drive results for our shareholders.  Now I turn the call back over to Pat.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Juan. I think the work that you and your team are doing to ensure operational excellence, drive growth and sustain our risk management success, will accelerate our progress in 2012 and strengthen our performance in the long-term. Now John will join Juan, Ray and me for the question and answers. And operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Juan, I was curious about your slide when you pointed out the focus areas for fiscal '12 for driving growth. And I know you don't give guidance but if you looked at the areas of the business that you think are poised for growth in fiscal '12, what areas would you point to?
Juan Luciano: Sure, Robert. Yes. Thanks for your question. Listen, we see the international expansion of Oilseeds and that has continued. It's going on in Paraguay with our processing facility that will be on the stream mid-2012. We continue to make investments in India as we have announced, and we are looking at more opportunities in Eastern Europe as we announced early on today. Ag Services is also expanding a global footprint. We highlighted the port in Nueva Palmira in Uruguay. This is, again, around the infrastructure we're building around Paraguay and Uruguay, we're aiming to capture all the origination in that area. Obviously, in South America, we report our services within the Oilseed divisions so you might see these inside the Oilseed highlights. And then you see in all this Black Sea activity that we have, you see the announcement this morning about Ag Services building some elevators to create our network around the Danube River as we have it again reproducing what we did over the years in the Mississippi River and in the Paraguay River. I think those are the highlights, if you will. Obviously, all the businesses have their respective growth plans but I will consider those the highlights of them.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: And then the CapEx budget is higher than I expected at $2 billion. Is there going to be a return on that capital investment as early as fiscal '12? Because I think Ray laid out that some of these projects have a pretty quick return. Maybe it's a question for Ray. What percent of the CapEx do you think has a positive return in '12, and is it consistent with historical rates of return or is it kind of pushed out?
Patricia Woertz: Rob, let me start this and then we'll go around here. I think we'd all have something to contribution here. I think the strength of thinking about having $3 billion or even a little more than $3 billion, in a possible pipeline for the year, is good news. That means there are positive-return projects that well exceed our cost of capital that whether they be longer-term projects or even acquisitions or incremental expansion, we have quite a pipeline. So then, we might look at our scenario associated with the cash that we're willing to spend outside of maybe major acquisition or something like that. We'd be willing to spend in this arena that has not only positive returns for the short-term. We actually prioritize a fair number of them that would have shorter payout period -- in a shorter payout timeframe than longer. So our $2 billion is a combination of the priorities that associate with that. Some are actually -- we've talked about pillars of organic, some are new construction, some are acquisitions. And the timing of the profit certainly will vary but our pipeline is full enough that we can prioritize along those lines.
Ray Young: Yes. Let me build on Pat's point. I've mentioned in prior Investor Presentations that we want to really look at this as a portfolio approach. So when you look at our portfolio approach, you're going to have a combination of a lot of investments that generate short-term returns. I've highlighted, in different presentations, that we've done a lot. We're good at doing a lot of these smaller projects with paybacks that are fairly short, generating good returns. We do not intend to slow down on those. And we have a good pipeline of those smaller investments that generate good returns in the short-term so we'll continue to do that. But as Juan indicated, we do want to also focus on some investments strategically outside of North America or to drive growth. And so, from our perspective, the nice thing is with $3 billion worth of opportunities, we can actually do a sort prioritization in order to come up with a portfolio that balances our short-term considerations and long-term growth.
Juan Luciano: Yes. Robert, let me give you some granularity. As I said, when we went through the 2012 planning process, we wanted to highlight all the opportunities available to us and then we highlighted this $3 billion. As Ray was describing as part of our balanced approach, certainly, low cash selection and prioritization of these opportunities based on the immediacy of the returns and balancing ROC with operating profits forecast. To give you a flavor for it, of the different projects we have in the fourth quarter, we implemented 60 of these small projects that Ray were referring to. These are projects that maybe are in the range of $10 million each but this gave us very quick returns. But in the same quarter, we executed 6 M&A projects that are larger for us and can maybe, they have a little bit longer payback. But we, constantly, are looking at that with a lot of discipline to make sure that we are allocating the capital in a balanced approach.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Is there any way you can give us some clarity on at least the $2 billion or even the $3 billion, what percent are these smaller projects with high returns and what percent are kind of longer term?
Ray Young: Yes, Rob. We really can't give you any guidance on that. I think the guidance that we want to convey in this conference call is that there is going to be more of a priority in terms of the international investments as we just kind of drive growth there. And even on the international side, there are a lot of smaller investments, which basically generate near-term returns. So the model that we've applied here in North America, we want to also apply that model in our international operations. And we've got like, good operations in South America, they're well-established. So again, they are looking at these organic growth opportunities to drive incremental earnings in the long-term as well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Yes, I'm having a tough time with this conference call this morning. So just curious. Pat, just a quick statement here, and then maybe you'd respond to it. But I mean I've covered this thing for more than a decade. I don't recall a period of profit variance in corn and sweeteners quarter-by-quarter that's been this extreme. Because it seems to be a mark-to-market issue, it seems like the company should have known that this was likely to be an issue this quarter. I mean, $9 million of profit is almost 0. That's quite a surprise, I think to the market and all of us on the outside today. But there was really no guidance given on this particular issue. I mean, I realize you guys have difficulties on some of these topics. But it does seem like giving some guidance on very specific and large-magnitude items does not seem to be unreasonable. ADM stock has gotten killed in the last 3 months and I would argue that some of it is going to be related to these issues. And I hear just an enormous number of comments from people talking about visibility, and it's on days like today that people say, "Well, you see, you can't predict it." And sure , I can't predict it if there's big mark-to-market corn gains that are taken in fiscal Q1 and Q2, but they're not called out so that we then, are almost by definition, going to get our forecast wrong. So honestly, it's a little frustration on this side of the fence and would really appreciate it if you guys would consider it, plus I believe it would be in your interest to do so given your stocks performance. So that's a statement. I don't know if you want to respond to it at all.
Patricia Woertz: Sure, David. I think your comment about visibility into a volatile area, whether it's Corn Processing or you kind of made some comments that are quite broad. I'd refer to some of Ray's comments earlier on the Corn Processing operating profit segment itself and the subsegments related to sweeteners and starches and bioproducts. And that we have reminded listeners before that we generally run a hedged book for our Corn Processing business and how the -- and with higher pricing, we had favorable margins in the 2011 contractor year for our Sweetener business. However, sometimes we recognize a lot of the benefits of our economic hedges in -- when marking to market in prior quarters and when we allocate those gains on our accounting basis between sweeteners and starches and the bioproducts business based on grind, it doesn't always align the accounting results with the economic results. We not only acknowledge that, that thinking about going forward, having a way to look at various approaches that do align better with economics -- with those economic results and the accounting results. I think we're making an effort, as well, each quarter, to provide more transparency to what we can and where we can. And I know that's one of the efforts that Ray has undertaken both with our returns, both on looking at segments, looking at GAAP adjustments, which we've added several slides and papers and primers associated with our GAAP adjustments. It's not an area that is even as transparent as it could be to us sometimes, as obviously markets move. And particularly, as you get to quarter-end of particular markets, there are adjustments in the crop prices, et cetera. And those things can swing quite a bit. We can have quite a bit of variability.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Right. I'll say one more comment and then, I'll just move to my quick question. It would just be that if in Q1 and Q2 of this fiscal year, you had very large mark-to-market gains on corn that was to be used in a future period, I think you should've called that out, whether you know the allocation between sweeteners or bioproducts, I understand that maybe you don't. But if you knew that you had roughly $750 million of operating profits in Corn Processing in Q1 and Q2 and yet, a significant portion of it was due to mark-to-market corn that would be used in later quarters, that information is extremely helpful. And those of us on the outside really can use that and that was not apparent to us. And I believe I can say that for consensus. So I would ask you to consider that. In terms of just going forward, my question then on this business is, since we saw relatively, no profitability in corn sweeteners because of mark-to-market, your high-fructose contract year is a calendar year and doesn't, of course, correspond to your fiscal year. Since I'm seeing like no profitability in that business right now, does that mean that in the next 2 quarters, I should continue to see no profitability because all the profits were booked earlier in fiscal Q1 and fiscal Q2 of '11 because of the corn mark-to-market? So we should -- I'm thinking than what we need to then is to go to, basically, 0 to $10 million in profits on corn sweeteners for the next 2 quarters until you get in the next contract -- real contracts on the calendar basis. Hopefully that question was clear.
Patricia Woertz: Yes. I'm going to ask John to comment about 2 things here.
John Rice: David, your assumptions are going to be correct there just because of how the hedges were executed with the company. So the next 2 quarters, you'll still have some mark-to-market with our corn positions. And as you know, at the end of June, and just how the market closes on one -- at the end of one quarter to the next quarter, can have a material effect on how that is brought on the sweeteners. But yes, you should see that same effect for quarter 3 and 4 -- some of that effect, I'm sorry, for quarters 1 and 2.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Of the next -- of fiscal '12?
John Rice: Yes.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: You hadn't talked much about the outlook for ethanol policy aside from your E15 comments. It looks like now, with the ethanol tax credit kind of out of the current legislation and pushed out until maybe the end of the year, gives you a lot of breathing room. I'm wondering, how are you -- are you doing anything differently to run this business today in light of the fact that, that tax credit, perhaps, could go away at the end of the year? And then what is your outlook for biodiesel going into next year in light of that political uncertainty?
Patricia Woertz: Maybe I'll start and Juan may want to juild on this. We are -- kind of you're right, the debt still [ph] in agreement does not include a provision, which alters the V-tax so it was due to expire at the end of the year. I think that -- we'll continue to educate Congress about the importance of ethanol, et cetera. But I think the opportunity to -- as you know, margins are a bit up at the current period. So I think this will be an important time to think about E15 as being the more important of the public-policy issues and implementation, I should say, of public policy issues related to getting more fuel into the system. We do see that the Midwestern Governors Association and farm states, so to speak, are looking at quicker ways or a way to be the leaders in implementing E15 and it will take some of that leadership to get it into this network. And maybe I'll let Juan comment on the biodiesel question.
Juan Luciano: Sure, Christine, yes. Biodiesel, at the moment, is -- we have a strong demand. The mandate requires 800 million gallons in 2011. That's helping to reduce veg oil inventories. And we're seeing good demand from South America and Europe in that sense, too, so that is helping our Oilseeds business.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And essentially, no change in the mandate as you see it, going into next year, at least at this point?
Juan Luciano: The number of gallons increases for the next year so that's obviously not this point in time.
Operator: And The next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from Banc of Montral.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In the spirit of greater transparency, can you tell us how much mark-to-market was in the Oilseed business? I know last quarter you told us that it was going to be roughly about $100 million. Is that still the case for this quarter, and what about going forward?
Ray Young: In the Oilseeds business, it's probably less mark-to-market effects there. And we actually see the results in the Oilseeds for this quarter -- we actually, as I indicated, we had strong results in North America. And so, that really helped in terms of our results. And then I also highlighted that there was a GAAP timing reversal, which we had called out in our last call. And if you recall, I called it out saying that it would be similar to what we saw in the second quarter and as it turned out, we were actually fairly accurate, actually, in terms of our estimation here. So it was slightly less than $100 million in terms of favorable GAAP timing adjustment. Going forward, in the spirit of transparency, in going forward, we still have some to reverse out in the Oilseeds division. It's not as significant as what we've reversed out in the third quarter. And this would probably reverse out over the course of the first 2 fiscal quarters in 2012.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So would it be relatively fair to say that somewhere between the about $50 million benefit for the next 2 -- over the next 2 quarters? Just to kind of -- and then we can model based on what we think's in front of them?
Ray Young: Probably, it's the order of magnitude, I think for your purposes, you can go with for the purchase [ph] of modeling.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Horst Hueniken from Stifel Nicolaus.
Horst Hueniken - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The fourth quarter results show that margins in the oilseeds industry remain under pressure. You're saying now, and have said in the past, that this industry segments' supply-demand balance should eventually improve driven by a demand growth exceeding capacity additions. That said, we're not yet seeing evidence of improvement in ADM's numbers, which leaves me wondering if Oilseed margins may compress further first, before expanding later. Are you able to comment on when the Oilseed industry margins might begin to consistently expand?
Juan Luciano: Yes, good morning, this is Juan. Obviously, as you described, the margins in the Oilseed industry remain challenged. Demand continues to grow into capacity but there is overcapacity, and we're going to have to see how demand evolves, first, before we call in for a recovery on this. So our forecast is that margin will remain challenged for the foreseeable future.
Horst Hueniken - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Do you see them compressing even further?
Juan Luciano: I think -- as I said, it all depends on how the demand evolves. At this point in time, yield supply is light, I mean, demand is light especially for export, and biodiesel is the positive side. As I said, I would say, within the range, it continues to be challenged. I won't call it one way or the other.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from Banc of Montral.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Juan, I have a question for you. What are the key findings, so far, that you're finding when you're going through the operations and how much operational improvements, excluding whatever the change in the market conditions are, do you expect to actually see as a result in the next, call it, 12 months, 18 months? How do you see the operational improvement? And then can you put some sort of quantification on it?
Juan Luciano: No, I won't. But I can qualify some of my findings. Listen, I think you see there is margin compression both in oilseeds and in ethanol and I think it's critically important that we keep a very good cost position. These are very complex facilities, highly integrated, and where efficiencies are needed to be pursued every day. So I think that the team is very cost-conscious but I think there's always opportunities, as I described in my remarks, to improve in energy efficiency,in maintenance and everything a little bit better, our global scaling procurement. So we're working at all that. I think, again, we are confident that we have, probably, the best cost position and we want to maintain that position.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Roberts from Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I thought one of the other accounting issues that we had in prior quarters where some of the Ag Services activity is showing up in the processing segment, stuff out of Latin America not being, maybe, like allocated to the right segments. Do we have any of that in the current quarter? And I ask that because China's had a lot of, call it at least, rumored ordering activities recently. Did that benefit you at all in the current quarter or do we have some of that coming in the quarter coming up?
Ray Young: John, this is Ray Young here. First of all, we didn't have a problem in terms of the allocation of Ag Services profits. We've been very transparent that when we look at our Ag Services segment in South America, the result of Ag Services are booked in to Oilseeds division. So therefore, I mean, we've been very, very transparent about that point. On Ag Services, I think, maybe what you're referring to is the fact that when you're -- we're looking at the Ag Services result in the prior quarters, we indicated that our run rates are really about $150 million to $200 million per quarter but we emphasized that separately, any of the Ag Services profitability related to South America, that's over and beyond the $150 million and $200 million, and that's really booked in the Oilseeds division of South America. And secondly, in terms of Ag Services, the reason why we have the Ag Services operations in the Oilseeds division in South America is the fact that we run and integrate the operations in South America. So really, the team that runs the Oilseeds group in South America also runs the Ag Services. And that's the reason why we include that in that particular segment.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So did we have any strength in that Ag Services activity that was helping Oilseeds, I guess, in the quarter just reported? And in the current quarter, will we see strength in either Oilseeds or Corn related to China activity?
Ray Young: I guess, that means in terms of -- are you referring to South America here, John or?
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Well, I was referring to the issue that we had last quarter. So were -- was anything stronger? Did we have strength in merchandising activity out of South America that would have helped your reported results in Oilseeds? And then, second part of that question is with the strong ordering in Corn, at least, in China in the last quarter doing -- in the current quarter coming up, this is a separate issue, will we see some strength here in Ag Services this quarter because of that activity that China's reportedly had?
Ray Young: Well, first of all, again, I just want to emphasize, John, that we didn't have any issue in terms of how we walk Ag Services' profitability. In this particular quarter in South America, I did mention we had some weaker results in South America compared to last year's fourth quarter. That was really driven primarily due to a weak crush margin environment in South America. So we've been under margin pressure. As Juan indicated, the farmers have been reluctant sellers of beans. So that kind of hurts our crush margins in the South American operations. In addition, we've had some start up issues related to our barge operations in Paraguay. I mean those things are going to go away. So therefore, in terms of our South American results, I have to say that really, the weakness really is primarily driven by the weaker crush margin environment that we'd call.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of follow-ups. Just on -- first Ray, I guess, on the tax rate for the full year in 2011, just how much of the I guess, the variance relative to what you were budgeting was just -- was geographic mix? And how much of -- what effect did the tax rate in the full year was just a few discreet items, I guess, some settlements of deferred tax issues in the past? I'm just trying to sort out how much of it was just the natural course of the business and how much of it was more of just one-off events?
Ray Young: I mean, I think it means -- there's a multitude of factors. I mean, I listed like 4 of them but within each of these, there's a bunch of other factors. It actually was a complicated reconciliation process that we had here. And clearly, the geographic mix was one of the factors. Fourth quarter of this year turned out to be significantly, gets surprisingly strong for North America. I mean, I think I mentioned the margin environment in North America is somewhat challenged in oilseeds but it seemed to do extremely well in North America. And one thing I do want to emphasize is oftentimes we focus a lot on soy crush but we had strengths, really, with this entire portfolio. And I just want to emphasize that point, is where that soft seeds portfolio really performed well in the fourth quarter and the fiscal year. So that really kind of exceeded our expectations in terms of how North America performed. In a similar vein, I mentioned that we had some weakness in South America due to, really, a tough margin environment there. We also had weakness in our European crush operations. Again, the grapeseed margins are somewhat challenged in Europe right now, in the fourth quarter. And lastly, international merchandising was not as strong as we had thought. So, I think, I could say geographic mix, I would say, was the largest contributor in terms of the tax-rate variance. The other factors, like I mentioned, the Brazilian currency movement, the deferred tax issues, and there is also a number of U.S. effective tax-rate issues. These are like permanent items that showed up during the reconciliation process and these items came up as we kind of closed our fourth quarter books, so we're in the process of finalizing our 2010 U.S. tax returns right now. And so, I mean, we discovered a lot of information when we actually went through the fourth quarter close process that results in our U.S. effective tax rate also being higher due to some of these unique items, permanent items. So after we've considered all that and then we thought about 2012, that's the reason why considering the business plan that we're working through right now for 2012, considering a lot of these unique items that will not replicate itself in 2012, that's the reason why we provide a guidance of a 28% to 30% range in order to help you, guys, with your modeling.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So that partially reflects some band of where you think, geographically, where your profits will come from? And then whatever you've discovered in terms of more permanent changes in taxes, that's all reflected in that figure?
Ray Young: Okay. That's our best estimate considering the adjustments we made in the fourth quarter, considering what we know regarding our business plan for 2012. And so, it's everything that we know is what -- how we arrived at a range. And frankly, that's the reason why we came up with a range as opposed to a point estimate because it is difficult to forecast.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes. You're -- just given the geographic mix that you have, it would be surprising if your tax rate wasn't volatile.
Ray Young: Yes, exactly. Exactly.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then on the capital spending plan, the $2 billion, is that all pure CapEx or does that also assume some acquisitions? I just want to make sure that I was -- I thought I'd caught somewhere in you comments that, that also includes maybe making some acquisitions or would acquisitions be on top of that?
Ray Young: That would include acquisitions as well. And it would include our normal course of acquisition. Actually, we look at a major strategic acquisition that's a different story altogether, right? And so by -- on $2 billion, which is our normal course of capital spending and normal acquisition that we will be making.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then if I understood your response, I guess, to Rob Moscow's question in terms of trying to understand earnings accretion and/or kind of return profile for that mix. Based on the mix, being roughly 50-50, it may be neutral this year to returns but then, begin to add or be accretive to returns in earnings for 2013. Is that roughly right?
Ray Young: It's hard to estimate that. I mean, I'd really be cautious on giving guidance on this particular issue. I mean, we're still evaluating the projects right now. So we're working through it ourselves in terms of how we want to set up the portfolio, the balance to short term and the long term.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one last one. I guess for Juan, I just -- I do understand the fourth quarter came in a little bit differently than, maybe, what people were thinking but if you look at the whole year, and ADM had a pretty good year. And I guess if you look today at all of the variables in the market, kind of where crop conditions are and supplies of certain crops, and just is the environment any different as you look out over the next 12 months as it would've been sort of standing where, a year ago? I mean, it seems like there's always some moving part but the overall operating environment is actually pretty good. Is that fair?
Juan Luciano: Bryan, let me tell you because I've been studying this and obviously, the environment changes daily and it's probably different today, the scenario, than when we put together the 2012 plan 3 years ago but I would say that what I noticed is that regardless of the scenario, the ADM team has been able to deliver. So as we look at the path of earnings growth over the last 4 or 5 years, all those years have the different crops, different scenario, different volatilities. And then in the way those profits were created were always different but the team was able to deliver. So I would say, yes, it's volatile. I think we put together a plan that keep us in our path so I'm comfortable about it. I'm confident about the plan.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Hey, I just -- I was one of the ones who sort of missed your first section of the call. So I'm just -- in Corn Processing, I guess I look at the quarter and your commentary to Dave's question about what you expect over the next couple of quarters. And I guess I'm just questioning -- I mean, you talked about exports to Mexico are strong. I think you got pretty good pricing this year. I guess my question is, if profitability on a spot basis is so low in Corn Processing, why don't you dial back what you're -- how you're operating your plants? Because wouldn't -- if you dialed it back, wouldn't that drop the price of corn? I guess I'm just -- I'm like, why are you shipping so much to Mexico if you're not making that much margin, is I guess, my question and how can -- what can you do to improve it on a spot basis?
Patricia Woertz: I'll ask John to comment here, he looks anxious.
John Rice: It's how the corn was brought to market. We have bought -- when we made our sweeteners contracts, we bought our corn and then, as the market was rising, we were bringing a lot of those profits to market. And as I mentioned with David, you saw the futures market close down limit due to a government crop report, so it also has an effect to how we bring our corn to market. When you look at a spot margin on new sales to Mexico or to Canada, we have very good margins. But we have commitments on our fructose that we are shipping against corn already hedged and bought. So on an absolute spot basis, when we're making sales, we do have very good margins. But if you take a look at what your -- our forward contracts are and our commitments, and relating that to spot corn, the margins are not as good. When you look at the rest of the portfolio, lysine, all of our bioproducts have good margins in that business and that -- we tend to sell lysine 3 to 6 months out forward, that corn is also hedged. When you take a look at ethanol, we have, as you've probably seen in the last 30 to 40 days, we've had very good margins in the ethanol business. So -- but your original comment was correct. If we did very bad spot margins, yes, we would look at shutting down operations. But we have commitments that we have to do on any new business we are doing, we have very good margins. I'd just say, does that answer your question?
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Yes, I think pretty clear. And then I guess, on the ethanol side. Do you have any intelligence on how much you think blenders are kind of blending ahead of the expiration of the credit? What that might do in terms of as we move out of 2011 and the credit is not renewed, what it would do to your expectation on margins in calendar 2012?
Patricia Woertz: I don't think we could...
John Rice: It's going to be a capacity issue again. The mandate goes up but we still have excess capacity. The reasons we're seeing good margins nearby is we're seeing a lot that capacity shut down due to the availability of corn supply.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. So how much do you think has been taken off line in the last 3 months because of tight corn into, say, the eastern part of the belt?
Juan Luciano: Yes, Diane. I think it's about 400 million to 600 million gallons on an annualized basis.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. Do you think that, that stays off if the crop is not so hot? And as we move into 2012, we are just at a lower level of total production on ethanol?
Juan Luciano: I think some of that could come up with the harvest and some of that may stay down.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. But it's still too early because we don't really know what the corn crop will look like. Is that your message?
Juan Luciano: Got you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin from Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: I wanted to return to the discussion about demand globally and with continued challenges in many markets and a continued challenge to consumer also in many markets, have you made any changes to what you're thinking about for demand, globally, for products for fiscal '12?
Patricia Woertz: I think we assume that -- well, as you know, global protein demand is projected to grow at about a rate of 4% and it is a global business. So we look at the opportunity to balance by region and we have the flexibility to do that going forward. So I think our plans, our scenario plans, so to speak, that allow flexibility by region depending on how demand continues to progress.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: And how should we think about Europe? The weakness that's been persistent in Europe, how should we think about that in '12?
Ray Young: We really haven't seen any reductions in demand for our products right now. I mean, clearly, we're monitoring the situation. I mean, I think that like all of us -- any business in the world right now is monitoring the economic developments over in Europe. But basically, when you look at a lot of the products that we're shipping, we haven't seen any reductions in our business.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Okay. And then so one more question on the Corn segment. Fiscal '11 benefited from solid volume and pricing. Do you think those dynamics can continue in fiscal '12?
Juan Luciano: Anne, I think that on the sweeteners side, I think, that we see that continue and we see that tightening continue. We see the export to Mexico continue to grow. We expect sugar prices to be high. That provides an advantage, and also, you not only have the cost advantage but you have the handling advantage of high fructose corn syrup. So we expect that to continue. And if E15 is going to be implemented, it started in the fall, we see that as a positive too to balance sales growth.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I just have a sort of consolidating question on some of the earlier questions and it relates to the way that where growth has been used in the slides and then in the call and in the Q&A. Maybe Pat, when you guys put your fiscal '12 plan together, is it fair to say that you anticipate operating profit growth and EPS growth off of that sort of adjusted base that you guys used in the slide?
Patricia Woertz: Well, it's always a trick question to ask about guidances and so we won't provide guidance. But I will say that our expectations over the long term, when I use the term growth, I am talking about profitable growth or earnings growth. So our longer-term objectives are for staying on a gliding path of earnings growth and I think it's important to note that, that's both the objective because we believe it drives shareholder value as well as returns that are strong over our WACC. So earnings growth plus those strong returns over WACC and a compelling strategy in this international area that we've been talking about growing out our footprint, those 3 factors are what drive shareholder growth. So in the short-term environment, one can -- that's always the reason why a company like ours doesn't provide guidance but our objective is for that earnings growth, yes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So you're not willing to commit to that's what's in your plan for '12 but you're obviously willing to say that, that's what you're going to try to do and one could read that to say that you believe it's possible?
Patricia Woertz: Exactly, yes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then secondly, just some question on oilseeds particularly in Europe. There's some stuff in the press about the EU maybe changing the emission standards on biodiesel in a way that would not favor rapeseed. Could you comment, at all about what you think that might do to European margins?
Ray Young: There's always new legislation coming out of Europe when it comes to a lot of these biodiesel programs, whether it's sustainable, how you define sustainability. At the current time, we don't see that to be an issue right now. But when you talk about different legislations, Europe is, and has had, a long-term policy of trying to find more renewables and with the farmers there, it's been such a big issue. I, personally, don't think that they will change out of that.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just lastly, on biodiesel in the U.S. John, I think you said earlier that the -- or someone said earlier that the view was that the mandate next year is enough to sort of keep the demand from biodiesel on the Oilseeds side status quo and I just want to clarify that if the tax credit associated with biodiesel expires as well, at the end of the year, you don't believe there will be a change in margins due to that. Is that fair?
John Rice: Well, it is. But you also have other variables in there. You have how many rins are carried over. So I think that will come into the equation as the tax credit goes away but as long as you have the mandate, you still see the demand should be coming.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And John, maybe I can ask you one more on exports to Brazil. I've seen some people writing about the potential that Brazil might need to actually import a substantial amount of U.S. ethanol in the coming years based on sort of where their balance of ethanol and sugar is. Is that a view that you think is realistic?
John Rice: Brazil tends to change their blending rates a lot. So any time that they tend to get a little short at ethanol, which we're seeing right now, they tend to reduce their blending rates. Now, if they keep their blending rates, high, yes, I could see them importing a lot. But the infrastructure, really, isn't set up for them to be importing very much so it would make it a little tougher. But as long as you keep the blend rates high and with their shorter crop and the demand, yes, that could happen.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, just a last question on the Corn Processing side. I guess the thing that I'm just trying to reconcile in my own head is that if I go back to '07 or '08 when we had high and volatile corn prices, I just don't remember the -- I guess, my question is, has something changed about the way the accounting treatment that you're using in the Corn Processing segment today versus, let's say, '07, '08 in terms of how you're booking things? Just because I don't remember there being such huge swings in where the hedge gains, or what have you, were being reported or is there something else different, entirely, between those 2 time periods?
John Rice: I hate to say, I don't totally recall back how the operating profits were broken off back then. But how we really look at things, as we've mentioned in the past, it's a global book on how we want to look and how we want to run our business. Now if we think ownership is better in something else as opposed to one other -- a commodity is over another, we'll take a look at that.
Patricia Woertz: But we've certainly had more grind since 2007, 2008 when -- more bioproducts grind so that's one aspect of it that would have changed in the allocation of the hedged against the grind. So that would be different. But the process would have been.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Is that just also because the bioproduct tends to be more spot oriented relative to the sweeteners and starches, which tends to be more forward sold?
Patricia Woertz: Yes. Exactly.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone from Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess Pat, when you're talking about the CapEx that is a little bit higher than what I was projecting, and I'm thinking about other investments that you noted like you're biodiesel facility in Santa Catarina in Brazil. And I guess my question is this quarter, Ray noted that in the biodiesel area, profits were lower in South America. So I'm just curious whether if the market can handle that capacity. I think it increases your capacity 50%. What are the dynamics like in biodiesel there? I think we're at B5, and if the market doesn't go to B7 next year, are margins in biodiesel still going to be strong enough to basically handle that capacity?
Patricia Woertz: Yes. I'll start here, Christina, that I think the biodiesel business in Brazil is a good one longer-term. We feel very comfortable with that even if there are few -- if we go through a few bumps to get to the higher blend levels. I think both our locations of our plants as well as our investment and what we've seen in the regional demands should be good for the foreseeable future. Anything anybody wants to add to that?
Ray Young: I think long term, Brazil has been working at increasing their biodiesel blend rates all the way up to 10%. So even if they wait maybe a year just because of crop supplies or something like that, I'd be surprised if they don't eventually increase at 7% up to 10%.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then I guess just a last question, because I know we're late. Following up on Christine's line of questioning. So if the tax credit does expire at the end of this year, which does look very likely, and I think it does put a lot of importance on E15 especially with ethanol trading in line with gasoline. Pat, what sort of incremental investments need to be made? It seems like it may not be necessarily an easy adoption and now I'm seeing a lot of legislation come out to prevent any sort of federal funding for E15 infrastructure, so I'd just appreciate your take on that.
Patricia Woertz: Well there's a couple of things that would support, continue to support E15. I mentioned that the state is expected to be early adopters in the farm states. There is registration associated with the actual health effects of the fuel. There's state regulatory issues to get through, there is some octane certification, there is some fire code issues,et cetera. The actual investments that blenders need to make or at the retail site is actually conversion of whatever tankage they might have and then the actual labeling, which, I think, the labels have now been approved and they have the appropriate language on it, et cetera. So I think there's as much administrative push even more so than investment push to get the states in line and get the leadership going. We expect that to begin some time in the fall so it's something that we should see start to happen even before the year end.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tom Graves from Standard & Poor's.
Thomas Graves - S&P Equity Research: Yes. Equity analyst at Standard & Poor's. Just to clarify on the ethanol situation, would it be your anticipation that if the tax credit goes away, you would potentially have a larger net impact in the first half of the new fiscal year with possibly some offset from E15 coming favorably into the mix in the second half of the year?
Patricia Woertz: Well, it's actually blender economics that drive the full blending rate. So the expiration of the tax credit, probably, would have little impact where you would see E15 having the more beneficial impact. And again, the farther through the year you go, the more states that adopt it, the more it gets into the market, so better that will be. So to argue that would be for a continued improvement.
Operator: The next question comes from the line Amon Wilkes from Gabelli & Company.
Amon Wilkes - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: This is Amon Wilkes from Gabelli & Company. I had a question, a few questions, I guess, first just a follow-up on the ethanol. Is there any fear that there -- beyond the tax credit that they can remove the tariff on ethanol and potentially get imports from Brazil. And I guess, at what price do you think ethanol needs to be at before that's economical?
Ray Young: If the tariff comes off currently, in Brazil, Brazilian ethanol, on an FOB port basis, is so much higher than the ethanol. So it will not come into the United States. As a matter of fact, like I mentioned earlier, we're seeing exports from the United States down to Brazil. That's why in the thoughts of free trade, we like to see Brazil keep their blending rates high. So in terms of years like this, we would be exporting a lot more ethanol and really make it a more of a free trade in the ethanol business, instead of them lowering and raising their blend rates accordingly.
Amon Wilkes - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And I guess the real question, the crux of the question was, do you see -- at what price does the U.S. ethanol need to be at before it's economical for Brazilian? Do you have an estimate of that or do you...
Ray Young: Currently, I do not, right now. But as the market's constantly moving all the time since our ethanol prices have gone up here, $0.45 compared to gasoline here in the last month, we're not as economical as we were 30 days ago. Now as that starts to -- if it comes down as more plants comes on, it would be economical. It could actually happen within the next 30 days. I'm sorry were you talking about Brazilian ethanol coming to United States?
Amon Wilkes - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Yes, I was.
Ray Young: Okay, I'm sorry. I do not see that happening this year as tight as the balance sheet for ethanol is in Brazil.
Amon Wilkes - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. The question really goes around if -- at what price it would happen what U.S. ethanol need to be at for that to happen? I've heard estimates of anywhere from $3.25 to $3.65.
Ray Young: Well, it depends on what the price of unleaded gasoline is, it depends on what the government sets the price of gasoline in Brazil, it depends on what the harvest is and the supply situation is in Brazil at any given time. It's not -- it's a very fluid market. It changes every day.
Amon Wilkes - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. I guess, my next question centers around the tax increase for this year. So I just wanted to get a sense of what -- at the end of fiscal year 2010, what did you expect your tax rate to be and how did that, I guess, progress from quarter to quarter? And why was this last quarter, I guess, a shock to what your estimates were?
John Rice: During the course of the year, we had estimated tax rate of approximately 27% for the fiscal year based upon the available information that we had at the beginning of the year. I think, again, in the fourth quarter, that's when we normally do the reconciliation and true-up process, looking at a multitude of different issues. And again, I think geographic mix in the fourth quarter turned out to be a lot more tilted towards U.S. than international. We also, again, true up our U.S. effective tax rates based upon the information that we have from our U.S. tax returns. And then, again, I outlined that the pension adjustment was based upon June 30 exchange rates. And then lastly, deferred tax true-ups which is something that we were doing -- going through the validation process in the fourth quarter. So there was a multitude of different factors that entered into our fourth quarter reconciliation and true-up process. Frankly, I'd have to say this is atypical in terms of the type of adjustments because normally, when we go through these adjustments there' pluses and there are minuses, and oftentimes they kind of wash themselves out. But for this particular quarter, as it turns out, the reconciliation true-up process has results in the factors basically going on the other direction here. So -- and that's the reason why we want to make sure that we provided guidance to you for 2012 fiscal year is after we factored in, analyzed these factors, and considering where our plan is going for next year, that's the reason why we wanted to provide some guidance to you at a 28% to 30% effective tax rate for fiscal 2012.
Amon Wilkes - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay, that's fair. And I guess my last question just goes around these current corn, I guess, increased gross corn prices. Is that just that you're notching the sales of coal products at where you thought they would be? Or is it not trading with the price of corn or is it? I just want to get a sense of where the -- I know, obviously, corns are increasing but are coal products not offsetting that increase?
Ray Young: Coal products tend to follow the price of corn and if the -- they are coming up in relationship, they tend to follow a little slower. But we're not seeing any major difference between this year or any other normal year. It just partially offsets it.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi investment research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Just a quick one. This $2 billion CapEx number, when you say that part of it, I was a little thrown off, when you said that the capital spending, also, has in it acquisition moneys. When you say normal, Ray, I've always thought normal for the business was not the last few years. The last few years were like an abnormal rate of capital spending on greenfield project. And that normal was something less than $1 billion, maybe something around $800 million. Is that what you mean when you say normal and that would mean therefore, that something in excess of $1 billion is what you're putting into the acquisition line on the statement of cash flows?
Ray Young: No, I won't say that. I mean, when you say -- when I use the term normal growth for acquisition, that's possible like non, non-large strategic acquisitions, right? So therefore, I mean, when you take a look at our cash flow statement for this year, you see that our acquisitions this year amount to a little over $200 million, right? So -- but again, in our 2012 plan, there is a quite a few of these opportunities that we're analyzing right now. So I'd be cautious when I make the comment of what normal is. I'm just referring to fact that nonsignificant strategic investments.
Patricia Woertz: I was going to add to that, David that I think it's fair to say our, what you call our targets, that are included in this $2 billion opportunities that include a higher level of acquisitions. And not a strategic large one that might be of a special nature.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I think it's fair to say, though, that maybe from where you guys were 6 months ago, the spending on greenfield projects or brownfield projects is fundamentally higher than it used to be. And maybe, I think, that's one of your messages is that you found opportunities out there that are attractive. Is that the right message?
Patricia Woertz: I think we are evaluating opportunities, yes, that are attractive. And I think when you think sometimes one of the best things that ADM can do is buy a plant, which you'd call an acquisition, and then dip [ph] it and then get into to our system and it becomes a synergistic opportunity. So with that, is a little bit of a brownfield upgrade -- or a greenfield upgrade or upgrade that is capital in nature but it came from the acquisition.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the next question comes from the line of John Roberts from Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Ray, you made a comment on the remaining share repurchase program that had some caveats depending on crop prices and no major acquisitions. But if crop prices are stable and if you don't make any major acquisitions, do you have a timeframe for using up the rest of the share repurchase authorization?
Ray Young: Again, we indicate that over a 2-year period. I mean, we like to mitigate impact over a 2-year period. But again, subject to us ensuring that we have a strong balance sheet to handle investments, working capital and other factors. So I've been fairly consistent over the past several calls, that this is the timeframe that we'd like to work through. In the month of May, in the fourth quarter, we found, for example, the fare price attractive. And so that's the reason why we increased our share repurchase in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011. [Audio Gap] I just want to emphasize, I mean, it's not our authorization to offset the equity. This is basically our intent of managements to mitigate the impact of the equity unit dilution.
Patricia Woertz: Well Operator, I think we'll call the call here. Thank you very much, for all of your questions and interest and we'll talk to you again in November.
Operator: This concludes the presentation for today, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad - Vice President of Investor Relations John Rice - Vice Chairman and Member of Strategic Planning Committee Patricia Woertz - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Planning Committee Ray Young - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Member of Strategic Planning Committee
Analysts: Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc. David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chanel, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide 3 list the matters we'll discussed on our conference call today, and I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I'll begin, as always, with safety. Through the third quarter, we reduced our lost workday injury rate by 4% and our total recordable incident rate by 13% compared to the full fiscal 2010. We will continue to make -- we have continued to make very important progress on safety.  Turning to our financial results. This morning, we reported net earnings of $578 million or $0.86 per share on a fully diluted basis, a 32% improvement over last year. Segment operating profit was $1 billion, a 45% improvement. And excluding LIFO charge and other specified items that Ray will talk about in a moment, ADM earned $0.92 per share. The ADM team performed very well against the backdrop of volatile commodity prices, a challenging margin environment and geopolitical instability in the Middle East, North Africa and Cte dIvoire. Our team worked smart and hard and delivered strong results. Since our last call, we've continued executing our strategy to drive profitable growth. In North America, we announced expansions at our barge-loading terminal and elevators in Missouri and Illinois. These expansions totaled 1.7 million bushels of storage. At our Lloydminster, Alberta, canola processing plant, we are doubling our storage capacity. We announced plans to construct a shuttle loader elevator in Hebron, North Dakota. In Decatur, Illinois, we began production at our propylene-ethylene glycol plant. And we announced the acquisition of a soybean crush plant and biodiesel facility in Deerfield, Missouri.  In South America, we announced plans to begin originating and processing sustainable palm, expanding our crop base in that region. And in Europe, we announced the construction of an additional warehouse at our joint venture grain terminal on the Baltic ports of Gdynia in Poland. And after that addition, the facility will have a total storage capacity of 90,000 metric tons, making it the largest grain terminal in Poland. And also during the third quarter, Fortune Magazine named ADM the most -- the World's Most Admired Food Production Company for the third consecutive year. We appreciate this recognition and believe it speaks to the passion and commitment of our 29,000 employees. As we look ahead, we are monitoring the planting and growing season in North America and Europe. Overall, global demand for crops and agricultural products remains relatively strong. In these conditions, ADM will use our unique global asset base and our strong balance sheet to serve vital needs efficiently connecting the world's growers with the world's buyers and delivering value for our customers and our shareholders. Now I will hand the call over to Ray, who will review our financial results. Ray?
Ray Young: Thanks, Pat, and hello to everyone on the call today. I'm happy to be with you to share our third quarter results. Slide 5 lists our financial highlights for the quarter. We will discuss the quarterly results. We also listed cumulative 9-month results for your reference.  Overall, financial results this quarter were solid. Segment operating profit was $1 billion, up $310 million or about 45% from a year ago. In a moment, I'll review our results on a segment-by-segment basis. Quarterly net earnings were $578 million, up 37% from last year's third quarter, and earnings per share were $0.86 on a fully diluted basis compared to last year's $0.65.  Looking at our effective income tax rate for the quarter. We recorded taxes at 28%, 6% higher than the third quarter last year. Last year's third quarter tax rate benefit from updated estimates to bring the cumulative rate in line with the lower yearly forecast. On a year-to-date basis, we have brought our effective tax rate down from 27.6% in 2010 to 27.2% in 2011. This rate is significantly lower than the 2009 and 2008 effective tax rates of approximately 30%. I also want to highlight that our return on invested capital on a 4-quarter trailing average basis was 10%, an improvement from the prior year percentage and over 300 -- and over 3% above our 4-quarter trailing average -- weighted average cost of capital for the quarter.  We've cut out a few items in the waterfall chart at the bottom of the page. We recorded a LIFO charge of $27 million after tax or approximately $0.04 per share compared to a $0.04 credit in the same period last year. Also, we had net charges for other specified items of $10 million or $0.02 per share. These were comprised of startup cost this quarter of $14 million after tax related to our BioProducts plants in the Corn segment and mark-to-market gains on interest rate swaps that contributed $4 million after tax. For simplicity, these specified items are grouped together here on the waterfall chart, and we've broken them out for you in the appendix. Adjusting for these specified items, ADM earned $0.92 per share. I also want to highlight that our diluted EPS calculation was impacted by the accounting for the equity units issued in 2008. These 4 purchase contracts will result in an additional 44 million common shares on June 1. Our remarketing in March of the debt associated with the equity units effectively triggered its converted accounting, resulting in a $0.05 per share negative impact for the quarter for the diluted EPS calculation. Turning to Slide 6. This slide shows the breakdown of our segment operating profit. Let's turn to Slide 7 to begin a review of each segment in greater detail. Slide 7. Oilseeds operating profit in the quarter increased $107 million to $512 million. Crushing and origination operating profit increased $133 million to $405 million for the quarter. Favorable ownership and strong North American results offset a decline from South America. The European results increased significantly, principally due to the reversal of approximately $100 million of mark-to-market timing effects that occurred in the first half of the fiscal year. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other generated a profit of $89 million for the quarter, up $23 million from last year as low results from Europe were offset by increases from North and South America. Oilseeds results in Asia declined $49 million to $18 million for the quarter, principally reflecting ADM's share of the weaker results from our equity investee, Wilmar International Ltd. Now looking at the crop. Harvest of the soybean crop in South America is nearly complete. The crop is estimated at a near record 133 million metric tons and is a sufficient supply to meet near-term global requirements. The projected U.S. soybean carryout remains at 140 million bushels, which is a tight supply. Rye conditions are raising concerns about the size of the rapeseed crop in some regions of Europe.  As you look at the current Oilseed Processing market conditions, global demand for all-protein meal is projected to grow by 4% to 6% for the '10, '11 crop year, although high prices may tamper demand. There has been little forward buying by protein meal customers. And U.S. vegetable oil inventory levels are currently high, although biodiesel production will increase demand and help reduce inventories. Now moving to Slide 8. For the Corn Processing segment for the quarter, Corn Processing operating profit increased $100 million to a profit of $204 million. Processed volumes were up 13%, reflecting strong production across ADM's Corn Processing plants, including our new ethanol dry mills in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and Columbus, Nebraska. Sweeteners and starches operating profit of $46 million was essentially flat, as higher average selling prices and volumes were mostly offset by a higher net corn cost. Sales volumes were up as export demand for sweetener remains strong and U.S. demand for industrial starches improved.  BioProducts profit in the quarter rolled $99 million to $158 million, driven by favorable corn ownership and strong demand for our value-added food and feed ingredients, particularly lysine. Looking at the crop. 13% of the U.S. corn crop is currently planted, the low five-year average planting progress at this time of the year. The five-year total has ranged from 10% to 66%, with the average around 40%. The USDA projects the U.S. corn carryout at 675 million bushels, a tight supply. As you look at current market conditions, and yesterday, wholesale ethanol spot prices were $0.60 to $0.90 below unleaded gasoline. And the excise tax credit adds another $0.45 per gallon benefit to the blender. With these attractive economics, customers generally will blend ethanol to the maximum allowable levels. But Ethanol margins are near breakeven due to overcapacity in the U.S. ethanol industry. Lysine demand remains strong and industry corn sweetener volumes, driven by exports to Mexico and Canada, also remain strong. Industry corn sweetener export volumes to Mexico were about 1.5 million metric tons in 2010 and are projected to grow around 10% in 2011. Now let's turn to Slide 9 and review the operating performance of our Agricultural Services business segment, where profit increased $6 million to $171 million for the third quarter. The global merchandising and handling team delivered good results, comparable to last year, amid a challenging environment of significant volatility in agricultural commodity markets, regional instability in the Middle East and North Africa, and the earthquake and tsunami in Japan. U.S. export volumes and margins remained strong in the quarter. Earnings from transportation operations improved on higher barge freight rates. As we look at current market conditions, we continue to have a tight supply in several of the crops we source and transport and are using our global network to meet the customer demands. Regional crop supply imbalances are resulting in elevated prices and significant volatility. South America is harvesting a near-record soybean crop and has sufficient supply. In North America, the carryouts of corn and soybeans are projected to be tight, and farmers are beginning to plant. The global wheat supply is ample, and canola and rapeseed supplies vary by region. Slide 10 is an operating profit analysis of our other business units. In the third quarter, profits increased $97 million to $119 million. In Other Processing, profits in the wheat milling and cocoa operations were $96 million, up $87 million from last year's third quarter, which included mark-to-market charges of $63 million in our cocoa operations. Other financial increased $10 million, mainly due to improved results of our captive insurance subsidiary and ADM Investor Services. Looking at current market conditions, sanctions pertain to exports of cocoa beans and products from Cte dIvoire have been lifted. The overall situation in the country seems to be improving day by day. Our operations have resumed on a limited basis, and we're managing the situation daily. Turning to Slide 11. Slide 11 shows the major components of our other -- of our corporate line. Market prices for our LIFO-based inventories rose in the third quarter, resulting in a charge of $43 million compared to a credit of $43 million last year. Interest expense net is higher in the current year by $8 million during last quarter's -- during last year's quarter, approximately $19 million of our interest cost was capitalized in connection with the construction projects in progress. This has declined significantly this year, as most of the apps have now been put into service. Helping to mitigate this effect, interest cost on our long-term debt was down approximately $12 million as a result of debt retirements.  We also recognized $6 million of unrealized gains on interest rate swaps, which were related to the debt remarketing at the end of the quarter. Our corporate costs were up for the quarter, in part due to higher administrative expenses, including the accrual for some previously announced multiyear corporate grants. Slide 12 shifts to the financial statement view and shows statement of earnings highlights for the quarter. Net sales and other operating income increased 33% to $20 billion due to generally higher average selling prices associated with higher cost for underlying commodities.  Gross profit increased $269 million or 30% this quarter due to higher average selling prices, favorable commodity ownership and a partial reversal of certain oilseed mark-to-market losses. Partially offsetting these items were $43 million of pretax LIFO charges discussed earlier. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 11% to $395 million due primarily to higher administrative expenses, including the accrual for some previously announced multiyear corporate grants, which I talked about earlier. On a year-to-date basis, our SG&A cost increases, when adjusted for unique items, are in line with volume growth. The change in other income expense was due to lower equity earnings from affiliates, higher interest expense and the absence of a $75 million debt extinguishment charge. And I've covered the changes in income taxes earlier on the call. Turning to Slide 13. We're comparing selected balance sheet highlights at March 31 against our June 30 balance sheet. We can clearly see the impact of elevated commodity prices on our balance sheet. Operating working capital has increased by nearly $8 billion to $17 billion, principally in inventories, about a $6 million increase. Inventory includes approximately $8.9 billion of readily marketable commodities as of March 31 compared to $4.9 billion at the end of June.  Total debt increased by $6.7 billion, mainly from borrowings of commercial paper and revolving credit lines to help finance the higher inventory balances. Additionally in the third quarter, we issued $1.5 billion of floating rate notes. In March, we remarketed $1.75 billion in debt originally issued as a component of the equity units in June 2008. This will result in the receipt of $1.75 billion of proceeds by ADM on June 1, in exchange for the issuance of common shares under the forward purchase contracts. Therefore, for the third quarter balance sheet, there is no impact on the cash, debt and equity accounts related to the debt remarketing. Shareholders equity increased $2 billion during the past 9 months. At the end of the quarter, we had in place a $6.5 billion U.S. commercial paper program, of which $3 billion was unused. In addition, we had $2 billion of other global credit lines, of which $1.1 billion was available. Although leverage has increased due to higher commodity prices, we continue to have good liquidity access and financial flexibility to support both our ongoing business in the elevated commodity price environment and growth initiatives. Slide 14 shows the significant items impacting our cash flows for the past 9 months compared to the prior year's 9-month period. Cash generated from operations before working capital improvements was $2.2 billion compared to a $2 billion in the prior period.  Higher commodity prices drove the use of $7 billion in cash in our working capital accounts. This is a sizable outflow of cash over a 9-month period. But as you know, we have successfully managed through high commodity prices and sizable increases in working capital in the past. And as I've discussed in the prior slide, we were prepared for this elevated commodity price scenario and had bolstered our balance sheet to operate in this environment. Investments in property, plant and equipment were $0.9 billion for the past 9 months. Significantly lower than the $1.2 billion spent in the prior year period. This reflects the completion of the majority of our Greenfield projects. Acquisitions of $206 million are primarily related to our purchase of the remaining shares of Golden Peanut back in December. We expect fiscal year 2011 capital spending to be approximately $1.5 billion, including the purchase of our remaining 50% of the shares in Golden Peanut that occurred at the end of December. The increase in working capital and the capital expenditures and investments were funded by a net increase of debt of $6.5 billion, primarily comprised of $5.3 billion of borrowings under lines of credit and $1.5 billion of borrowings through the issuance of the floating rate notes, less some debt paydowns. Also in the 9-month period, we bought back 3.2 million shares for a total spend of approximately $100 million. On June 1, our equity units will convert to about 44 million common shares. Consistent with our objective to increase shareholder value, our intent is to continue to buy back shares to offset, within 2 years of the date of conversion, the impact of the dilution. Subsequent to the equity unit issuance in 2008, we have already bought back 6 million shares in addition to the shares we purchased to offset benefit plan issuances, leaving 38 million more shares to repurchase.  As I indicated in our second quarter earnings call, we will want to ensure our balance sheet remains strong enough to help drive strong business results in a period of elevated commodity prices, as we did in this third quarter, and to undertake significant strategic investments. And that could have an impact on the timing and the number of shares we have repurchased. Turning to Slide 15, which depicts our financial return measure comparing our historical 4-quarter trailing return on invested capital against our trailing 4-quarter weighted average cost of capital. As you see, our ROIC was 10%, and our WACC is currently running below 7% for a 3% positive return over our cost of capital. As you know, our longer-term ROIC objective is to earn 200 basis points above WACC.  In addition, we are reintroducing the return-on-equity metric as a gauge of our return performance as a complement to our ROIC metric. This will help provide further focus on driving returns as a key contributor towards long-term shareholder value creation. For the third quarter, our ROE on a trailing 4-quarter LIFO adjusted basis was 14.9%. Our long-term ROE target is a range of 12% to 14%.  At this time, I'll turn the call back over to Pat.
Patricia Woertz: Excellent. Thank you, Ray. Before we take your questions, I thought I'd make a couple of comments about our recent leadership additions at ADM. Last month, Juan Luciano joined ADM as our Chief Operating Officer, and we're very pleased to have him on our executive team as he brings global manufacturing experience and an excellent track record of profitable growth.  I thought I'd take a moment to talk about how and why we grew our leadership team, bringing in Juan, and before that, Ray, to ADM. Both of these talent additions were part of a purposeful, planned, multiyear effort to add relevant expertise to our team, to prepare for executive succession and further develop our future leaders. Juan and Ray both broadened the perspective of the ADM team with their extensive global experience, particularly in key growth regions for ADM and with their valuable leadership development and process expertise as we continue to grow our company. These actions enlarge the group of people at the senior-most level who are helping develop the next generation of ADM senior leaders. As Juan takes over the leadership of the commercial and production areas of the business, he is supported by our unrivaled team of business unit presidents. We have an excellent integration plan and through the transition and beyond, John Rice and I will continue to provide Juan and the team with guidance and counsel on a range of matters, including ADM's risk management strategy. John will have more time to develop and devote to supporting our growth initiatives around the world, including the Asia region, which continues to report directly to him. I think we have an outstanding group of strong leaders. I think it's the right team at the right time to lead ADM as we execute our compelling strategy, generate strong earnings and deliver good returns, all towards the goal of driving shareholder value. With that, John will join Ray and me today for the Q&A. And Juan will join the May 18 conference in New York City. So operator, at this time, if you could please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: It would be helpful if you guys could give some very detailed commentary, sort of what drove sort of the sequential performance in Oilseeds Processing and Ag Services? I think most people were surprised to see Ag Services where it was and were surprised to see Oilseed's Processing as strong as it was. So can you give us a sense of what drove those variances?
John Rice: Sure, Vincent. This is John. On the Ag Services, we had a very good second quarter, and we also feel we had a very good third quarter. We tend to look at these businesses also on a year basis. And you have to remember, during the third quarter, at any given time, we got 100 ships, over 100 ships going to different destinations throughout the world. We have the period of unrest in the Middle East, and we usually have ships going over there. You have ships going over to Japan. So it really becomes a lot of logistics on where you want to offload, where you don't want to offload, where you want to have ships sitting. So it became a little bit more logistics involved in that period of time, with unprecedented volatility also during that quarter. Oilseed Processing, we have had very good man, we feel, in Europe with the biodiesel and the rapeseed margins. In North America, we're starting up the biodiesel demand right now. In South America, we're starting off the harvest. So we feel, with the sales we had on forward and how we were purchasing our raw materials, our team executed very well between the two. And it's always a little difficult in time. When you take a point in time, at the end of March you have crop reports; end of June, you have a crop report. So taking an absolute and coming up with market prices can also have a little bit of variance between the second and third quarter. But I feel very good about our third quarter results. And on a year-long basis, we should have a very good year in Ag Services.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So John, as we think going from third quarter to fourth quarter, it sounds like some of the things that took place in Ag Services during the quarter were unique, and, hopefully, won't reoccur in the fourth quarter. Is it fair to say the same thing about Oilseeds Processing? In other words, if we look sequentially going forward, that Ag Services is likely to be better sequentially, but Oilseeds Processing is likely to come down?
John Rice: In Oilseeds Processing, we have lower global oilseed margins right now. We have -- with the crop coming out of South America, you have Brazil running ahead of last year. You have them exporting more meal, exporting more oil. But their Biodiesel demand should help their oil situation down there, and the Argentine crush coming on will also affect the North America. So we're in the process of slowing down our North American crush. So it's really more of a balance. And then since you're coming into a period where you have a lower carryout of soybeans in the United States and then also in Europe, watching the rapeseed crop. It's always a little harder to say exactly what's going to happen with the weather and other things. But we feel over all crush margins are a little down globally. And in Ag Services this time of year, we tend to export less out of the United States. It comes more out of South America, and exports out of Brazil are recorded in the Oilseed Processing portion and not in the Ag Services.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and maybe just as two last thoughts. There was nothing that sort of  Bugsy [ph], for example, reports both of these segments together. And you provide the amount of disclosure where they're separate. So was there anything that we might have perceived as what might have shown up in Ag Services that actually belongs in Oilseeds Processing from an accounting perspective in this quarter that would also highlight the difference in the performance?
John Rice: Nothing accounting-wise. But we do manage risk in this company, as an overall, on a company basis. We look at it that way. So at times, we may do things in one division that makes more sense in another division, just because of how it's situated.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And is one of those times this quarter?
John Rice: It happens every -- it's a weekly decision. It's a very fluid operation.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I'll get back in the queue.
Ray Young: Vince, it's Ray here. Just on a couple of other things I just wanted to make sure we highlight. I didnt mention that in this particular quarter, or the third quarter, we did have a favorable timing effect here where the oilseeds grew approximately $100 million in the Oilseeds division. And when we kind of think through the rest of the fiscal year, it's always difficult to estimate the future timing impacts because the impacts are a function of the changes in inventory levels and prices within the quarter. I recognize a lot of you folks would like to get some level of visibility in terms of future quarters. So in order to help you directionally for the fourth quarter, because we believe that European inventory levels of certain oilseeds and later products would further decline. We could see some favorable mark-to-market timing effects also in the fourth quarter, roughly in the same order of the magnitude that we saw in the third quarter. So I think that's important for you to understand that perspective as well.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Sure. Even as I take that $100 million out, the crushing origination number looks like it was almost a record?
Ray Young: Yes, I mean, again, I think a couple of things, we did have -- as we indicated in the press release, good ownership here. So that's an important aspect of it. And the last thing to do is, remember in Ag Services, I mean, the term I use for the second quarter, we kind of hit a home run there. We were using an analogy driving on all 8 cylinders there on the second quarter here, and you don't drive in all 8 cylinders necessary in this business every time. And so actually when I kind of look at kind of the historical performance, the recent performance of Ag Services, people will look back in 2010 and 2011, excluding the second quarter, you see that on the Ag Services division, we run on an annualized basis, let's say $600 million to $800 million. Again, you take out the exceptional second quarter, which translates so you average like $150 million to $200 million on a quarterly rate. And that's in the absence of significant market events or actions. And as John indicated, I mean, we do see inter-quarter volatility in the Ag Services division. So when I do the comparison, and I did the same thing that you did, Vince, compare second quarter to third quarter. And second quarter was an exceptional quarter, and we've done that in the past. We have had quarters of plus-$400 million operating profits in this company. So we know that we can -- when these opportunities present itself, we can take advantage of it. But when I take a look at the third quarter, I'd say that we had a very good quarter comparable to some of the recent good quarters that we've had within ADM and the AG Services division.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just on ethanol, because you did mention the higher lending rates, and yet we're seeing kind of breakeven margins here. I'm just wondering, as we go into the summer season and with the fuel prices where they are, if you could give a little bit of color around what your expectations are around production levels for this summer. And two, for that part of the industry that doesn't have its corn, but if you're expecting some declines there?
John Rice: During the summer, we usually see the driving miles go up and gasoline usage also increase. But with the higher price of gasoline, you don't know if we'll see the normal summer increase. But right now, the industry is running about 13.5 billion to 13.8 billion gallons. And with the corn situation this year and the steep backwardation and inverses, I don't know exactly how other people manage their inventory, so I don't know exactly how they're going to run. But I would assume people that can source their corn are going to keep running even at a close to fully breakeven because of cash flows for them. But it seems like once every other week, we see another company go bankrupt and then they get new financing. But I think it's still a situation thats going to take us a little bit, awhile, to grow through this, but we still feel very strong about the Ethanol business, and it's probably the most competitive fuel in the world right now.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: With the advantage of ethanol in this current environment, it seems like they would be blending as much as they can. Are you seeing any progress of moving towards E15 blends? What are the hurdles you're still seeing there?
Patricia Woertz: I think, this is Pat, Christine, we have probably, still, I wouldn't say a concern, but a belief that until the regulatory outcome has E15 applicable to all cars, that it really won't be widely accepted. I think your point is correct that we have -- the lenders have the opportunity and the economic driver to blend as much as they can and are doing so. But the widespread use of E15, still some hurdles to overcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine (sic)[Christina] McGlone of Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: It's Christina. I guess, the question is on oilseed back to Vincent's plan of questioning. You talked about favorable position and maybe some forward sales, and so I guess I just want to understand the underlying strength of the market. Because from we see -- from what we see on the cash margin basis, it's very weak. And I'm curious, why is that weak given that utilization is low, and really what makes it better? And do we need to see a plant in the U.S. close to improve things?
John Rice: I think you'll see plants close down maybe for the summer. We're looking at a few of those right now to help balance the supply and the demand. Biodiesel will be better, like I mentioned earlier, but the meal demand, especially with Argentine and Brazil exporting meal, make a little bit more important. But the U.S. has a little bit of a disadvantage in the world market. So I think you'll see that happen. And on the overall basis, I think with just the large South American crops, we have a situation where all the world capacity can operate. But now, as we've said in the past, we've added capacity around the world, and I do not see much more capacity being added. So we should be able to grow out this as meal demand keeps increasing around 4% here in the next year. And it doesn't take much when you have -- in these kind of markets, one ton too much or one ton not enough makes a big difference in global markets.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: But I guess, John, it just -- it seems that the footprint is maybe off. Because the expansion of the U.S. plants to 5 plants a year or 2 ago is, I think, one of the reasons that the market is in a state of overcapacity in the U.S. And then with Paraguay coming on, I guess the concern is, maybe is ADM too optimistic about forward demand and/or should the Paraguay plant be there but maybe some U.S. capacity come off because between DDG inclusion rates, which is becoming more creative higher canola meal imports from Canada and are a likely poultry production cut, it just -- it seems like it's going to take a real while to grow out. And I just don't know how long does ADM think it's appropriate to wait it out?
John Rice: Well, I have a different view. I guess I think the world is looking a little bit better than that. We -- the big difference you have in the world right now is EU, Brazil, Argentina, all have very good renewable fuel programs. So they have a biodiesel industry that is elevates the prices of their oil, which allows them to sell their soybean meal a little cheaper, let's say. And what we have in the United States, we have this uncertainty in the biodiesel program. So as that's picking up, the price of oil is coming up; as plants are coming online, we should see that same situation. When you look at that on a global basis, then it comes down to energy and logistics and whatever. And I don't think the U.S. is any more disadvantaged than Brazil or Argentina when it comes to competing in the world. It's just that when you get to this geopolitical situations that you can get those offsets. And as long as we have a biodiesel program here in the United States, I feel very good about it, U.S. crush.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: You mentioned to Christine's question, if plants would shut, you don't know how maybe they'll get their corn given the corn situation, the inverse in the market. Can you speak to that? Basically, carrying corn down the invert? How is ADM positioned with that respect? What does that mean for ADM and for results? How should we think about that?
John Rice: Well, we've done this before. We know how our team knows how to manage through these, but whenever you have big backwardation and big inverses, you don't know want to carry much cash inventories. So you have to make sure you're managing your pipeline accordingly. We use our railcars, we our transportation, our truck assets, along with our elevators. And we manage inventories accordingly. That's really the July Ds [ph] that we see the big inverse. A lot can happen between now and then, and what happens even on that inverse. That inverse have been going anywhere between $0.60 to a $1.20. And when we get closer, we'll determine how exactly how we want to manage our inventories. But we look at this on a daily basis.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: So when in BioProducts, you say you have a favorable corn ownership position in this quarter, should we assume that, that starts to trail off ahead of July because of this inverse situation and you're managing it?
John Rice: That is a pretty good assumption; how's that?
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And I guess last question. On Ag Services, when you talk about there was kind of dislocation with Japan and Middle East and Africa and commodity volatility, I guess I thought that, that's when ADM excels in Ag Services. So what am I missing?
John Rice: Nothing. We had an outstanding second quarter, and we excelled very good. And in the third quarter, we also did very good. But as I mentioned earlier, when you cannot offload ships, you have them sitting out to sea and determining when you're going to offload them, when you come down to valuations, it can make a difference. But I don't know how else to answer that. I think that we had an outstanding second quarter, and the third quarter was still a very good quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Farmer of Jefferies & Company.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You continue to call a lysine in the BioProducts segment, at least for I think the last 2 or 3 quarters. Can you give us some sense of how meaningful it is as a profit contributor for the segment?
Ray Young: Let's put it this way. First of all, its important keep on diversifying our profit stream in the Corn segment. And so it's actually an area whereby we continue to see volume growth and we can seem -- continue to see good margins driven by global demand. I don't necessarily want to kind of highlight the exact number in terms of what lysine is contributing, but the trend is actually a favorable trend here, Jeff.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a little bit of a follow up, is it fair to assume that the margin is materially greater than the rest of the segment? How should we think about that?
John Rice: Yes, we're seeing good margins in lysine. Lysine values have been going up, especially with higher world sugar prices and lower corn prices, most other peoples substrates are sugar-based molasses, so we do have an advantage during these types in the lysine markets.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then just a follow up on some of the oilseeds conversation, I'm just curious, as the crush shifts down to South America in the June quarter, how important would that be to your margin mix? Should I think about it like that in terms of looking at better South American margins, a larger percent of your crush coming from that part of the world, shouldnt that be a nice tail wind for oilseeds in the June quarter?
John Rice: It's more of a global situation where you have supply globally, whether it's from China, Europe, from South America. So it's the ability of all crushing plants, I shouldn't say all -- most crushing plants throughout the world being able to operate. So I think it's just a little bit of an overcapacity situation right now.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess coming back to some of your competitors talking about some pretty strong margins, specifically in Brazil, I would expect that you, at least in the June quarter, you see a decent benefit from that as well?
John Rice: If margins pick up from the present day, yes. The crush is running about 4 million tons quicker or higher than last year. With a good biodiesel program, that could happen, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Ray, I was hoping you could help me understand the $100 million you called out of favorability and how that carries through to fourth quarter. Is that a function of just higher value vegetable oil on the balance sheet or your positions? Can you just help me understand the mechanics of that?
John Rice: Yes, I mean, If you recall, Rob, in the first half of the year, we had -- actually in the Oilseeds group had some negative timing effects. And that's really brought about by the fact that we're building up inventory in Europe. And just due to certain GAAP accounting rules, we can't mark-to-market that inventory. We actually carry that at the lower cost of the market. But as you kind of sell down that inventory, and that's just a seasonal pattern that we see, as we sell down that inventory, we actually then bring that thing to market as we relieve that inventory. And that's what we're seeing right now in the second half of the year, second half of the year -- second half of the fiscal year as we bring down that inventory. So assuming the prices of these commodities remain at these elevated levels, as we sell down the inventory, we're basically -- we saw some of the negative timing effects that we had in the first half of the year. So I called out that in the third quarter, there was approximately $100 million of that reversing out in the oilseed results. And then based upon what we're seeing in the fourth quarter, with continued high elevated prices and the rate that were selling down our inventory, I could see an order of magnitude in the fourth quarter, in terms of reversing the timing effects is similar to what we've seen in the third.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: And is that comparison sequentially from, say, the first half of the year, or is that a comparison from a year ago?
Ray Young: No, that's sequential. This is sequential here.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, good. Secondly, on ethanol margin, it seems like that's the biggest question I get from investors because you're talking about the industry being at breakeven. But this year, you're probably going to have record results in BioProducts. So do you think that your division here will continue to operate above industry norms into fiscal '12? Or are we going to see a pretty significant falloff in results for ethanol going forward?
John Rice: We feel we have a competitive advantage in the ethanol industry, just because of our footprint, our plants, our locations and how we handle our inventories, how we operate our assets around it. So to put a delta spread on it, it's very tough, but we do look at that all the time, but we feel we have a very good competitive advantage in the ethanol markets.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And lastly, John, I guess my question is on the CapEx budget. And also, Ray, it's up again this quarter. Can you give us kind of a summary of how you're thinking of CapEx this year compared to what you might have thought about it 6 or 9 months ago? What's really changed in driving that CapEx budget higher? Was it Golden Peanut? Or were there just a lot of little things that you just keep adding as your expectations went along?
Ray Young: I think, Rob, one of the things that we're focusing on is growing our asset base, growing our earnings base around the world. Ive highlighted at a prior conference, one of the things that I know that this company does extremely well is actually making a lot of smaller investments, what we call below the radar screen types of investments, which really contribute a lot towards both returns in the bottom line. And just to give you some perspective, I just got the third quarter numbers. So if you look at the first quarter to third quarter this fiscal year, we've approved about 130 smaller projects, with a CapEx commitment about -- a little over $800 million. So the average investment per project is about $6 million to $7 million, which is pretty small investment, which, again, generally we don't highlight to the outside world. But we're doing a lot of these particular projects, and these things generate good returns. In fact, these projects here, on a conservative basis, will generate plus 20% ROICs when they come online. So I think what we're seeing, Rob, is that there is a tremendous focus on growth around here. We continue to execute a lot of these smaller projects, which are below the radar screen. And the other thing that I've noticed is just the CapEx footprint. From fiscal year '06 to fiscal year '10, about, roughly 85% of the capital spending was in geographic North America. And when I take a look at what's happening in this fiscal year, fiscal year-to-date, the 85% has dropped to a little over 70%. And in the third quarter, only 63% was actually North America oriented. So I am seeing a shift. I think it's a conscientious shift in order to make sure that we are diversifying our global footprint, which is one of our key strategies right now, is to move our geographic model to other parts of the world. The other thing to note is like, when you take a look at 2011, and I think earlier here Steve kind of mentioned that, we think CapEx probably be in the neighborhood of $1.4 billion. With the Golden Peanut acquisition, you add that on to this particular list. We're basically in line with where we thought we were going to end up at this particular year -- this particular fiscal year. So I guess we're not surprised in terms of the size of this capital spending. I think this is in line with what we're trying to do to grow the company. We have the balance sheet to support it. That's another critical element as to why we continue to bolster our balance sheet in order to support these types of investments.
Patricia Woertz: Rob, let me also add that, as we've talked earlier, we think shareholder values created by the clear and compelling strategy, growing our earnings and the strong returns. And these projects that Ray highlighted, which you might call under the radar screen, are -- I think are more explicit examples of very good returns that will grow earnings to the base that are sort of -- you might even call it cheap creep, the ability to add specifically to many of our assets that already exist, but having them either become more efficient, more effective, higher volumes to add that profitable growth at very good returns. So it is conscious and purposeful, but in line with what we said earlier in the year.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, I'll follow up later.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: John, what is your role in the positioning of the soybeans and the corn in the last couple of quarters?
John Rice: What do you mean? I guess, what's the...
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Because there's a changing of guards, right, on the Chief Operating Officer side? And I'm just trying to figure out, where does the decision actually get made for positioning soybeans and corn? Just because it's been rather excellent, right, for the last 3 to 4 quarters, if not even longer than that. So I'm just trying to figure out where the decision is actually made on the positioning?
John Rice: We have a very good group of people that work at ADM. We have constant communication of what should be done, what we feel we ought to be doing in certain markets, how we run our plants, how we don't run our plants, where we want to sell or we don't want to sell. It's constant and open communication. So it's a very good team, it's a team effort, and I feel confident about this team and with Juan coming onboard. Juan has a very good track record, and I have the utmost confidence in the team that will support him.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, but how does -- I guess how does the decision get made? Does it come from the bottom? What are the role? Can you just talk about the role of how it's positioned, the risk management? What are the main decision makers on that process?
John Rice: I'm in the middle of it. And as decisions are made, and as Juan seeks help or what have you, I can still be in the middle of it.
Patricia Woertz: And maybe I'll add a bit to that from my perspective. We have a process and a reporting and a proactive effort that meets on a both weekly basis on certain elements and on a daily basis on certain elements and daily reporting processes on everything. So it's a very open communication and a process where everybody sort of knows their roles, if you ask. And people can fill in for each other in knowing those roles, and we can do it virtually whether people who are traveling or they are in Decatur. But everything does come together at this center, which I think is a bit of the nerve center that we think is a very proactive and good way to risk manage. So we've done that for a long time. We have a good view of how that works. We have a good view of the control processes around that. And it is a little bit of what makes us ADM.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. My other question on the high fructose corn syrup. This quarter, I know that you said last quarter that the pricing has high enough to recapture your margins from higher corn prices. Is that something that we're going to see progressively over the next couple of quarters? This quarter was slightly a little lighter than I would've expected. But how do you see the progression of the margin structure? Does the backwardation actually help you in this business? Does the high fructose corn syrup prices going forward -- I know it takes a little bit to get them all in? How it does play out?
John Rice: Well overall, fructose demand is very good right now. We see the industry running at very high levels. When you take a look at the Corn Sweeteners and Starch business, you have to look at that almost on a calendar year rolling basis, just because of how corn is brought to market. So it's a little bit tough on that area to actually look on a quarter-per-quarter basis. But when I look at the fructose, demand is very good. We're still very -- we're $0.20 cheap to sugar in the United States. We're $0.10 cents cheap to world sugar. So we still see demand growing, especially in Mexico, and more people around the United States just because of the cost of sugar increases food cost then. More people are looking to switch back to fructose also. So if you look at it on quarter-to-quarter, it's a little bit tough just because of how the corn flows through. But on the year-long basis, we feel very good about the Fructose business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: Hey guys, it's actually Ryan Oksenhendler in for Bryan here. I just had a follow-up on Rob's question about ethanol margins. I get that you guys can outperform the industry. But John, the way it seems is that ethanol margins could hang out here in the breakeven range for quite some time. And it seems like we almost have to grow into the overcapacity that we have and maybe there's bit of talk [ph], 13.8 billion gallons until 2013. How do we break out of this breakeven range before that?
John Rice: Well, I think with the E15, if we get that all the legislation cleared on that, with such the price disparity between ethanol and unleaded gasoline, my personal feeling is we'll going to see some gas stations go to that. We'll have the label on it, and I think we'll increase a little bit of demand there. We are still the cheapest ethanol in the world, so we'll still keep going with the exports. But it's not going to take much, and especially with the corn situation this year and plants have to shut down just because of the backwardation, that could also give us some opportunity. But I think in the long term, it's going to be the 14.5 billion gallons to be blended. And then also, with the E15, that can make a change.
Patricia Woertz: And Ryan, the other thing to always look at is the overall gasoline consumption. And so, if prices would moderate and gasoline -- of course, ethanol helps to moderate those prices because it's a cheaper component of the blend pool. But if prices would happen to moderate and we did have higher driving, that would also be a little more room there.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, but arent we pretty close to -- I mean it's already $1, over $1 per gallon benefit; we're pretty close to the blend wall here. So I mean, do you expect to see, given where great cash prices are, maybe, say, moderation here down to $3.50 a gallon. Do you expect to see a major pickup in demand over the summer?
John Rice: It's just going to be the gasoline usage and the E15, which will cause that.
Ray Young: To put this in perspective, Ryan, on E15. I mean, the EPA actually indicated that cars newer than 2001 account for 74% of the current gasoline consumption. By 2014, that would -- expected to increase to 85%. So getting the blend wall increase expose [ph] from E10 to E15 is going to be very, very important. And there's a lot of work being done on that right now. So that's something where we're fully monitoring that situation in order to see how that evolves.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: And do you know what percentage of retail gas stations, I guess, offer E15 right now?
John Rice: I think it's very minimal, if any. Right now, I think a lot are waiting for the EPA waivers to finalize their waivers right at this point in time including the labeling for E15 pumps.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: And do you know when that's going to happen from the EPA?
Patricia Woertz: Summer is the expectation.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I'm not quite sure how to word this question, so, here goes. When I look at your year-to-date results in your divisions, Oilseed is up a bit, Corn Processing, flattish. Ag Services, if I take Ray's comments about the $150 million to $200 million, you did have a great second quarter. But that didn't really deliver in the third quarter like I think the market expected it to. And I guess I'm just getting a little nervous when I look at 2012 versus 2011 and hear from clients that are thinking that 2011 is your earnings are peaking this year. And I guess, if you could give some commentary about your expectations. Do we need to see commodity prices drop in order for you to see demand pickup in margin expansion? Because we certainly didn't see the benefits of volatility in the Ag Services division in the third quarter, which is sort of the offset to margin compression in your operating unit. We didn't see that in the third quarter, and I guess, with your stock down the way it is today, I think, you really need to address for your investor base where you see the growth coming from in some specificity. If you can't make it in Ag Services, and your margins are compressed because commodity prices are so high, how are you going to deliver the EPS growth you keep talking about? If you could comment on that, I'd certainly appreciate it.
Patricia Woertz: So let me start, Diane, and then maybe we'll go around the table here. I think we executed well across all of our businesses. But your point of asking about 2012 is a longer-term objective associated with earnings growth and doing it at good returns. Our strategy to add to the base of where it exists today and where those, where it has the highest potential of margin expansion over the long-term is generally in the areas where we are doing the investing, which, again, we believe in global oilseeds. There is space and room to do that, and we are. The Ag Services piece that you asked about is more of a multi-quarter basis of the types of opportunities that can come at us. But we have added storage capacity, transportation capacity in order to have almost this run rate that we talked about of $150 million to $200 million that didn't exist before that exists now and the upside towards the 2x, 3x to that in times where it is strong. So from the longer-term perspective, both the investments we're making -- and I think your point is a good one with more specificity all the time. That's what we're attempting to do in the larger analyst presentations, et cetera, is to dig down into each of the business units, as well as the investments we're making and sharing where that comes through. On Corn Processing, obviously, as things would improve with our BioProducts division or going from either negative or flat or U.S. spot margins and ethanol, for that to improve, obviously, the size of our business, we would benefit greatly when that happens.
John Rice: Diane, I'd like to also say, with what Ray mentioned earlier, all the investments we're making globally on a daily basis, when you look at our earnings year-over-year, last year, people thought the same thing. We had a great year, this year, 4 major divisions have outperformed the previous year. Our footprint, our knowledge, our team, we can keep growing this business. And as we keep finding more investments throughout the world, whether it's big investments or small investments, with our team, our footprint, we feel very confident about things moving forward.
Ray Young: I guess just to compliment what Pat and John indicated, we're kind of actually working through our plans for next year right now. And what we're seeing is our asset base is growing. We're actually putting the assets in the areas whereby clearly, were going to earn good returns. There's a tremendous focus on this aspect of returns. So in the Ag Services area, we're putting in a lot of assets regarding storage and handling, both North America to support the export markets as well as around the world. And those are important investments that will help us drive earnings in the future. In Oilseed, same thing, were putting in capacity in critical parts of the world. That's one of the growth areas for us. Your aspect that we should not understate is that the team here does a very good job managing supply and demand. And as you know in this business, its all about managing supply and demand, over time build time in order to drive margins. So that's going to be a very -- continue to be a very important factor for us.  And then lastly, as you talked about Corn-to-Corn segment, I recognized the ethanol margins are kind of, on a cash basis, pretty tight right now. But the long-term trend, with essentially moving towards E15, eventually the U.S. economy is going to show some signs of recovery, and us having a very diversified portfolio of both dried meals and wet meals, we believe that's very, very good business for us longer term here.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. Well, maybe I can ask the question this way. Your fiscal '12 starts in 8 weeks. I'm sure you must have been through a round -- several rounds of budget planning. Is your expectation for earnings to be up in fiscal '12 versus fiscal '11? Or you've done your current plans?
Ray Young: We don't provide a guidance here, right? So I think one thing that you should recognize is we're looking to drive long-term value creation. So therefore, we are focused on long-term returns, and we're focused on earnings growth. And so I think it's fair to say that as we look at our plans, and if you look at our history, Diane, in terms of our track record in terms of earnings growth, we've demonstrated a consistent track record over the past 5 years, past 10 years, and looking to continue to drive this long-term earnings growth trend into the future here.
John Rice: And Diane, like every year at this time, were coming in, we still don't have much of the corn crop planted. And we don't have the oilseed crop planted. We're watching different weathers throughout the world: What's the European weather doing, what's the China weather doing, what's the -- how are our customers business? There's so many different sets of assumptions that we're always monitoring, were looking at. We feel that we have an excellent team that's talking about this and managing our assets accordingly.
Patricia Woertz: Coming around full circle, Diane, if you think about looking at a 2012, you can imagine we probably have a range of outcomes that we're discussing, and it's based on a set of assumptions that could fall into a particular range that looks like both where we are today but moves to different directions, and how do we manage best in all of those scenarios, but yes, we feel like every year of confidence like this year adds to our confidence that we can continue to grow those earnings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I'll try to make it succinct. Corn sweeteners, you mentioned to Ken's question here, but I'm not sure that I walked away with the right answer. $46 million in the quarter. Are these results indicative of what calendar '11 will look like post the pricing?
John Rice: We don't give guidance. I guess a lot of that has to do with just on how the accounting handles -- how -- with the corn and brought to markets. But demand is very good.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So maybe the short answer is, is no, these results will improve over the course of time. Is that just generally fair?
John Rice: Well, I mean, most of our price in our contracts, I think the last one came in, in February. So most of the contracts have been realized in this. And going forward, I think we, maybe, pick up 1 or 2 contracts for a month in the last quarter that well realize for the rest of the year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Oilseed Processing, just to circle back on this one for just a moment. If I understand you right, the crushing market environment in the margins gives you some concern. John, I think you laid out the case that as time progresses, the demand growth is good so margin should improve? And Ray, I think you pointed out that we get $100 million benefit in the next quarter or something of that magnitude because of the European oilseed purchases. So it sounds to me like in the short term, maybe we've got some benefits from how you bought the European crop, and then in the longer term, we should just see utilization rates improve as demand continues to increase. Do I have that roughly correct putting everyone's comments together?
Ray Young: Yes, roughly. And that's a good synopsis.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then just a question on weather. So we are seeing flooding in Missouri and Mississippi, snow in North Dakota, drought in Texas. Are you concerned about production or not at all at this juncture of time?
John Rice: Well, not concerned is a little strong. But we've went through this many times, 2000, we're still -- corn planting is behind, but we're still ahead of 2008 corn planting. We're always monitoring. It's a very fluid situation. And yes, we have to manage and watch what are supply is. It gets reset twice a year around this place on raw materials, and how you balance and how you run your assets. I do think we'll get the crop in, and then you have to watch the weather and what the yields are. These are always very fluid and situations we have to watch. To say I'm not concerned, I don't know if I'm never concerned.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Okay, that's fair. Last question is for both John and Pat. I think the stock is down today, and I think a lot of people are just trying to understand the composition of numbers. I want to just ask you this question, do you believe that this basic environment, though, is a good one? So whether the profits show up in Oilseeds or show up in Ag Services, is this not fundamentally an environment where ADM should perform well across its various divisions. Is that the basic message you guys are trying to deliver today?
Patricia Woertz: No. I think we did perform well, frankly. So I think that is -- all environments are ones that I think our team has the ability to show different strengths, but I think volatility and difficulties and challenging logistics, et cetera, our team is unsurpassed and unmatched in terms of being able to perform well in difficult environments.
John Rice: And I will look at the company as a whole, on the operating earnings and how we're doing. So I'm not as concerned as long as the businesses are performing well, as 1 division is down, the other division is up. Because I actually know how we manage the businesses and the assets.
Ray Young: Again, it gets back to John's comment. I know -- and we've talked about this, Dave, and quarterly earnings are important for a lot of people. We recognize that. But were trying to look at this business longer term. A lot of it is due to, again, how we mark-to-market things, how we book inventory, et cetera, et cetera. So I don't want to lose sight of the fact that, looking at the first 9 months of this year, our segment operating profits are running at $3.1 billion. And that's a pretty impressive performance; that's a 28% higher than the same period 2010. So again getting back to Pat's comment, we think that this year, we were actually having a very, very good year this year. We've taken advantage of some opportunities that present itself; they executed it well. And as we head into fourth quarter, as John indicated, it's a dynamic situation. The team has been to these types of markets before, and we're going to continue to manage it. And then as we head into 2012 and beyond, we just -- we have a focus here and trying to -- making sure we drive value creation. And that's the reason why we're very much focused on long-term earnings growth, making sure that we're focused on driving returns. That's part of the reason why we're going to bring in the return on equity measure here into the company as well. So we feel pretty good about like where we're driving this company going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Has been answered. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz from Rafferty Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: John, can you just talk a little bit kind of on a macro level about the global feed supply situation? I think we hear you kind of loud and clear on the demand side, and as demand continues to grow at a pretty good pace, and you expect to see meal supplies kind of being absorbed into this demand. But are we in a situation right now between very strong oil prices and therefore a lot of meal supply, DDGs and then the wheat situation where we're kind of in an imbalance beyond just the traditional formulations? Are we seeing something unique here or something that's going to be -- is this a shift kind of in the way we should look at feed going forward due to these new kind of larger entrances into the market?
John Rice: I wouldn't say it's a shift going forward. I think we've seen the shift here in the last 3 years or 4 years and weve brought more volatility to the market where many feed manufacturers and many poultry and beef and swine. People are looking at whatever the best cost formulations are. So whether wheat, corn, they're willing to switch in and out more now than they have been in the past. So it is more fluid, but I think it's been that way for about the last 4 to 5 years with the volatility in the market. And whether they are feeding DDGs or corn, it's really basically the same thing, except maybe the DDGs helps our lysine demand a little bit more. So I think it's a -- we do have a little bit of overcapacity in the world right now. This is nothing unusual. And at the South American crop, 3 or 4 months ago, we are talking about a not very good crop in Argentina, and the Argentine crushers wouldnt be running very hard. Now that's changed. We're going to manage our assets accordingly and going forward. I mean, we have to plan for the long-term in this business, and that's what we're doing. And we figure that periods we're going to have a little bit of overcapacity, but we're always managing supply with demand.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: Put it on another way, if [indiscernible] had a better conditioned wheat crop, and I guess DDGs are kind of where they are in terms of supply. There's not a whole lot of new capacity coming online. Would a better wheat crop alleviate kind of this oversupply in the feed situation? Would that be just enough to kind of get it back into better balance?
John Rice: No. I guess I'd look at it different. I think what we're seeing is we're going to see more wheat being substituted for corn on a global basis, depending on what happens with the tariffs coming out of the Ukraine and Russia, whether they're going to be exporting more corn or not, how Argentina's crop comes in. So I think it's more of a wheat to corn situation than it is soy, but when you start blending more wheat, you also affect the soy. So I think it's very dynamic, and it's constantly moving. But I think we really just need to have good crops in North America, and that will help alleviate part of the problems globally.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: And Pat, can you kind of talk to us about your thoughts and opinions on the current U.S. situation policy-wise, whether it's the tariffs or the credits that are going to be kind of back up for discussion? Where do you see those conversations sitting right at this point? And how confident are you that the blender's credits are even around to talk about it going forward it?
Patricia Woertz: Well, first of all, we're working with other ethanol stakeholders and the administration and Congress to think about policies that would continue to promote the industry. Not only through this year but into next year and well beyond. And that could be discussions that include variations of VTech, which I'm sure you've read about, that have opportunities to add to some of the discussions again in the long-term. I am confident in -- I am confident in it that biofuels as a policy in the U.S. and the RFS, and what ethanol has always already contributed to sort of the mitigation of higher fuel prices, the offset to imported energy, be it at the oil level or at refined product level, is a positive thing and supported by Washington. Of course, as you know, the discussions about where you have additional revenue come from, discussions about credits or a variety of opportunities to offset diminished revenue is part of the conversation. So I think that our industry will work with Washington to make itself known. And I feel that over the long-term, biofuels have a real role to play, not in 100% replacement, but certainly a significant aspect to the transportation fuel pool in this country. And I think both sides of the isle understand and know that in Washington and want to trying to find a solution.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Pat, just quickly. In the press release today, under current market conditions, you've written that global economic conditions are being impacted by significant geopolitical developments, rising energy cost and evolving monetary policies, and these all have potential to tamper global economic growth. Can you explain to me why you decided to put that in the release today? It sounds a little different from your typical strategy.
Patricia Woertz: Yes, thanks, Rob. We thought about a short paragraph that acknowledged not only some of our customers concerns but just the overall economic conditions, which we always monitor and are always part of the risk factors, et cetera. In this current conditions, including the last quarter and even, of course as we were writing this, even announcements about finding Osama Bin Laden et cetera, are impacted by geopolitical developments that have sort of been unprecedented, so we kind of thought these confluences of events continue to be a current condition that always you should monitor, whether its the monetary and fiscal policies. Certainly rising energy cost sometimes have been there alone. Sometimes, there's one geopolitical event, but the fact that these were a group of events, the elements continue to be something that has the potential to affect economic growth. And again, our customers and other as you read, this isn't any different than what you're reading in the Wall Street Journal every morning or any other paper. So it was an acknowledgment of that.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: And lastly for John, is there any way to quantify the negative impact on your business of the North African kind of political problems and then the Japan earthquake? And can we look at that as kind of like a one-time negative in Ag Services that goes away?
Ray Young: Well, I'd like to say that geopolitical situations throughout the world will go away. But we're always going to have different situations as time goes on. So yes, I mean, we had unprecedented volatility. We had people managing inventory is different. Many of our customers managing their inventories different. So I'd like to say that, that goes away. But from quarter-to-quarter, it's always tough to say.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Q&A session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Patricia Woertz.
Patricia Woertz: Well, thank you very much for your interest and questions today. And we'll talk with you on the call next quarter. Bye now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-02-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad - Vice President of Investor Relations John Rice - Vice Chairman and Member of Strategic Planning Committee Patricia Woertz - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Planning Committee Ray Young - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Member of Strategic Planning Committee
Analysts: Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Todd Duvick - Bank of America Corporation Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Archer Daniels Midland Company Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dianna, and I'll be the operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Dianna. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide 3 lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today. And I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. This quarter, we are hosting our conference call from Europe as we have spent a week with our European team and ADM's Board of Directors reviewing our operations here.  I'll begin as always with safety. During the quarter, we reduced our lost workday injury rate by another 5%, and total recordable incident rate by 15% compared to fiscal 2010. We continue to make important progress on safety. Turning to our financial results. This morning, we reported net earnings of $732 million or $1.14 per share on a fully diluted basis, a 30% improvement versus the prior year. Operating profit improved by 40%. Excluding the large LIFO charge and other specified items that Ray will discuss in a moment, ADM earned $1.29 per share. I'm very happy to say that the ADM team delivered outstanding performance across the board, resulting in record operating profit. Amid strong demand and regional dislocations, we used our vast global network to deliver for our customers and for our shareholders. During the quarter, we continued executing our strategy to drive profitable growth. In North America at the end of December, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in Golden Peanut, the largest U.S. handler, processor and exporter of peanuts. This is a business that fits well with our existing U.S. Oilseed and Export operations, and will support our growth objectives in the global oilseeds business. We are enhancing our U.S. origination footprint with the construction of an elevator in South Dakota and two elevators in Nebraska. In South America, we opened the first large-scale fertilizer blending plant in Paraguay. This plant, located on the Paraguay river in Villeta, will strengthen ADM's connection to the country's growing agricultural sector. The soybean processing facility that we discussed last quarter is being constructed adjacent to the plant. Also in January, we founded the ADM Institute for the Prevention of Postharvest Loss at the University of Illinois. This global institute will work with farmers in the developing world to help reduce the 10% to 20% of the global grain harvest lost to mishandling and postharvest operations each year. Looking ahead, global markets remain dynamic. In this environment, we used ADM's exceptional capabilities, our unique global asset base and the insights of our team to drive value and to serve vital needs.  Now I'll turn the call over to Ray who will review our results.
Ray Young: Thanks, Pat, and hello to everyone on the call today. I'm very happy to be with you to share our second quarter results. Slide 5 lists our financial highlights for the quarter. We will discuss the quarterly results but also list the accumulative six-month results for your reference.  Overall, financial results this quarter were very strong. Segment operating profit was $1.36 billion, up $392 million or about 40% from a year ago. And in a moment, I'll review our results on a segment-by-segment basis. Quarterly net earnings were $732 million, up $165 million from last year's second quarter, and earnings per share we're $1.14 compared to last year's EPS of $0.88.  Looking at our effective income tax rate for the quarter, reported tax is at 27%. Similar to our first quarter and just down over 1% compared to second quarter of last year. As you can see from the waterfall chart at the bottom of the page, we've called out a few items. You'll note that there was a significant change in our LIFO inventory reserves due to sharp rises in commodity prices over the last three months. We recorded a charge of $158 million after tax or approximately $0.25 per share compared to a $0.05 charge in the same period last year. Also we had net gains of other specified items of $64 million or $0.10 per share. These were comprised of: One, a gain of $44 million after-tax or $0.07 per share, as a result of revaluing our prior 50% interest in Golden Peanut to fair value in conjunction with our purchase of the remaining interests; two, mark-to-market gains on interest rate swaps that contributed $34 million after-tax or $0.05 per share; and three, startup cost this quarter of $14 million after-tax or $0.02 per share. We'll discuss these in greater detail when we review our corn segment. For simplicity, these specified items are grouped together here on the waterfall chart, and we've broken them out for you in the appendix. Adjusting for these specified items, ADM earned a $1.29 per share. I would also like to note that in the second quarter, we updated our estimates of the remaining service lives of various machinery and equipment assets. The new estimates of the economic lives of these assets are based upon manufacturing, engineering data and analysis from completion of our major investments. The lower depreciation charge improved second quarter earnings by $24 million after-tax or $0.04 per share, and this change will also favorably impact future quarters by a similar amount. Slide 6 shows the breakdown of our segment operating profit. You'll note that all segments contributed meaningfully to this quarter's record operating profit.  Let's turn to Slide 7 to begin the review of each segment in greater detail. We'll start with Oilseeds Processing on Slide 7. Oilseeds operating profit in the second quarter was $325 million. Crushing & Origination results increased $7 million to $200 million for the quarter.  We balanced our operating rates by region, which enhanced overall margins. Our acquisition of the controlling interest in Golden Peanut and the resulting revaluation generated a pretax gain of $71 million, which is included in the Crushing & Origination results. South America gained from improved fertilizer and grain origination results. European results were lower due to mark-to-market timing effects, essentially, differences in how we account for changes in valuations of inventory and corresponding futures and other contracts. This negative impact was only partially offset by improved margins, including the strong softseed positioning.  Refining, Packaging, Biodiesel and other profit increased $2 million to $78 million for the quarter, on good demand for value-added products and improved European Biodiesel results, offset by weaker results from South America. Oilseed results in Asia declined $36 million to $47 million for the quarter, reflecting ADM's share of the weaker results of our equity investee, Wilmar International Ltd. Looking at the crop. The U.S. soybean crop, as reported by the USDA was 3.3 billion bushels with a yield of 43.5 bushels per acre, a slightly lower yield than the prior year. The projected U.S. soybean [indiscernible] is 140 million bushels, which is a tight supply. In South America, the soybean harvest has begun, and its prospects seem to be improving, given better weather conditions. Planted acres were up modestly and industry estimates put the South American soybean crop somewhere between 124 million and 127 million metric tons, down from last year's record 134 million metric tons.  The global canola and rapeseed stocks-to-use ratio is tight, reflecting good demand and lower supplies. As you look at current Oilseed Processing market conditions, global protein meal demand is projected to grow by 6% for the '10 and '11 crop year, led by strong demand in Asia. There's been little forward buying by protein meal customers. And U.S. vegetable oil inventory levels remain high but should be reduced by expected Biodiesel demand. Moving to Corn Processing on Slide 8. For the quarter, Corn Processing results increased $109 million to $399 million as we were well positioned as corn prices rose. During the second quarter, Corn Processing volumes were up 24%, reflecting the ramp up of our new dry mills in Columbus, Nebraska and Cedar Rapids, Iowa.  Sweeteners & Starches operating profit decreased $52 million from the prior year to $119 million due to lower average selling prices and higher net corn costs. Sales volumes were up due to improved export sweetener shipments and stronger U.S. demand for industrial starches. As a reminder, our sweeteners and starches line is impacted by the transfer of starch at a market price to the BioProducts group. A year-over-year decline in this transfer price, while net neutral to Corn Processing segment increased our reported profits in BioProducts while reducing reported profits in Sweeteners & Starches.  BioProducts profit in the quarter rose $161 million to $280 million. In the quarter, our ethanol volumes improved, reflecting the ramp up of our new dry mills. And our ethanol margins rose as high world sugar prices made U.S. ethanol the most competitive for export. This resulted in tightening of U.S. supply and demand leading to an increase in prices which kept up with the increase in corn costs. BioProducts result also benefited from good lysine margins. In the quarter, BioProducts reported $22 million pretax startup cost relating to our PHA facility in our propylene ethylene glycol facility. Startup cost from these projects should become insignificant by the end of the fiscal year. Now turning to the crop. The U.S. corn crop as estimated by USDA was 12.5 billion bushels with a yield of about 153 bushels per acre, down from the prior year's yield of 165 bushels per acre. The corn carryout is projected to be tight at 745 million bushels, which will be a factor as farmers make their planting decisions in the next few months.  As we look at current market conditions, ethanol spot margins are at or below unleaded gasoline before the $0.45 per gallon blender's credit. Spot ethanol margins are near breakeven. U.S. ethanol industry exports were about 360 million gallons for the calendar year 2010, which help support overall demand. The one-year extension of the blender's credit and the U.S. EPA's recent decision on enhanced blending, are supportive of ethanol. Exports are expected to grow in 2011 as the U.S. corn-based ethanol remains the most competitive in the global market.  Lysine demand remains strong. Industry corn sweetener volumes, driven by exports to Mexico and Canada continue at high levels. Industry export volumes to Mexico were about 1.5 million metric tons in 2010, up 90% versus 2009 and are projected to grow slightly in 2011. ADM has completed sweetener contract discussions for calendar year 2011 and realized an approximately 25% price increase on sweetener contracts, which should be sufficient to improve margins despite increased corn costs. Now let's turn to Slide 9 and review the operating performance of our Agricultural Services business segment. Profits in Ag Services increased $276 million to $426 million for the second quarter. Merchandising & Handling profit increased $273 million to $376 million. Conditions were very favorable for Merchandising & Handling in the quarter. ADM's growing global origination and export infrastructure moved large quantities of grain. We also had record ADM export volumes from the U.S. In addition, the global merchandising team was successful through the quarter navigating the volatile markets. Favorable conditions included a large U.S. harvest and strong international demand. Earnings from Transportation operations improved on higher-barge freight rates and volumes. As you look at current market conditions, global supplies of corn, soybeans, canola and rapeseed remain dynamic. Global supply of wheat is ample, though there is some regional dislocations and quality issues. South American farmers have begun harvesting their crops. In North America, farmers are considering planting decisions. We're monitoring and will adapt to the many variables that impact global markets, including geopolitics, regional crop conditions and potential changes in export and import regulations. Slide 10 is an operating profit analysis of our other business units. In the second quarter, profits were $212 million, up $34 million from the prior year. Our wheat, cocoa and Gruma processing results were very similar to last year's strong results. Other financial results rose $33 million primarily due to reductions in provisions in our captive insurance subsidiary. We are carefully assessing the evolving and sensitive situation in Cote d'Ivoire and the impact of the European Union's sanctions on our business. Our primary concern is the safety and welfare of our employees. And we hope for a quick and peaceful resolution. Turning to Slide 11, the major components of our corporate line. Market prices for our LIFO-based inventories rose sharply last quarter, resulting in a charge of $254 million compared to a charge of $54 million last year. Interest expense net is higher in the current year by $12 million. During last year's quarter, approximately $21 million of our interest cost was capitalized in connection with the construction projects in progress. This has declined significantly this year as most of the assets have now been put into service. Helping to mitigate this effect, interest cost on our long-term debt was down approximately $11 million as a result of debt retirements. We also recognized $55 million of unrealized gains on interest rate swaps which, as we have discussed in our first quarter call, are related to future debt remarketing. Our corporate cost are up due mainly to a higher eliminations of minority interest income related to improved earnings of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries. Slide 12 shifts to the financial statement view and shows statement of earnings highlights fourth quarter. Net sales and other operating income increased 32% to almost $21 billion due to generally higher average selling prices associated with higher prices for underlying commodities and higher sales volumes as global demand was strong. Gross profit increased $181 million or 17% this quarter due to improved volumes and higher average selling prices, offset partially by higher costs to acquire agricultural commodities and the $254 million of pretax LIFO charges discussed earlier. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 15% to $412 million due primarily to a higher employee and benefit-related costs. Other income increased $87 million to $176 million due in part to the gain on our Golden Peanut transaction, the unrealized gains on interest rate swaps and offset by higher expense for the elimination of minority interests, and I covered the changes in income taxes earlier in the call. On Slide 13, we're comparing selected balance sheet highlights at December 31 against our June 30 balance sheet. Operating working capital has increased by $6 billion to almost $15 billion, principally on higher inventories. Inventories have risen by about $5 billion due to a combination of significantly higher commodity prices and the seasonal buildup of inventory from the North American harvest. Inventory includes approximately $8.3 billion of readily marketable commodities as of December 31 compared to $4.9 billion at the end of June.  Total debt increased by $5 billion mainly from borrowings of commercial paper in money market lines to help finance the higher inventory balances. Shareholders' equity increased $1.3 billion during the past six months. During the second quarter, we increased the size of our U.S. commercial paper program from $4.2 billion to $6.5 billion, and $4.3 billion was drawn at the end of the quarter.  We continue to evaluate options to further increase and diversify our funding sources, including the debt remarketing associated with the equity units we issued in 2008. We will evaluate these funding options in conjunction with our expected needs for liquidity including working capital to support our business and investments. Although leverage has increased, we continue to have good financial flexibility to support both our ongoing business and growth initiatives. Slide 14 shows the significant items impacting our cash flows for the past six months compared to the prior year's six-month period. Cash generated from operations was $1.5 billion, down slightly from the prior-year period. Working capital increased $5.6 billion in the past six months due to significantly higher commodity prices and higher inventories including the seasonal buildup associated with the North American harvest. The increase in working capital was funded with about $5 billion in net debt increase. Investments in property, plant and equipment were $645 million for the past six months, significantly lower than the $939 million spent in the prior-year period. This reflects the completion of the majority of our greenfield projects.  We expect fiscal year 2011 capital spending to be approximately $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. And fiscal year 2012 spending is expected to be below fiscal year 2011 levels aside from any significant strategic investments. Also in the six-month period, we bought back 3 million shares for a total spend of $86 million. In June, our equity units will convert to about 44 million common shares. Consistent with our objective to increase shareholder value, our intent is to continue to buy back shares to offset, within two years of the date of conversion, the impact of the dilution. Of course, we will want to ensure our balance sheet remains strong enough to support both the underlying business and to undertake significant strategic investments. And that could have an impact on the timing and the number of shares we repurchase. Turning to Slide 15, which depicts our financial return measure, comparing our historical four-quarter trailing return on invested capital against our trailing four-quarter weighted average cost of capital. As you can see, our ROIC [return on invested capital] was 10%, and our WACC [weighted average cost of capital] is currently running slightly below 7% for a 3% positive return over our cost of capital.  At this time, I'll turn the call back over to Pat.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Ray. John Rice, Steve Mills will join Ray and me for our question-and-answer session. So operator, if you could please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question will come from the line of Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: First, I just want to try to reconcile some of the statements you made about the ethanol business in the quarter. First and foremost, you talked about being well-positioned on corn, which is a carryover from last quarter as well. How much longer is that well positioned going to exist? Because some of the other comments you made I want to make sure are relative to the industry versus you in terms of spot ethanol margins being about breakeven, so can we just start there?
John Rice: Sure, Vincent, this is John. When we started the quarter, ethanol margins were positive. And as we kept going through the quarter, they kept getting closer to a breakeven standpoint. So right now, we're close to, on a overall industry basis when you look at that, fairly close to break even. Now how the corn would come into play is, like we've mentioned in the past, it's always on a mark-to-market at the end of any given period. So we really have to kind of look at this over a little bit longer period.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then the other thing I'm trying to piece out of it, is there a cost savings that you're getting from greater economies of scale from these plants that's part of this too? You put up a very big number in that segment this quarter, and I think lots of people are going to want to understand what type of number to put in going forward and whether they should even consider multiplying this by four.
John Rice: Well, I was just out visiting our Columbus plant, and I was very happy with how its operating and how the efficiencies are, and the group is still working on additional cost savings. And as we look at our metrics and what we looked before building this operation, we're very happy on the cost of this plant.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You have the big seven projects that are out there that you guys have marginally completed. Can you talk about the return relative to cost on capital for these projects? When do you think you'll be earning a return above the cost of capital for these projects, and what metrics we should think about?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I'll start, Ken, and maybe Ray or John want to jump in. I think you want to think about always our objective is to beat our cost of capital and in excess of that. So we looked at that going into these plants. Two of the bigger plant projects, of course, are our two dry ethanol plants. And that really depends on one's assumptions whether they be yours or the market's assumptions about margins associated with ethanol over the future. We like the long-term future of ethanol and we think that, that is not only why we put these plants in place but why we continue to run the size of our wet Corn Milling business the way we do as one of the options of our products from that. So we still expect the returns on that business to be above our cost of capital over the long term. And again, it depends on your views about timing of the actual market.
John Rice: The one other thing I'd say too, is also on our two coal Cogeneration operations, they're both up and running. And we're happy with the early results on that, but we're also cognizant of the fact that one time for about a two-month period, natural gas got very cheap and at some of our operations, we're able to shut down our coal boilers and actually run natural gas at those operations. So we're always looking at running them, whatever makes the most cost-effective operation at any given time.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then my next question is on cocoa and wheat, can you talk -- and you didn't you elaborate on what actually happened on the good side there. Can you just talk about, is it sustainable? What actually happened in the quarter and how sustainable it is?
John Rice: We have been -- I think last quarter, we've been mentioning that cocoa margins have been getting better, have been improving. We're seeing very good demand on the powder side of the business. So we've been happy and that seems to be the same going forward. And the Milling side, as pretty much everybody knows now that there is quality issues around the world. And we are working very well within our system to make sure we have very good quality wheat working with our customers. We see the investment pretty steady going -- steady in the past, and we see that the same going forward.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Terry Bivens, JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just want to make sure I understand the discretionary blending picture a little bit here. Can you kind of walk me through that briefly? And where do you think that goes, given some of the things you talked about this morning with the volumes, the exports, et cetera?
Patricia Woertz: Maybe I'll start a little bit with the update of the situation, Terry, of what I think you're referring to as higher blending levels, the E15, maybe just clarify it, is that what you meant?
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes and exactly.
Patricia Woertz: Okay. Back in mid-October, the EPA announced their approval of E15 blends for 2007 and newer vehicles. And then they did another announcement mid-January approving E15 for model years 2001 and newer, so greater number of automobiles. We certainly support E15, but working -- not all cars is not necessarily widely accepted or at speed with which E15 will be within this structure. So I think it will take some time to see higher levels of blend regularly sort of at the pumps, if you will. Maybe John, you want to comment on the export markets?
John Rice: The export market, as Ray mentioned in his comments, we are very competitive in the world. So that we keep seeing that increase especially with the high price of sugar.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And you would expect that level of export to continue, say, over the next couple of quarters at least?
John Rice: If based on what we see today now, the price of sugar ways come down, things can change relative to the price of corn. But right now, yes, especially with the South American sugar harvest, pretty much complete and the ethanol industry is slowing down, down there right now.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Christina McGlone, Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: John, I wanted to understand Oilseeds a little better. For one, I was confused a little bit about the mark-to-market because I thought usually, there's hedge accounting. So I wanted to understand that mark-to-market issue and whether it comes back to you in future quarters. And then also, if you could talk about U.S. crushed margins, because they initially strengthened as the calendar turned. But then, now they seem to have weakened and we have more clarity around biodiesel and the tax incentives, so you would think that crushed margins in the U.S. would start to be stronger.
Ray Young: Christina, it's Ray. Let me address the mark-to-market one and John can address the margins in the future. In our inventory valuations, there are certain inventories that we value at mark-to-market and there are certain inventories that we value at cost. And of course, most of them we have offsetting hedge positions on it. So in the case of the Oilseeds business, we saw some mark-to-market timing effects, which primarily were related to certain inventories which we have to value at cost. And so, the offset was on the other side, which is basically the hedge positions which were mark-to-market, and we took losses on those. Yes, overtime, these things will reverse, but it's going to be a function of pricing and inventory levels as well. So it's very difficult to determine when and the exact amount, but directionally, you're correct, overtime, this should reverse.
John Rice: And I'll answer the question on the North American crushed margins. Your read was absolutely correct. We are seeing and we monitored our crushed rates accordingly to balance supply and demand. And what we see going forward with the mandate and the tax credit, we see biodiesel demand growing here in the last half of this year, the last three quarters of this year, and things are looking a bit better right now, totally agree.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And can you explain, I think, Ray said that biodiesel in South America was weak. And I know you're expanding your capacity there. So you can talk to that, is that short-term or what exactly happened?
John Rice: That was a short-term oversupply in the market issue. But as they keep growing their mandate, we see that not being a problem going forward. I believe that's just more of a timing issue, quarter-to-quarter maybe.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And then, just on Ag Services. If I think about the conditions in the December quarter, it seems like they're even getting better in March in terms of wheat dislocations, because now, there's less European milling wheat to compete with. And I'm wondering if I'm reading that right, if we can think that the conditions we saw in December are as good or if not better currently?
John Rice: Well, as you know that's always tough say. Things are always dynamic. They're moving. We have harvest, will be coming here this summer. And so, a lot has to do with how people are inventoried. Did they overbuy? But I think for the short term, here for the next couple, two, three months, I do agree that the U.S. has the most high-quality milling wheat in the world. So I do expect wheat exports out of the United States.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And John, are you seeing anything with Egypt? We're hearing about port disruptions and maybe revised LOC [limitation of costs] requirements from Egyptian traders?
Ray Young: We're monitoring that situation right now. I mean, there's nothing -- we do not have any boats in the port right now. And anything we have going over there, we can always divert if the situation doesn't resolve itself here.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Last year, you had a mark-to-market gain in the wheat and cocoa division, and I'm curious just going back to Ken Zaslow's question. If you had any sort of gain in this quarter or if this is just purely a function of good fundamentals?
John Rice: There were some mark-to-market effects, but it was immaterial from our perspective. And that's the reason why we didn't call it out.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Jeff Farmer, Jefferies.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: It sounded like you were very well positioned in the December quarter, especially with corn. Is it fair to assume that a big chunk of that positioning rolled into the March quarter?
John Rice: No. I'm sitting here trying to think exactly how to answer that question. We buy corn as we make our sales, and timing difference can come on how you bring your raw material cost to market.
Patricia Woertz: Jeff, we don't provide guidance, so we're really only talk about current conditions, not expectations for our quarter's results or positioning.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then in terms of your contracted sweeteners, you mentioned that, that was up 25%. Can you give us some sense of what percentage of your volume in the Sweeteners & Starches segment that would represent or actually falls under that umbrella of the contract?
John Rice: Somewhere between 50% to 60%.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then just finally, obviously, the HFCS pricing has been reset at a higher level, so the discount of sugar is going to narrow. Based on past experience, what, if anything like this means spot demand in coming quarters? I guess I'm really trying to get at -- could demand or volume growth begin to trail off now that, that delta between again HFCS and spot sugar has narrowed?
John Rice: It has not narrowed enough yet for people to switch out. And we keep seeing more of the demand coming from Mexico. As Mexico blends high fructose, and then ships their sugar up to the United States. So that delta hasn't narrowed enough to affect it.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Bryan Spillane, Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of follow up questions on Corn Processing, the first one is just the differential in the profit trends, I guess year-on-year, between BioProducts and Sweeteners and Starches? And I guess, my basic question is, if you are well positioned in Corn, and the pricing and supply-demand dynamic in Sweetener and starches was so good, why the profitability wasn't better compared year-on-year? Is it just purely a function of the transfer between Sweeteners and Starches and BioProducts, or is the corn you're using in Sweeteners and Starches more, I don't know, higher cost than the corn in BioProducts? I was just trying to get a better clarification on that.
John Rice: Annual contracting, first of all, and then last year, there was a different contract or transfer price between our Sweeteners and Starches division over to our BioProducts. So that was probably the biggest difference there.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So the transfer price is probably the bigger difference?
John Rice: Yes.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just in terms of the HFCS contracts for calendar 2011, are the tolling rates up 25% or is that 25% for the contracts for the customers that don't toll? I'm trying to get a sense for whether some of your customers that have tolling arrangements are going to see that same rate of inflation or not.
John Rice: We don't necessarily break everything down that way to everyone.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: I was under the understanding that there were some customers that actually had two-year contracts last year, is that true?
John Rice: Yes.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, so they wouldn't necessarily have seen much of a change in their contracts or are there escalator clauses, anything that, that would've caused the rates to go up?
John Rice: It depends on the contract. Most contracts it varies.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of David Driscoll, Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Can you talk about your expectations for a volume improvement in the Starches and Sweeteners operations? The way I looked at it is in certain areas within Starches and Sweeteners, this is not just a fructose question, we have not actually seen a full rebound back to 2008 levels. That's my impression. Is that impression correct? And would you expect volume growth in calendar 2011?
John Rice: You're correct, David. We're still not back to the 2008 levels, and I think it's tied to the economy. As the economy keeps growing, I think our volumes will keep increasing.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So it's generally a positive for -- the way I want to phrase this whole situation up, this contract pricing went very well and you're looking for the continued volume growth in 2011. Is that fair?
Ray Young: When it comes to the Starch business, the way we see today, yes.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: On the Cocoa and Wheat and Other segment, last quarter, you were $46 million in profit. Ray, John, you both made it sound like the profit margins in these businesses from last quarter to this quarter were unchanged. I mean, the sequential change in profit is absolutely enormous. Can you just help me out in understanding why? I mean, there's some of the -- I mean it's a good news, because it's such a big profit number but there's a little bit of whiplash going on here in trying to make the models work. How do you go from $46 million to $200 million?
Ray Young: Well, I guess part of it is just due to the mark-to-market timing effects that kind of distorts some of the numbers from the prior quarter. When we look at the fundamental business in the Cocoa business, we are seeing improving pressed margins in the business. And so, from our perspective, we believe that the business is actually running well and the trend is actually favorable for business as we see it.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So then what gives rise to those big mark-to-market? Can you just describe the situation that we all should be looking for, so that we're not punching in $200 million in profits and then next quarter it's $46 million.
Ray Young: Well it's similar to the Oilseeds, there is going to be certain effects relating to how we mark their inventory relative to how we mark the offsetting hedge positions. For Cocoa, it's a little bit complicated. There's some other complexities in the Cocoa accounting, which is probably not worth the while talking about today. But all I'm saying is there are timing effects. And as a result, when you see volatility in terms of prices, you do see some effects going through the reported statements.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Ray, if there's any way we could follow-up on this one, I'd appreciate it, because I'm having a hard time with that segment. So last question, Pat, you said E15, I think you made comments and you said that this is going to be a slow build. I want to translate that comment in saying that E15 is not likely in calendar '11. This is something like a 2012 event at the earliest because of all the state gasoline regulations that have to change. Am I saying, basically, the same thing that you were saying earlier?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think it's a slow go. Maybe I'll ask John for a recent update if customers are having any pull. A few customers have said that they are interested and even buying, but I think as a wholesale infrastructure basis, so to speak, it's going to be slow.
John Rice: Yes, I agree with what Pat said. But it is positive news to have out there just as the power fleet keeps getting more turned over. We should see more of our customers put up an E15, especially with the price spread we see right now.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Todd Duvick, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America Corporation: I wanted to ask about your debt structure, if I could. The last time the industry saw a similar run up in commodity prices, you had a working capital build. And I think, at that time in 2008, you decided to term out about $3 billion of debt in the long-term debt capital markets. And so far, this time, you have not issued any long-term debt. And so, I'm wanting to know if you can talk a little bit about what may be different today? Do you see greater visibility for the direction of commodity prices? And how are you thinking about the long-term debt capital markets?
Ray Young: Yes, Todd, I mean right now, as we are looking at our capital plans, we're analyzing, of course, where we think commodity prices are going. We're analyzing where we're heading in terms of potentially strategic investments. Of course, we have a debt remarketing decision coming up in front of us, which we've made no decision yet, so far. And so, there's a number of variables that we're analyzing right now in terms of determining what our actual capital raising strategy will be. This actually will be something that we'll be working on, frankly, over the next several quarters. And so, the important thing is we do have a lot of financial flexibility. We've got a lot of funding options, so stay tuned. We'll update you as we start moving through some of these different options.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America Corporation: And then, I guess related to that, you have, as a company, talked about your acquisition appetite over the last year or so. And I'm just wondering if the elevated short-term debt level, if it somewhat tempers your aquisition appetite in the near term or maybe for larger acquisitions? Can you comment on that?
Ray Young: Yes, I mean, a lot of our short-term debts is really designed for working capital funding or higher inventory balances associated with the seasonal buildup. I mean, we will see our inventories come down over the next couple of quarters as we sell off some of our North American stock. As you know, there's a cycle in terms of our inventory balance as against our short-term borrowings. So from our perspective, we believe we've got flexibility in order to enter into strategic investments.
Patricia Woertz: It's always important, Todd, to keep our balance sheet strong, and we always want to undertake the underlying business. We don't feel though that, that will hamper our ability to do our M&A.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Christine McCracken, Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: You guys mentioned several times the tight global balance sheets for Oilseeds and Corn. I'm just wondering, are you seeing any signs of rationing of demand at the higher levels? We've seen a few disease outbreaks in Asia that could impact demand, but I'm just wondering, like big picture, if you're seeing anybody kind of pull back at the higher prices?
John Rice: Overall demand, we've seen maybe a little bit of slowdown in China but they also had very large arrivals in the previous month. We're also coming into the Chinese new year. But right now, we're really seeing more people looking at substitution maybe more pea and wheat instead of corn, DDGs [distiller's dried grains] instead of corn, lysine instead of soybean meal. So we're seeing more of that, but I guess the overall demand still seems to be very good.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And just on the Argentina situation, I know it seems to happen every year with these port strikes, but it does sound like it's slowing things down into some of the crushing facilities down there, and kind of mucking things up. I'm just wondering, is this kind of a short-term situation that you don't expect to have a material impact on the quarter? Or is it just too soon to say?
John Rice: I think you are right on your first comment. That seems to be an ongoing situation of fluid down there. That always seems to work itself out. I mean, I'd say I think that's the best answer I can give at this time.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And nothing tied to the smaller crop than in Argentina that would have any material impact on your outlook for South American margins?
John Rice: Well, it's going to depend on the size of the crop, but February weather is also still very important in the Argentine crop, and they have been getting some rains lately.
Operator: And the next question will come from the line of Ann Gurkin, Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: I wanted to start, just to make sure I understand, were there any pullthroughs of future orders into this quarter that would impact the second half? Is there any material movement in the business that we should be worried about?
John Rice: No, there was no -- nothing that you mentioned in terms of pulling ahead of orders or pulling ahead sales. No.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: On the Corn side, John do care to comment at all on expectations for you as plantings of the corn crop or yield? Do you have any insight?
John Rice: No. We have opinions but I guess right now is not the time to share.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: In terms of swing volume for the wet mill, can you comment where that excess volume? Is that going towards sweeteners or ethanol right now?
John Rice: Just due to the pickup in the Mexican shipments, we tend to see more sweetener shipments to Mexico. And it tends to balance out the peaks and valleys a little bit more than what we've seen in the past. So it's still very fluid, but it's not unusual to be shipping more steady volumes year-round to Mexico. In the United States, it still tends to peak a little bit more in the summer.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Ian Horowitz, Rafferty Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: Ray, just a quick question, you mentioned the start-up charges at the PHA and the propylene glycol facilities. Do you have those broken out at all?
Ray Young: Well, they're pretty small. I mean, I'm not sure, where there's a -- in terms of breaking out between the two, the different plants, no. I mean, I think typically, we referred to those as start up costs. Again, they're pretty small, and they're going to be phased out with the remainder of the fiscal year. So from our perspective, fairly insignificant.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: I understand and I'm just trying to look from the other side of that perspective, especially on the PHA side.
Ray Young: We're not going to break it out. I mean, I think that from our perspective, again, the key is that they're being phased out, the startup cost.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: And then, on the Ag Services segment, a fantastic quarter to say the least. I'm just wondering from a throughput standpoint, will any growth that we have kind of going forward, come more from a pricing and a rate basis rather than a volume or utilization basis? I mean, were these assets basically maxed out throughout the quarter?
John Rice: We did see record exports, and we have increased the capacity at our Destrehan facility. And we have added another export elevator that we did have idle here about two years ago. We brought that online last year. So we had very good volumes through it, but a lot has to do with the weather, the type of ships, when the barges, when the railcars come, the group did a fantastic job on handling a lot of the logistics, and that helped with the volume.
Patricia Woertz: And you might want to keep in mind that's a global origination and transportation network as well. And so I think that allows for our utilization of those assets and we have added more.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: Sure, so when we look out to build our forecast, we can still see a volume increase going forward.
John Rice: I think it depends on where the shipments are coming out. If it's coming out of United States, South America or Europe. You have to find out who's the most competitive at any given time.
Ray Young: I mean, it's normally seasonal -- there's certainly seasonal pattern in the U.S. harvest, and I mean, normally, if that would be translating to higher volumes through the U.S. network there as well.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: John, can you kind of comment on the 2011 Ethanol business? Kind of what do you think, I know it's kind of early in the year but how much of the business do you think is going to be supplied by financial versus physical? And then, kind of on a follow-up to that, how do you see the business right now? Is it very prompt? Has it elongated at all? And is it different than we've seen in recent years?
John Rice: I don't think much of it is going to be financial. Just currently, depending on the markets here, and you could be easily $0.10 to $0.20 for getting the blender's credit underneath unleaded gasoline. So people are going to still blend as much as they can. I think, maybe a little bit more of the dynamic we're seeing this year is we've had very poor weather in the East so we have seen a little bit of slowdown in demand there. But if overall, we still have a little bit extra capacity in the market, so that is going to put a damper on the market. But long-term, as E15 comes more into play, exports are there. We're still very positive on the business and we're very happy with the efficiency of our plants. And the market still is a very, very spot buyers. You'll always get some people wanting to buy a little forward but it's very spot.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: Do you have any understanding or estimate on how many RINs [renewable identification numbers] are available this year?
Patricia Woertz: About 2.4 billion RINs are available. That could be used to offset future purchase.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: I know that the E15 uptick is going to be kind of elongated or slower, however you want to put it, but what percentage or what volume of gasoline does 2001 or earlier represent currently?
John Rice: Well it's a car. Ray has a better handle, I think the fleet turns over, every...
Patricia Woertz: I think it's about 60% of the fleet. I don't know if I have that number handy.
Ray Young: Yes, and I think, there's been a lot of studies that sounds about right. And I mean, as you would expect, I mean, it's going to quickly decrease. I mean these cars are getting pretty old, so they just kind of quickly decrease over the next three or four years.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: So right now, 60% of the fleet in 2001 or earlier and would that kind of represent a linear percentage or...
Patricia Woertz: The newer vehicles are the larger number. I think it's greater than 50% but I -- sorry, what was your question Ian?
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets, LLC: Would that represent a similar percentage of the gasoline pool? Or do newer cars drive further miles? Older cars are kind of local commuter or not, I mean it's...
Patricia Woertz: The answer is yes, and we have those numbers. I think they're on the renewable fuels. The association website, but I don't have them handy. We can get that to you, Ian.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Robert Moskow, Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: You guys have given us a lot of possible places for allocating capital, and some you've already done, and some that might be that in the future. You've got grain elevators in South Dakota, Nebraska. You have acquisitions, which I think will be in emerging markets and oilseeds. If you took over the other part of Golden Peanut, you also talked about buying back stock and then remarketing the debt. Can you just give us, how do you look at the return profile of these different possibilities? And I know you say want to update us later, but I mean, is it fair to say anyway that the acquisitions would be higher return investments with maybe a longer-term profile, and maybe grain elevators in South Dakota, Nebraska, I mean, I imagine those are safe bets but lower return ideas.
Patricia Woertz: Maybe I'll start, and Ray can jump in. I think your theory is actually kind of right on, that you could look at different investments over a different time frames and chunk them into sort of short and sooner or lower and farther and more strategic for the emerging markets. So we look at all of that along with always comparing to kind of a share buyback as another option. So when you listed those off, we're nodding yes, because they all fit into the strategy of filling out the global footprint, which includes both the global network, which continued to add to storage transportation, et cetera, in the Ag Services arena. And then also the emerging markets in our 7% to 10% growth we want to do in crushed.
Ray Young: Yeah, I think it's fair to say that we have a portfolio approach towards growth. They weren't simply not going to M&A our way to growth. Yes, we found that there's been a lot of fundamental investments, smaller investments that actually tend to have very, very good returns and very low risks. And that's a basic foundation of how we're growing ADM from a profitability perspective. And so we're going to continue to allocate capital to these areas, recognizing that some of the strategic investments that we're going to look at -- that we're looking at right now, we may have a very different risk tolerance because strategically, we may feel that we need to enter these types of markets or these types of areas. And so there's not one-size-fit-all approach to towards how we evaluate investments. It really is a portfolio approach that we're taking to this.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up question from the line of Christina McGlone, Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: John, I wanted to ask how you thought oilseed processing utilization rates will progress as we move through this calendar year. And I guess, as we look to the fall, are we able to get back to the 90%, 95% utilization rate?
John Rice: I think that's going to depend on the South American harvest, and how that comes. The protein demand, as you know, has not been real good in the United States, but we have with this Biodiesel demand increasing, it could make the crush rates go up and actually make our protein meal more competitive to the world market. So I think we still have to see but the possibilities are there, yes.
Operator: And the next question is also a follow-up question from the line of Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: John, I just wanted to ask you, in the last Ag Services cycle, your balance sheet and credit availability, and maybe it was more towards the tail end, but it was a distinct advantage. Is that the case here as well?
John Rice: I'm sorry, I didn't understand the question.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: My question was, the size of your balance sheet or your commercial paper access and so forth during the last sort of Ag Services boom was a distinct advantage to you relative to some of your competitors who don't enjoy the same type of access. Is that as impactful situation here as well in the current environment?
John Rice: I don't think it's as impactful this time as last time. We haven't seen that. But still when you have commodity prices running up and people having to make margin calls, it is tougher for them to hold inventories.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then just another follow up on that same line, in the last cycle, freight costs were very high and many believe that there were sort of a freight arbitrage of you guys having long-term freight contracts, of being able to charge the spot. And now freight is very low. So is that actually a disadvantage to you if you have longer-term contracts or have you been able to sort of change your contracts around?
John Rice: We're always looking at hedging freight, so we're always monitoring that market on a global basis. And we're always charging it out to customers at market prices, so I wouldn't say it's an advantage or disadvantage.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then lastly on this line, is there anything in particular that was positive about this particular Ag Services cycle that's unique to today relative to something that we didn't see last time around that you want to call out for us?
Patricia Woertz: I think volumes continue to be something we talked about, record exports in the U.S. and our global system moving a lot of grains. I think this quarter generally should beat that discussions relative to the total earnings power of ADM's global network. It's global demand and it's a global network that's ready to serve that.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then lastly for Ray, just on interest expense. Is this quarter, assuming commodity prices flat line from here, would this be a run rate or is it going to trend a little higher from here?
Ray Young: Well, as you know, I mean, we've increased our short-term borrowings so this is going to be a little higher interest expense, but it's going to be insignificant in the whole scheme of things. So from our perspective, whether this is a run rate or not, I mean, it's probably going to be indicative.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Pat Woertz, Chairman and CEO for closing remarks.
Patricia Woertz: Great. Well, thank you, everyone for your time today. We appreciate all your questions. Slide 17 shows our upcoming Investor Conferences, and we certainly look forward to talking with you on our next call on May. Bye now.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you again for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven Mills - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dwight Grimestad - Vice President of Investor Relations John Rice - Executive Vice President of Commercial & Production Patricia Woertz - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG Michael Picken - CRC Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Ian Horowitz - Soleil David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name Chantalle [ph] (2:42), and I will be your facilitator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Chantalle [ph] (3:11). Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide 3 lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today, and I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. As you turn to Slide 4, as I usually do, I'll begin with safety. As we closed out our fiscal 2010, we reduced our lost work day injury rate by 26% and our total recordable injury rate by 9% compared to 2009. I would like to thank ADM colleagues and contractors alike for your efforts and commitment to improve safety. Turning to our financial results. The ADM team finished strong, capping a very good year with very good fourth quarter performance. This morning, we reported annual net earnings of $1.9 billion or $3 per share and quarterly net earnings of $446 million or $0.69 per share. Our large projects are nearly finished. We have started up our dry ethanol mill in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, which should be fully operational by the end of this month. And we are moving toward completion of our propylene glycol plant in Decatur, Illinois, though we've slowed the pace as we work through some start-up issues. We expect this plant to be fully operational in the fourth quarter of this calendar year. As we begin our new fiscal year, we commit to use our strong balance sheet and cash flow to deliver shareholder value. In the past, we've discussed with you our strategy to expand the volume and scope of our core model. Now as we start the year, I want to give you a clear sense of how and where we intend to grow over the next five years. I plan to provide some detail each quarter, so let me start this quarter with Global Oilseeds. We will grow crush volumes over the next five years at a compound annual growth rate of 7% to 10%. This is about double the predicted market growth, and we will achieve this through both organic growth and acquisitions. For that goal, we have begun construction of a soybean crush plant in the port city of Villeta, Paraguay. The plant will have a capacity of 3,300 metric tons per day and is targeted to be operational in 2012. This plant adds more than 25% to our South American crush capacity, and we'll provide more information on this project in an announcement later today. In future quarters, we'll detail how and where we intend to grow Ag Services, Corn and Sugar. Using our strong balance sheet and cash flow to generate shareholder value demands a strong capital allocation process and a pipeline of good projects. We have built that process, and we continue to fill that pipeline. We will invest in projects that, when fully integrated into our business, enable us to meet or exceed company return rates of 2% over our weighted average cost of capital. As you may know, we have a substantial authorization for share buybacks. We have recently spoken with the rating agencies and have regained some flexibility for share repurchase. We did buy back $100 million of shares in the fourth quarter. Going forward, as we look at uses of cash flow, share repurchase is now among our options. Our performance this quarter again demonstrates the success of ADM's ongoing balanced business model, and the substantial growth objectives we've set focus our energy and our investment for the future. As we deliver on these objectives, we will make ADM an even stronger company, better able to serve the world's growing demand for agriculture. I'll turn the call now over to Steve, who will review our segment results for the quarter.
Steven Mills: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. You turn to Slide 5, please. Slide 5 lists our financial highlights for the quarter and for the fiscal year. Overall, financial results rebounded strongly this quarter from the depressed levels of a year ago when we were feeling the impacts of the weak global economy. Segment operating profit was $799 million, up $591 million from a year ago. And in a moment, I'll review these results on a segment-by-segment basis. Quarterly net earnings were $446 million, up $388 million from last year's fourth quarter, and earnings per share were $0.69 compared to last year's EPS of $0.09. Looking at our effective income tax rate, you'll note that our full year rate came in at just under 26%, mainly due to a slightly more favorable final geographic mix of earnings than we had been forecasting. Finalizing this full year rate then resulted in a tax rate for the quarter of about 19%. And as a reminder, last year's income taxes for the quarter and year included charges of $61 million and $158 million, respectively, related to changes in the holding company structure of our equity investee, Wilmar International Limited. As we look forward to fiscal year 2011, we're estimating at this time a tax rate of about 28%. As you can see from the waterfall chart for the quarter, on the bottom left of the page, we've called out a couple of items. LIFO had a negative impact this quarter of $15 million after tax or approximately $0.02 per share due to rising commodity prices. And with the start-up of our new plants being so significant in fiscal year 2010, we thought it would be useful to call these costs out for you. We incurred start-up costs this quarter of $24 million after tax or $0.04 per share, relating mostly to our new Cedar Rapids dry mill, our PHA facility and our Brazilian sugarcane ethanol operations. And you can see the full fiscal year start-up costs on the right-hand side of the page. Slide 6 shows the quarter and fiscal year summary of our operating profit by segment. You'll note that for the quarter, each of our segments showed an increase in operating profit. Let's now turn to Slide 7 to begin a review of each segment in greater detail. We'll start with Oilseeds Processing. Oilseeds operating profit was $359 million, up from last year's fourth quarter operating profit of $227 million. Crushing & Origination results increased $77 million to $218 million for the quarter. Year-over-year crushing volumes increased in the quarter with decreased North American volumes more than offset by increases in South America and Europe. Good positioning favorably impacted our North American and European soybean and softseed crushing margins. Refining, Packaging, Biodiesel & Other results increased $58 million to $79 million for the quarter. Recently expanded biodiesel production capacity at Rondonopolis, Brazil, allowed ADM to capture good margins and volumes amidst strong demand. And last year's quarter also included charges related to the formation of our Stratas Foods packaged oil joint venture. Asia results of $62 million for the quarter reflect continued strong performance of our equity investee, Wilmar International Limited. For crop update, the projected soybean carryout for crop year 2010/'11 is 360 million bushels. July 9 USDA Planting Intentions report show that U.S. farmers planted 78.9 million acres of soybeans in 2010, up from the 77.5 million acres planted in 2009. The crop is progressing well, and with good August weather, we would expect a large U.S. harvest this fall. This year's South American soybean crop was a record 134 million metric tons, up 37 million metric tons from last year's harvest. The Canadian canola crop is projected to decline from 12.6 million metric tons to 10.3 million metric tons but looks as if the canola supply will be tight. And the European rapeseed crop is projected to decline from 21.6 million metric tons to 19.3 million metric tons. Looking at current market conditions. As the South American soy crushing industry runs hard to process a record crop, North American soy crushing has slowed. At the same time, the South American farmer has been a reluctant seller, which has put pressure on crush margins. We see growing long-term demand for protein meal but short-term excess processing capacity is resulting in softer crush margins. Global protein meal demand is projected to grow by 5% for the 2010/'11 crop year, up from a 3% growth rate in the '09/'10 crop year. The projected increase in demand is driven primarily by Asia, although growth is expected in all regions. Without a blending credit in place, the U.S. biodiesel industry is essentially shut down, resulting in high soybean oil inventories. We have seen some vegetable oil exports from the U.S. Biodiesel demand in South America and Europe is growing, driven by increasing mandates. Moving to Corn Processing on Slide 8. For the quarter, Corn Processing results increased $151 million to a profit of $140 million on stronger BioProducts performance that was partially offset by weaker results from Sweeteners & Starches. Sweeteners & Starches operating profit decreased $30 million from the prior year to $119 million. This decrease reflects lower average selling prices that were only partially offset by lower net corn costs. Sales volumes, however, were up due to strong export demand. BioProducts profit in the quarter was up significantly from last year's loss due to better margins for both ethanol and lysine. And in the quarter, BioProducts recorded $37 million in costs related to the start-up of our new plants, and for the 12 months, BioProducts reflected $107 million in start-up costs. Current crop conditions. The USDA Planting Intentions report on July 9 showed that U.S. farmers planted 87.9 million acres of corn in 2010, up from 86.5 million acres in 2009. This crop was planted early, and we've seen favorable weather conditions. The projected carryout is 1.4 billion bushels for crop year 2010/'11. Looking at current market conditions, ethanol spot prices are $0.40 to $0.60 below unleaded gasoline, and with the $0.45 per gallon tax credit, the blender has a significant incentive to buy additional gallons. This $0.45 tax credit is in place through the end of the year, and like other tax provisions, Congress is considering how to extend it. We are seeing some discretionary blending above the levels required by the RFS, but the 10% blend restriction is limiting incremental blending, resulting in excess supply and a challenging margin environment. The EPA is reviewing a request to allow gasoline blends up to E15, which will likely apply only to certain vehicle model years. Our technical team has met with the EPA and provided our analysis of publicly available data in support of blends up to E12 for all cars. Demand for lysine and for corn sweeteners has been strong, and we're running our corn wet milling assets hard. In corn sweeteners, we expect industry exports, primarily to Mexico, to be close to 1.4 million metric tons this calendar year. And that's up over 700,000 tons from last calendar year. Let's now turn to Slide 9 and review the operating performance of our Agricultural Services business segment. Ag Services results were $178 million, up $195 million from last year's fourth quarter loss. During the quarter, we saw a good global supply of grains and oilseeds and modestly improving demand, especially from Asia. Merchandising & Handling profit improved significantly over last year's numbers, due principally to more favorable risk management results. And earnings from our Transportation operations decline on lower barge freight rates and higher fuel costs. As we look at current market conditions, the USDA is projecting near record U.S. corn and soybean crops, and we are preparing our facilities and transportation assets for a large harvest this fall. And we are certainly monitoring changing global crop conditions. Slide 10. Slide 10 is an operating profit analysis of our other business units. Overall profit was $122 million this quarter, up $113 million from a year ago. Our Other Processing businesses were up $108 million, reflecting improved results of our cocoa and flour milling operations and from our equity investee, Gruma. Other Processing earnings for the quarter include mark-to-market gains of $63 million related to certain forward sales commitments accounted for as derivatives. Other financial results increased $5 million due primarily to the absence of losses experienced last year in our managed fund investments. Current market conditions. Flour production is pretty well balanced in wheat milling, and the North American wheat supply is ample. Cocoa and chocolate demand has improved, although low industry utilization has kept pressure on margins. And the cocoa bean supply should be sufficient to meet demand. Turning to Slide 11, which shows the major components of our corporate line. Changes in our LIFO inventory reserves due to rising commodity prices generated a charge of $23 million this quarter compared to a year-ago LIFO charge of $54 million. The most significant item in corporate for the quarter is the $59 million unrealized loss on interest rate swaps that we entered into, to lock in the interest rate for a portion of the $1.75 billion remarketing of debentures plan for calendar year 2011. Since this loss is unrealized, it will fluctuate with interest rates until we issue this debt. If 30-year rates go up from the June 30 levels, we will show gains on this swap. Turning to Slide 12. Slide 12 shifts to the financial statement view and shows our statement of earnings highlights for the quarter and 12 months. Net sales and other operating income decreased 5% for the quarter to $15.7 billion as average selling prices were lower this year, partially offset by higher sales volumes in the Corn and Oilseed segments. Gross profit increased $565 million this quarter, mostly due to improved results across all segments. Our SG&A expenses increased 3% to $331 million for the quarter. Other income and expense was a $45 million expense this year compared to $13 million of income in the prior year's quarter. The current quarter results include the $59 million unrealized loss on the interest rate swaps, higher interest expense as we are capitalizing less interest on our construction projects and higher non-controlling interest eliminations. Partially offsetting these charges were improved results of our equity affiliates. And I did cover the income tax changes earlier on in the call. On Slide 13, we're comparing selected balance sheet highlights at June 30 against our June 30, '09 balance sheet. Our cash balances of $1.4 billion are comparable to last year's numbers. Property plant and equipment, net of depreciation, has increased as our new Greenfield projects have been completed or are near completion. Operating working capital has decreased approximately $500 million due principally to lower receivables balance. Total debt is down. We have no commercial paper outstanding, and shareholders equity grew by about $1 billion during fiscal year 2010. Slide 14. Slide 14 shows us significant items impacting our cash flows for the 12 months. Cash generated from operations before the impact of changes in working capital is up $500 million this year to $2.7 billion, mainly due to the increase in current-year earnings and higher depreciation and amortization expense. As I mentioned, year-over-year changes in working capital were essentially flat. CapEx and acquisitions were about $1.7 billion, down from last year as the pace of spending at our large Greenfield projects has slowed as we near completion of the program. We anticipate capital expenditures in fiscal year 2011 to be approximately $1 billion excluding acquisitions. We did use some of the strong cash flows to buy back $100 million of our common stock in the fourth quarter, and as Pat mentioned, we have regained some flexibility from the rating agencies to buy additional shares back. In summary, our financial position and key operating cash flows remain strong. While remaining focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, we are positioned very well to pursue strategic opportunities to deliver shareholder value. Turning to Slide 15. Slide 15 provides an update of our recent financial performance using various financial measures. Trailing four-quarter Return On Invested Capital, ROIC, was 9.7%, shown here as the yellow line on the chart. And our trailing four-quarter Return On Net Assets, RONA, shown as the green line on the chart, was 12%. And as you can see, our rolling average ROIC shows the same general trend as RONA. We believe ROIC is a more transparent measure, and it is more easily calculated, and it can be more easily used to compare our returns to other companies as well as against our cost of capital. And as we turn to Slide 16, where we're comparing our historical four-quarter trailing ROIC against our weighted average cost of capital, you can see our returns have typically been well above WACC as we generate shareholder value across our business model. As Pat mentioned, we expect our ROIC to be at least our weighted average cost of capital plus 2% as it did this fiscal year. Going forward, we will be reporting on ROIC relative to WACC and updating this chart quarterly. I've included in the Appendix five years worth of ROIC calculations. But at this time, I'll turn the call back over to Pat, and we'll be glad to take your questions.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you very much, Steve. John Rice will join Steve and me for the Q&A. So operator, if youll please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Pat, wanted just to start off with just the big picture question here on Oilseeds. Obviously, we saw a fairly different result at one of your key competitors last week. And I just wanted to ask whether or not the basis issue that seems to have affected that company would in any way affect you in any future periods or if it was just simply ADM was positioned differently, thus the different results. So can you make some comments to perhaps alleviate some fears out there about what may or may not happen going forward?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I'll start, and then maybe I'll ask John to comment as well. We can't comment about our competitor's business, but we can say that our ADM team looks holistically at our business. And from a risk position, I think we take a very conservative yet smart view of the markets. And going forward, I think you heard our views about crop conditions and market update. And I think theres a good story here to tell about both our balanced view of it as well as our geographic look at it. John?
John Rice: I would just add to what Pat said. Don't really pay a lot of attention to what our competitors are doing in the market. We really manage our own book. But there's a lot of things, David, as you well know, that go into processing margins. It can be bean basis. It can be the long beans to meal. It can be long oil to meal, beans to oil and everything else. So there's a lot of moving parts in that and just to be able to pick out one part just gets a little bit tougher. I think our group and our team managed through this last quarter's market and for the year very well.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Would say that the outlook going forward would be consistent with results generated this quarter?
John Rice: Well, we don't like to give forward guidance. But right now, as in Steves comments, we do see a fairly steady and growing world protein demand. Now the North American Oilseed operations are running slower than the rest of the world, and also we have increased capacity coming on in Canada. And as you well know, conditions are constantly changing and what the August weather's going to do, what the corn harvest comes out and then also how the soybean harvest comes out here in September.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Those comments sound a bit cautious relative to where we've seen the last few quarters of excellent profitability in Oilseeds. Hopefully, I'm taking you right. Just wanted one more question on the balance sheet. You made comments, Steve, about the increased flexibility to do share repurchase. Can you quantify this for us in anyway? And I apologize if you said it, but I missed the number on readily marketable inventories. Can you give us that number? And then comment on the balance sheet and your ability to take on new debt.
Steven Mills: The first one is, we didn't give you readily mark [marketable]. I'll get to these maybe in no particular order. The readily marketable inventories, I didn't give you the readily marketable. The total inventories were about $7.7 billion at June 30. From a flexibility perspective, that's exactly what we have. We have flexibility within our current ratings to buy some shares back. We're going to do that in an opportunistic way, and we're going to do it in a way that maintains that credit rating that we have. So that share buyback opportunity is going to be in the mix with our acquisition program and CapEx program. So we're not going to lay out the exact number, but it's going to be a number that certainly fits within our current credit rating.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I suppose what I was trying to draw the idea was that if net debt, total debt minus cash, is $6.5 billion, and if readily marketable inventories, I think last quarter, was over $5.5 billion, if you treat readily marketables as a cash equivalent, then it would put ADM's balance sheet at one of the lowest levered multiples that I have seen in a very long time. So I think, quite frankly, maybe some people wouldn't understand that you're being very understated when you say that you have flexibility, thus the question goes right to the heart of the share repurchase. It would feel like you should have significant capacity to do share repurchase, but your comments would maybe seem a bit more tempered than that. So I was simply trying to draw out a little bit more.
Steven Mills: Well, I think there's two points. First of all, readily marketable inventories are just that. We do use them to market and make profit. So as they're considered in our rating, it has a little different feel than just cash and other financial flexibility. And as you're well aware of and as we've demonstrated in the past, we do like to have a little bit in end reserve just in the case of volatility in the commodity market. So we do have more flexibility. We continue to have ongoing conversations with the rating agencies, and we're just pleased to have that lever of share buyback in the arsenal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. John Roberts of Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: Could you provide a little more color on the EPA's evaluations going on? It sounds like you're expecting or at least theyre working on a split approval here for different years of cars?
Patricia Woertz: I'll start, John. As you know, they're reviewing a request to allow gasoline blends up to E15, which is likely to be only applicable to certain model years. While we support that, we're also concerned that any regulatory outcome that cannot be applied to all cars or might not be applicable to all cars will not be widely accepted. So we have formally requested that the EPA consider up to E12 in the context of its E15 waiver request so that you could use E12. They would be allowed for use in all vehicles. And we've studied the available technical data, and our technical team has provided our analysis to the EPA in support of blends up to E12 for all vehicle model years. And so we think we've shown the EPA. They have multiple options to punch through this blend wall, but I can't predict the outcome. So we're hopeful, but we'll see.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: And then, secondly, back on the -- you said you regained financial flexibility for share repurchase. Do you have to maybe buy back debt equal to equity? Or do you have any constraints like that? Maybe characterize what flexibility means.
Steven Mills: Flexibility means that I can buy back shares right now with my current balance sheet to a certain level. Once we get past that, then there's all the moving parts such as buying back debt, et cetera. So at this point in time, we have some flexibility to buy shares back as is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On your process volumes, can you remind me, Corn Processing, is that just the Sweeteners & Starches and BioProducts? Or does that encompass the corn component of Ag Services?
Steven Mills: It does not include the corn portion of Ag Services. That's the volumes of corn we're processing.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And the huge step-up in volume is just a function of the new ethanol plants that we saw both in the quarter and in the fiscal year?
Steven Mills: Yes, that's the majority of the change.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So there's no issue with crop quality or anything else that's driving more corn through the plants.
John Rice: We had a slight increase in the wet mill grinds that we try every year. But the majority, as Steve said, is through the dry mill.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then maybe, Pat, I'll ask a follow-up on the ethanol issue. Everything I hear out of Washington on going to an E12 suggests that EPA would want to do their own testing. I understand that you're presenting the work that you guys and others have done. Is that sort of the response you've gotten from them as well?
Patricia Woertz: Well, they have asked the DOE for additional testing, which has taken some time. It's not complete as I understand it. So they've also asked if we had any additional data to provide it. So we used all the data of record and scoured more publicly available data and put that in a format with our analysis to support as well.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And do you have any insight from them as to why they're not sort of looking at it on their own or if this is something that they'll want to open up and do on their own in the future? I mean, was there a general receptivity to the idea?
Patricia Woertz: Well, the EPA staff and our technical staff and any time we've met, there's been receptivity to good science, good data, good discussion and analysis. So we'll see. We're hopeful.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then maybe my last question will just be on what's going on with global wheat crops. Maybe, John, if you can just sort of give us -- compare and contrast what's taking place today relative to what took place sort of around the '07 timeframe. And how far away are we from getting sort of the Ag Services band back together and starting to see real a pickup and profitability in that business?
John Rice: Well, the difference between those two different time frames, and I want to quantify that as of today, since we have a lot of moving points right now, is we do have a bigger crop carryout when it comes to wheat and other oilseeds also, which should help with other blending opportunities. We come in Monday. The Russians are not going to export wheat. We come in today. The Russians are going to export wheat. So it's a constantly moving target. We're going to have to watch the weather. We're going to have to watch the Australian weather. That's going to be the next key crop. And then I think we're just going to have to see how the harvest comes to really get a determination on what kind of disruptions of any flows we'll see.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. But is it fair to read from your comments that you're expecting to see some opportunities? You're just not sure the extent to what they're going to be based on the status quo.
John Rice: You just don't know. If there is a poor wheat crop, the world will have to come back to the United States for wheat exports as it did back in '07/'08.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Michael Picken - CRC: This is Michael Picken in for Christine. Just continuing on the theme in terms of the global wheat supply situation. If in fact, we do end up seeing a reduced Russian wheat crop, and some of the other areas, Canada, also come in weak. What type of impact do you think that might have on corn exports? And how should we think about it sort of net-net if we do see an increase in U.S. corn exports, given that your Ethanol business and some other opportunities here in the U.S. are also reliant on that corn?
John Rice: Well, as the price of wheat, here in the last month, has raised a lot compared to the price of corn, you will see people switch from feed wheat into corn. And as prices come back down, so you could build a case that coming out of the United States, you could see more corn exports and more wheat exports.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: And then turning back to some of the ethanol policy issues that are out there, I mean, what is your opinion given kind of the current favorability of blending economics? I mean, if we see that blender tax credit expire at the end of this year, would you expect to see any sort of reduction in consumption, given the favorable blending economics? Or what is your view in terms of kind of industry-wide volumes if that blender credit were not extended?
John Rice: Well, currently in Steve comments, we're way below the mandate. So at that point in time, I would not anticipate any blending cutbacks with the refiners, but as you well know, this is always a moving target, it changes from, as the price of corn moves, as price of gasoline moves but at the current economics, it wouldn't change in my opinion.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: Two other policy questions. Have you heard anything regarding the extension on the Brazilian ethanol tariff? I mean, I've seen it included in several bills that are trying to do multiple things, but is it possible that we see that tariff extended on a stand-alone basis? And then finally, if you could give us any sort of update on California and what's happening out there.
John Rice: On the tariff itself, I think that could be separate than the blenders credit. Like we've said in the past, we're all for free trade, as long as everybody plays by the same rules, and that's our view on the import tariff, as long as other parts of the world will take or imports or our exports, I should say, then that's what our concern is on the import tariff. But I think that will be a separate issue than the blenders credit.
Patricia Woertz: And California, Michael, has, as you know, adopted a low carbon fuel standard, and it's to go into effect in January 2011, I believe. And they're talking about extending it a year. It set a high standard, but certainly you need to calculate the individual plant's carbon intensity score, and we believe that good science is part of that process. And I believe there's new studies from the same university studies they used the first time that revised the science, and so hopefully that will be part of the work going into the extension. So still stay tuned on the California Resources Board's work there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Pat, you said earlier in your remarks that you on a quarter-by-quarter basis, you're going to be telling us a little bit about your strategy. Is there a reason why you wouldn't want to tell us kind of all at once? What's the reason for the progression like that?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think it's more the progression of the specificity of growth targets, Ken. So we've talked about our holistic strategy, and as you know, filling out the global footprint and what we're attempting to do in each segment, we've talked about in many of our conferences as well as presentations. I think the example with global oilseeds of the 7% to 10% growth and exceeding predicted market growth and having some information about specific projects that are used as sort of the backup and the clarification of that, I think lines up well when you have the projects to announce. So we're going to do that as they come forward, and it has more clarity for you, I think, and more specificity as you have more information.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Are the current ethanol margins sequentially higher than the quarter? And do you have any more upfront costs to be had, to be incurred during the next couple quarters?
Steven Mills: I'll take the upfront costs and John can talk to you about the market. But we do have our Cedar Rapids plants up and running. It's not to full capacity yet, so we'll have some additional costs related to the Cedar Rapids plant. And as Pat mentioned, we're still working out some startup issues in our propylene, ethylene glycol plant, so we will have some. But I do expect certainly the pace of those costs to be dropping pretty significantly.
John Rice: And as far as the ethanol margins, with the price volatility we've seen here in corn, I'd still say they're not real profitable but at times you get plants that can run at a profit. But I think the whole issue still is we have about 14.6 billion gallons of capacity that would be ready to come online at the end of this year, and we're running at about 13 billion. So I'd call it close for a lot of plans, close to maybe a breakeven, depending on what the price of corn is any given day.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I know this isn't the biggest of all your businesses, but wheat cocoa we always have a hard time kind of forecasting and getting hands around that. Can you tell us, and quarterly it goes all over the place, can you tell us kind of where you see this business going? Are we at a run rate, three of the last four quarters have been north of 100 and then prior to that, it was a like in the 50s to 80s on a quarterly run rate. Can you just tell us like where you kind of think this business should be doing? Are we above or below the typical run rate? So just kind of put some parameters around the Cocoa and Wheat business, if that would be possible.
Steven Mills: And just as you, we do have some difficulty predicting what the bottom line result will be for that segment because it is somewhat dependent on how markets close and how positions move. And as we point out in the description there that some of the results are impacted by some of these forward derivatives that we have and that, from an accounting perspective, have to bring to market. All that being said, as we pointed out here, we had a gain in this particular quarter that was higher than what I would call the market or the economics of the business. And we've tried to point those out when they got significant in the last couple of quarters. So to say that it's the run rate is not accurate. That's why we give you those numbers to try to help cushion that back and forth. So we have some of that in all of our divisions, that happens, we're calling it out in the other because it is so significant to that particular segment.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Is the wheat environment improving? And is the cocoa environment improving? Or are they both kind of status quo?
Steven Mills: The wheat market, our Wheat business has had a very good year, and they continue to do well, again, subject to some of these same market conditions that all of us face. The Cocoa business has been improving, and as I pointed out, but it's still a tough operating environment in the cocoa side.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: When you reported your March results in the Corn Processing unit, you had talked about mark-to-market., and I think that at that time it was estimated that if you had not had the mark-to-market, you would have had an operating profit sort of similar to previous levels. Was there a flow back on that mark-to-market in this quarter? And if so, how much was it?
Steven Mills: The answer is there was a little bit of a flow back, but it's not have enough to mention.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So if we look at the operating results in this quarter, that's a pure, for the most, operating number?
Steven Mills: That's fair.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And when would we expect that mark-to-market then to flow back into the P&L?
Steven Mills: As I think I pointed out on the last conference call that some of that mark-to-market did come into this quarter, but you have to remember it's a position that is constantly moving. And then part of that flowed back to prior quarters, so it was a mixture of both. There was some hedge ineffectiveness in there, so we did bring the results of that position, a part of that, into the quarter. As I said, though, it just wasn't a significant impact.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I guess what I'm asking is, for the next two quarters, should we expect to benefit leftover from the March quarter? Or is it wash away?
Steven Mills: No. There is nothing significant that's there going forward.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then on the plant that you're building in Paraguay, is that included in the billion dollar CapEx budget you gave? Or could you help us understand how much it will cost to build that facility?
Patricia Woertz: Well, we'll probably not give you the full cost, but yes, it is included, the amount of spending that we will make in 2011, Diane, is included in that rough $1 billion spending.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And I would assume you'd have some spending in fiscal '12 for that plant as well? Is that correct?
Patricia Woertz: That's right. We expect to have it online in '12 so additional spending would move into '12, too.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then the remarketing of the debt securities, I think you said when you expected to do that, but could you just remind me? I missed that.
Steven Mills: That will be in 2011. I think it can actually be done over a period of time, and I have to look at it, but I believe it starts in March, between March to June that I've got that window.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So the volatility on the interest rate swap will swing quarter-to-quarter between now and March of 2011 based on where interest rates are?
Steven Mills: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Crdit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: Pat, maybe you could take a step back and just help us understand the overall corporate strategy here. On one hand, you're saying that there's a lot of cash and that you're leaning towards buying back shares, but on the other, you're saying you're going to double the growth rate for Oilseeds Processing at a time when there's actually kind of a weak crop in Canada. And we already hear about some excess capacity sitting around in North America. And then we have the same kind of situation in ethanol where you're opening up a plant at a time when there's excess supply of ethanol. So are you trying to make kind of an aggressive stand here and saying that you're going to build while others are contracting? So maybe you can just kind of give a general comment about your market share kind of objectives here. Are you trying to take advantage of an environment where everyone else is kind of pulling back?
Patricia Woertz: Well, there's a couple of questions in there, Rob. So let me first start with we have very strong cash flows, cash from operations, as you know, and as we've wound down this organic capital spending, our cash will be very strong. When I talk about our strategy, it's an investment for the future. It's growing and it's growing over a five-year period. So as an example, the growth in global oilseeds is it's an annual compound annual growth rate of 7% to 10%, but it's over a five-year period. So yes, it's important to invest sometimes even when you're on a little bit of a down cycle or not, timing isn't always perfect, but sometimes timing can be very perfect relative to acquisitions and when things come online. So strong cash flow, good investment for the future, good opportunities. We've got to continue to look at the pipeline and be disciplined about those investments, but we feel good about our opportunities longer term.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: And then if I could drill down in oilseeds then, this plant in Paraguay, to what extent is that going to be contributing to the 7% to 10% estimate you're making? Is it half of that incremental growth rate? And then to what extent do you think you need to make acquisitions to hit that 7% to 10%?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think to hit the 7% to 10%, it will be both organic and acquisitions. It represents about 25% of the South American crush and about 3 1/2% of total global crush. So it's a move, but it's not the whole piece, so we'll continue to build. We've talked about Eastern Europe. We've talked about South America. We continue to have India on our radar screen. So you'll hear more in the future as things are specific in those regions, but yes, we'll need more than just this plant, but it's part of the puzzle.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse AG: And how aggressively are you pursuing acquisitions right now? Is there a big pipeline of perspective deals more so than there was a year ago?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I'd say that we have both process and deal flow has increased, and process is to allow both a capability internally that we have, as well as people on the ground and our evaluation process, etcetera, is a strong. And we continue to look and fill the pipeline with opportunities, obviously things not necessarily that we can talk about, but yes, we're improving that pipeline. I'd say there's more than there was a year ago, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Just following up on Rob's questioning. I mean, you talked about initial or term excess capacity in oilseeds globally. I think one of the reasons that the U.S. has excess capacity is because of your plant expansions that you've done. So I'm curious, how do you know that the market is going to be able to absorb the capacity you're adding in Paraguay and perhaps other places?
John Rice: Well, we feel that this plant is very well located, and it's really a long-term trend, like Pat was mentioning. Global demand will keep increasing as the population keeps increasing. We look for a 5% compound annual growth rate when it comes to that. So we're always looking at where we feel the best investment is, where these assets would fit into our offer global value chain and we're not going to hit every quarter right when the plant comes on but we still believe in the long term.
Patricia Woertz: Christina, I'd add, too, John's point, the soybean production in Paraguay has been growing. It's been growing at a double digit, I think 13% for the past 10 years. Our strategy has been to increase our origination and the logistics in the region. So building the plant is actually an important move and a continuation of that strategy. I think the market absolutely is both asking for the plant, and I think we'll have a good position there.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And then, Pat, for E12, if it was applicable to all vehicles, you wouldn't have that liability in terms of splitting up the vehicle fleet, but would there be other that liability issues in terms of pumps in underground storage? Or do you think that if E12 were approved by the EPA, that immediately it would be adopted?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think if it's applicable to all cars in the fleet, the issue of substance substantially similar comes into play, so it works through the gasoline pool in the same way as E10 does today. You don't need additional labeling, there's no additional issues related to pumps, infrastructure, etcetera, it merely flows through the system the way E10 does today. So that's the positive side of having any amount of ethanol in the entire fuel pool that there's not this bifurcation, so to speak in it . You asked how readily adoptable, I think eight out of 10 of our customers talk about blending economics, and I think they'd like to be blending beyond the current rates because the economics are there. So I believe it would be acceptable in the market as increases have been in the past.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: In terms of starting up Cedar Rapids, given the fact that corn does seem to be tighter in the U.S. than expected based on the last stocks report, are we looking at any sort of procurement issues or basic issues in the near term in order to get that plant up and running?
John Rice: We do not see it. The USDA is still calling for about a 1.4 billion bushel carryout this year and next, fairly close. The rough rule of thumb is any time it's over a billion bushels, there's plenty of stocks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Working capital was, I guess, slightly favorable or a slight benefit to cash flow this year. So if we're thinking about working capital in fiscal '11, can you just talk a bit about what some of the variables might be from where we stand today? And I guess the thing I'm thinking about more specifically is just given where crop prices have gone recently, is it going to be difficult, would working capital actually be a drag this year?
Steven Mills: As we look at it, the most significant factors, well certainly is price and the volatility in the price. So assuming that we carried the same quantities, we've got the price both in the inventory, as well as in the underlying receivables as we collect those. So that's always the biggest wildcard for us by far. I think the other interesting component is the quantities themselves. Of course, we're adding a bit more processing capacity in the company, but I don't believe that will significantly move the working capital per se. The question more likely is the phrase we use here is what is the market telling you to do with inventories. We see with some of these large crops, especially here in the U.S., we could have more peaks and valleys in the working capital as the harvest all comes at potentially at one time, and we could see more inventory quantities as the market conditions dictate. So it's a real wildcard, and that's one of the reasons we leave ourselves with as much flexibility in our balance sheet as possible. I mean the good news with that is that it always runs through a cycle, right? These commodities are purchased and processed in a period and it does flow through. So sitting here today, it's hard to predict, but we have both a price and a quantity question here.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So is it fair to for us to assume that in the conversations that you all had with the rating agencies that they asked a question about some outlook on working capital, like the factor that they were thinking about in terms of the flexibility?
Steven Mills: Well, I think certainly, Bryan, and It goes back to the last couple of years and the reasons why they have been very conservative with us. They certainly have memories of 2008 when commodity prices went as high as they did, and that's factored into their thought process as they evaluate our credit, just as it goes through ours as well. So there's no question, that's part of their consideration.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: In terms of as you're thinking about decisions today to, I guess, build new facilities or make acquisitions, can you talk a little bit about today just construction costs? I'm assuming relative to what it was a few years ago when you started building ethanol facilities, construction costs maybe a little bit more favorable today than they were then. And if you could just think about it, that has been a factor in terms of sort of driving your decision in terms of build versus buy.
John Rice: Well, the reason we're building in Paraguay, as Pat mentioned, it's a growing area. We're building a fertilizer plant. It just really fits into our total infrastructure in Paraguay, but as you go around the world, we will be I would say probably more acquisitions than on the Greenfield sites. But we've been many places, we've talked to many people and we will decide what makes the most economic sense at the time. But to your other point, to your other question, has cost come down. It depends on the country and the unemployment situation. So it's kind of tough to just put a cart blanche statement out there on the cost. We've seen steel prices go up and down. So I'd say it's a little bit lower globally than the peak but not substantially.
Patricia Woertz: Maybe adding to John's point there, just a moment, Bryan, also it depends on, if you recall, we had quite a tight contractor workforce issue in the U.S. three years ago when we started these plants construction and that became a bit of a higher cost for us but that has subsided now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin of Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: Just wondering, trying to get a better understanding on the Ag Services segment and how we should look at volume with these record crops as we look out for that segment. It looks like this quarter benefited from the favorable risk management. Can you help me kind of understand how I should look at it going forward?
Steven Mills: I mean, I'll start here and then let John or Pat chime in. I think as we look at Ag Services, as we sit here today, we are anticipating near record U.S. corn and soybean crops. And here in the U.S. specifically, where we have a tremendous amount of storage and capacity, that should bode well for our handling and storage side of the business. That's in contrast to last year, even though we ended up with a large crop, it came over more ratably during the year, as well as much wetter. So there's always a different set of opportunities. We have seen good demand, which is really the driver of all in the end. We've seen good demand recently, and that's encouraging. And then the question that's the most hard to predict is how much volatility in the market and then where are you positioned relative to that volatility. I don't know, John, if you want to build on that at all?
John Rice: Well, to Steve's point, that we've been able to export soybeans out of the United States this summer, which a year, six months ago, I don't think many people would've thought would happen. And as we talked earlier, on the global wheat crop, what happens in Russia and Australia, that will have an effect on the exports of wheat out of the United States, and then also the relationship with the price of wheat to the price of corn, where we see more corn exports, plus how's the Chinese weather, I mean, with their corn crop. So there's still a lot of variables, but right now it looks like we should have a very good crop in the United States.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: And then picking up on the Chinese comment, how do you look at China in the global supply and demand picture? And can you help us walk through kind of your thought process?
John Rice: Well, their bean exports have been better than people have expected throughout the year, and they have been importing a little bit of corn. But no major, no big numbers, I should say. And I think it's going to depend on their crop size.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian of Rafferty Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: Can you just talk a little bit, Pat, I guess, about the biodiesel tax credit issue? You said basically for the U.S., you're pretty much shut in now due to the lack of economics for blending. First of all, is this progressing at all? Do you see kind of an end to this for your North Dakota assets are going to come back and start producing to the income statement? And secondly, does this make you at all concerned about -- did the reluctance of putting the credit back on, does it make you at all concerned about the $0.045 blenders credit on the ethanol side?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think as Steve said in his remarks, that without the blending credit in place, it's sort of the industry the U.S. biodiesel industry is essentially nonexistent. We have seen some vegetable oil exports from the U.S. There has been several discussions in Congress or members of the staff that have tried to put the extension in various bills, but with the discussions in Congress today, I guess it's find a bill to attach it to, which may be a similar situation for the ethanol tax extension upcoming here at year end. I think there's positive signs that people want to extend it. They understand in an overall energy policy that this is part of the mix and should be a strong part of the mix, but again, you need a bill to get it through. So more time, less to do the one on ethanol and perhaps the biodiesel credit could still be retroactively applied. Some are still discussing that.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: And then the second part, is this a concern when you look out at the $0.45 ethanol credit and its expiration here at the end of the year?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I guess, as I said, depending on where Congress is, there's a discussion about the extension of the tax credit and finding the way to pay for it, so to speak and having it part of another bill. So there's always a concern when a tax credit is about to expire but I think there's good discussion, and I think those that are involved understand the issue and understand how many jobs are at stake and how much of the Ethanol business contributes to the world economies, etcetera. So I think there's very good understanding.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: The South American farmers' reluctance to sell into the market, it seems to have caught a couple people by surprise this year, and I guess can we quantify a little bit to some degree how much of a surprise this was? How typical -- has this happened in the past? And kind of what can be done in future years to kind of hedge out this risk of reluctance to sell?
John Rice: Well, throughout the world, you'll have different scenarios and different timings in when farmers will sell the crops. It can be tax reasons, it can just be inverses in the markets, it can be different carries, it can be just transportation issues. And currencies can also come into play. So I don't think there's a real rule of thumb in how farmers sell their crop throughout the year. It's kind of a little bit of a moving target all the time. It's really more about how you position, how your make your sales, you have x amount of demand going on globally all the time and how you cover those positions. I guess I don't really know how else to answer that question.
Steven Mills: I'll just jump in a little bit. It's also dependent on how the farmers have done in the prior year, availability of credit, it's a long list of subjects. When I think about Brazil, specifically, the question of currency is a big one because soybeans are priced in dollars around the world, and that strengthening of the Brazilian currency just cuts into Brazilian farmers margins. So they're big farmers and many of them are big farmers and a part of it is their ability to hold the crops. Some can, some can't. So it all fits in their own risk management.
Patricia Woertz: And, Ian, I'll jump in here, too, Ian. We take a global view of this. ADM's risk management is a very global system where we consolidate daily, if you will, in one spot, in one view and share that view. And I think it helps to understand what's going on in lots of different markets, as well as what farmers are viewing in any particular region. And so I'd just say, it's part of our overall way we look at risk management.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citigroup, Inc.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Steve, can you talk about acquisitions in F '11 just in terms of like a dollar figure that you would be comfortable in handling? Would $500 million to $1 billion in acquisitions be kind of a reasonable guess? Obviously, I know this is kind of a hypothetical, it depends if they actually if you can come to terms with them, but I'm just trying to get a sense of scale.
Steven Mills: Well, we certainly have that capacity to do that, and if we think about it and maybe even more than that, the pipeline easily supports that level of acquisition. It just depends how many are out there. So I don't think I have anything to add beyond that.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Can you comment on the depreciation and amortization for fiscal '11, given the new plants that you guys have completed and will complete?
Steven Mills: Well, yes, I can. I'm going to cheat here because I've got a piece of paper that helps me with the new plants. The deprecation and, again, it's a moving target, but we ought to be up $70 million or $80 million from last year, just thinking about the new projects year-over-year. I have to think about the rest of them, but we'll certainly be up on the cash flow.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Can you say what the increase in volumes was in the Starches and Sweetener units? And obviously the segment itself was up, the way you guys report the overall segment, it blends in both pieces. But I'm just curious, can you give us any sense as to what the increase was in volumes in starches and sweeteners?
John Rice: Well, I can tell you that we're running over fructose assets at full capacity and that we've actually slowed down our ethanol here in Decatur. I mean it's kind of a little bit of a moving target, but right now we're running our assets out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Pat, just a quick follow up on the E12, would a substantially similar ruling, would that automatically change the automobile warranty, which right now is 10% to 12%? Or does something else need to happen to incentivize the automobile manufacturers in that instance?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I don't know, I don't think there's an automatic to any liability issue, but I think there are, I can't speak for the auto manufacturers in total, but there are ones that support the E12 in the full carpool because they know their fleet is capable of it. So I can't comment about liability issues that I don't know.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You said that your process for acquisitions has changed. Can you talk about what changes that you've made, when they took place?
Patricia Woertz: Well, we've been building trying to get better all the time, first of all, Ken, and I think we've expanded our team that includes those that both evaluate both on the ground in the business units, coordinated with our team at the center. Our evaluation process, our due diligence process, as well as we've added, we made an announcement this quarter on opening an office in Beijing. One of our strategy folks and business development executives will be leading that office and moving there. So there's been both a geographic and a capability increase in the overall process.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Would you say the majority of it is done in terms of how much changes they've made? Or are you still evolving to a new level in terms of resources?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I think we'll always continue to evolve and get better. A quick example, we're doing look-back processes. John and his team have looked back at what we've spent on those capital projects, small acquisitions, larger ones. we looked back, learned, feed it into the system for the next one, I mean, we're always getting better.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So it really wasn't an inflection point over the last couple of months. There's nothing that significantly, it's an evolution that's changed? Or is there -- I'm just trying to figure out because the last company had said they changed their processes, three months later, they bought National Starch. So I'm just trying to figure out how much of a change has been made.
Patricia Woertz: I think it's been a focus. So I'll call it a change that's stepped us up because it's a focus, and I think it's a focus for a greater number of leaders, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: John, I forgot to ask you. Can you talk about how the short rapeseed crop in Europe, what are the implications there? Is it a net negative because of lack of availability? Or will you see maybe more soy products going to Europe and it could be a positive?
John Rice: It will have an effect on the rapeseed crush in Europe. So they will need to import some more protein. There is some talk they will actually import some corn, maybe some more corn byproducts, but it will have an overall protein effect on them. But I think so much still depends on how the wheat harvest comes on what their total needs are going to be.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And in your terms of your positioning to deal with that, should we think about it as a threat, an opportunity? Like how would you categorize it?
John Rice: We'd like to come in every day and say there's new opportunity.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And then Pat, the other question I had is there's been talk by Peterson and I think Rose Energy about maybe instead of having an ethanol tax credit, using the funds to actually fund infrastructure build out to use ethanol. I was curious what your stance is on that.
Patricia Woertz: Well, we haven't studied it thoroughly. I think every time you have an opportunity for an innovative idea or using innovation or different ideas are helpful to talk it through. We think support associated with the vetech [ph] [12:37] is important here, and if there are suggestions to get that kind of support in another way around, we'll certainly look at it.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in the queue, and I would like to turn the call back over to Pat Woertz, Chairman and CEO for closing. Please proceed, ma'am.
Patricia Woertz: Well, thank you so much for your time, everyone, and all your questions today. As you close out a year, it's sometimes good to take at a moment to reflect, and I'd just like to say bravo to the ADM team and thank you for a very, very good year. We have Slide 18 showing a couple of upcoming investor conferences, and we'll look forward to talking with you in November. Bye now.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Steven Mills - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dwight Grimestad - Vice President of Investor Relations John Rice - Executive Vice President of Commercial & Production Patricia Woertz - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA) Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc. Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch Ian Horowitz - Soleil Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations Alec Patterson - RCM
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Archer Daniels Midland Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Regina, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President of Investor Relations. And you may begin, sir.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, and welcome to ADM's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to Slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement which says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events. Slide 3 lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today, and I will now turn the call over two our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will begin with safety. Through our third quarter, we reduced our lost work day injury rate by 33% and our total recordable injury rate by almost 10% compared to the full year fiscal 2009. Safety remains an important priority for us. Turning to our financial results. This morning, we will reported quarterly net earnings of $421 million or $0.65 per share. And this third quarter, the ADM team did a good job managing our large flexible origination and processing network to meet global demand.  On the growth front, many of our large projects are finalized, and the rest are wrapping up construction. We competed this quarter our startup of our Columbus, Nebraska ethanol dry mill. We began shipments from our renewable plastics plant at Clinton, Iowa. And we are commissioning our propylene glycol plant in Decatur, Illinois. And construction of our Cedar Rapids, Iowa ethanol dry mill is on pace to wrap up this summer. I might also note that yesterday, we took possession of a seventh ocean-going vessel, the Harvest Rising.  On the policy front, the EPA is considering a request to allow increased blending of ethanol up to E15. A positive decision on E15 would lay the framework for improved demand in the future. However, with an E15 waiver, some significant challenges to widespread adoption would remain. We believe, as the RFA [Renewable Fuels Association] and others do, that an increase to E11 or E12 would be an additional, easier to implement next step on the path to E15 and future higher blends. We're hopeful this is the pathway that EPA takes.  Now I'll turn the call over to Steve, who will review our financial and segment results.
Steven Mills: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 5, we list out our financial highlights for the quarter. Segment operating profit for the quarter was $696 million, up $442 million from a year ago. As a reminder, last year's segment operating profit number included a loss of $212 million, reflecting our share of currency derivative losses of our equity investee. In a few minutes, I will review results on a segment-by-segment basis. Quarterly net earnings were up $418 million from last year's break even third quarter, and earnings per share were $0.65. Looking at our effective income tax rate, we've reduced our estimated tax rate for the full fiscal year to approximately 27% based upon a more favorable outlook of geographic mix earning. Therefore, we reduced our tax rate for the quarter to about 22% to bring the year-to-date rate in the line. Last year's extremely high tax rate for the quarter included a $97 million deferred tax charge related to changes in the holding company structure of our equity investee, Wilmar. As you can see from the waterfall chart for the quarter, on the bottom left of the page, we've called out a couple of items. This quarter, we incurred an after-tax charge of about $47 million or $0.07 per share related to our recent long-term debt repurchase where we bought back $500 million in higher interest bonds. Based on current assumptions, this buyback will save ADM about $0.01 a share after-tax each quarter ongoing interest. LIFO had a positive impact this quarter of $27 million after tax or approximately $0.04 per share due to falling commodity prices.  Turning to Slide 6. Slide 6 shows the quarter and year-to-date summary of our operating profit by segment. You'll note that for the quarter, each of our segments showed an increase in operating profit.  Let's turn to Slide 7 to begin a review of each segment in greater detail. We'll start with Oilseeds Processing. Oilseeds operating profit this quarter was $405 million, up significantly from last year's third quarter operating profit of $224 million.  Crushing and origination results increased at the $272 million for the quarter. With South America having a short soybean crop last year, our North American operations were able to run at higher utilization rates and realize both higher volumes and margins. Globally, our crushing volumes for the quarter were up about 10% as compared to last year's quarter with North American operations accounting for more than half of that increase. Volumes in Europe were also up principally due to acquisitions over the last 12 months. Refining, Packaging and Biodiesel results increased $14 million to $66 million for the quarter. Improved demand for biodiesel in Europe and South America helped drive these improved results.  Oilseed's results in Asia were $67 million for the quarter, as we continue to see strong performance from our equity investee, Wilmar International Ltd. And last year's third quarter, had a gain of $18 million related to the sale of an equity investment. Oilseeds crop update. The March 31 USDA Planting Intentions report showed that U.S. farmers expected to plant 78.1 million acres of soybeans in 2010, up from 77.5 million acres planted in 2009. After harvesting the largest U.S. soybean crop in history, this year's projected U.S. carryout of 190 million bushels looks as though it will be relatively tight.  This year's soybean crop in South America is projected to be a record 131.8 million metric tons, up 35.5 million metric tons from last year's harvest. Harvesting in Brazil is nearly complete, while the harvest in Argentina is about 75% done. With this harvest, there should be an ample supply of soybeans to meet global demand. Looking at current market conditions. The North American soy crush rate is slowing, while the crush rate in South America increases as the crop is harvested. Global protein meal demand is improving.  For the crop year '09, '10, industry sources project a 3% growth in global protein meal consumption. Demand is growing in Asia and South America and a to lesser extent, Europe, but is basically flat in North America. While we see growing long-term demand for protein meal, in the short term, excess processing capacity relative to global demand has negatively impacted crush margins. Protein meal customers continue to be fairly cautious buyers and are operating in amount [ph] (21:17). Vegetable oil inventories in North America are growing. Food service demand remains soft, and the expiration without renewal of the U.S. biodiesel credit has essentially shut down U.S. biodiesel production. Biodiesel demand is strong in Brazil, with that country having implemented a B5 mandate in January. In March, Argentina implemented a B5 mandate, which adds 600,000 tons of new demand. And in the EU, demand is improving, especially in Spain, Italy and France. Moving to Corn Processing on Slide 8. For the quarter, Corn Processing results increased $55 million to $104 million on stronger bioproducts performance that was partially offset by weaker results from sweeteners and starches. Sweeteners and starches operating profit decreased $101 million from the prior year to $45 million. This decrease reflect lower average selling prices and were only partially offset by lower net corn costs.  These corn costs for the quarter were significantly impacted by mark-to-market losses and hedge accounting ineffectiveness related to corn future. Bioproducts profit was up significantly from last year's losses due to improved ethanol margins resulting from good demand for ethanol, driven by favorable gasoline-blending economics and from lower net corn costs. Bioproducts results also reflected stronger sales volumes and margins of lysine. In the quarter, bioproducts recorded about $27 million in costs related to the startup of our new plants.  And from a growth update perspective, as Pat mentioned, we're finishing up our major projects. Columbus ethanol plant is up and running, our Bioplastics plant is operating and we're shipping products to customers and we are commissioning of our propylene ethylene glycol plant. Work on our Cedar Rapids ethanol dry mill is going well, with the plant on track to start up this summer. Looking at current crop conditions. The USDA Planting Intentions report on March 31 showed that U.S. farmers expected to plant 88.8 million acres of corn in 2010, up from the 86.5 million acres planted in 2009. Corn crop for 2010 is progressing very well, with 68% of the crop estimated to be planted as of May 3 compared to 32% last year and as compared to the five-year average of 40%. This year's U.S. corn crop was 13.1 billion bushels, the second largest crop on record. Projected carryout of 1.9 billion bushels is considered an ample supply to meet all needs.  Current market conditions, though ethanol spot prices were about $0.10 to $0.20 below gasoline prices as we started our fiscal third quarter, but fell substantially by the end of the quarter. Ethanol prices are currently between $0.50 and $0.65 below unleaded gasoline. With the $0.45 per gallon tax credit, the blender has a significant incentive to buy additional gallons. But while we are seeing some discretionary blending above the levels required by the RFS [Renewable Fuels Standard], the 10% blend restructuring is limiting incremental blending, resulting in excess supply, inventory building and a challenging margin environment. The RFS calls for 12 billion gallons of ethanol in 2010 and 12.6 billion gallons in 2011. Industry sources show 12.8 billion gallons of ethanol capacity currently online. Approximately 1 billion gallons of capacity idled and another 1 billion gallons of capacity restructuring [ph] (25:43).  Looking at other products, lysine demand remains strong, driven both by the increasing use of DDG and the U.S. and global markets. And in sweeteners, U.S. CSD consumption is off slightly. But as expected, increasing HSCS volumes to Mexico are helping to offset this decline. Let's now turn to Slide 9, and review the operating performance of our Agricultural Services Business segment. Ag Services results were $165 million, up $44 million from last year's third quarter. In the quarter, we saw a good global supply of grains and oilseeds and modestly improving demand. Merchandising and handling profit improved as global soybean demand was met primarily with U.S. supply due to last year's short South American crop, giving us good asset utilization and margins. Earnings from our Transportation operations declined on lower barge freight rates and reduced capacity utilization caused by weak demand. Current market conditions for Ag Services, shows that there is good global demand for grains and oilseeds. Soybean exports from South America are increasing, as they harvest their record crop. And conversely in North America, the pace of soybean exports has slowed, but corn exports are picking up. Planting intentions indicate that U.S. farmers are increasing both corn and soybean acres this year, which bodes well at this point in time for a large harvest this fall. Slide 10 is an operating profit analysis of our other business units. Overall profit was $22 million this quarter, up $162 million from a year ago. Our other processing businesses were up $132 million for the quarter, primarily due to the absence of last year's third quarter loss of $212 million for our share of Gruma's foreign currency derivative losses.  This quarter's other processing earnings reflected improved results at our flour milling operations. And other processing earnings also included mark-to-market losses of $63 million related to certain forward sales commitments accounted for as derivatives, offsetting gains we had recorded in the previous quarters. Other financial results increased $30 million due primarily to the absence of losses experienced last year, both our managed fund investments and our captive insurance operations. For current market conditions, flour production is pretty well balanced in wheat milling and there is a good supply of wheat. And in cocoa, we've seen processing margins improving. Turning to Slide 11, which shows the major components of our corporate line. Most significant item you see here for the quarter is the $75 million charge related to our long-term debt buyback. Corporate line also reflects changes in our LIFO inventory reserves, where falling commodity prices generated a credit of $43 million this quarter compared to the year-ago LIFO charge of $5 million. Slide 12 shifts to the financial statement view, and shows statement of earnings highlights for the quarter and nine months. Net sales and other operating income increased 2% for the quarter to $15.1 billion. Overall, average selling prices were comparable, and our volumes were up slightly due primarily to new plants and acquisitions.  Gross profit increased to $242 million or 37% this quarter, mostly due to increased segment operating profit, plus the positive change in our LIFO inventory reserves. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3% to $355 million, principally due to currency translation impacts and expenses related to acquisition plans. Other expense was reduced by $158 million for the quarter, due primarily to improved results of our equity affiliate, partially offset by debt buyback charges. And I covered the changes in income taxes earlier on the call. Slide 13. On Slide 13, we're comparing selected balance sheet items at March 31 against our June 2009 year end balance sheet.  Stated [ph]( 31:01) operating working capital has decreased approximately $1 billion for the nine months, due principally to lower receivables balance. Inventories have increased compared to June, mainly due to seasonal factors and some inventory build related to our new plants and acquisition. We continue to have no commercial paper borrowings outstanding, and the reduction in total debt reflects the $500 million of long-term debt that we purchased. Slide 14, those are significant items impacting our cash flow's for the nine months. Cash generated from operations before the impact of changes in working capital is in line with the first nine months of last year at slightly more than $2 billion. Positive cash flow from changes in working capital were $757 million, due mainly to the decrease in receivables I just described.  CapEx and acquisitions were about $1.3 billion, down from last year, as the pace of spending for our large greenfield projects has slowed as we near completion of the program. And lastly, we did use some of these strong cash flows to buy back some higher interest rate long-term debt. Overall, cash and cash equivalents have increased just over $600 million from June 30 [ph] (32:24) of last year. Turning to Slide 15. Slide 15 provides an update of our recent financial performance using various financial return measures. This quarter, we've added a trailing four quarter, return on invested capital, ROIC measure, to our basket of measures, shown here as the black line on the chart. We believe ROIC is a more transparent measure as it is more easily calculated and it can be more easily used to compare our returns to other companies' returns, as well as being compared against our cost of capital.  And as you can see, our trailing four quarter ROIC shows the same trends as RONA and ROE. Trailing four quarter results have rebounded as our fiscal 2009 third and fourth quarters, which were negatively impacted by the global slowdown, rolled out of the calculation. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to Pat, and we'll be glad to take your questions.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Steve. John Rice joins Steve and me for the Q&A. So operator, if you would please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question today comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On the Corn business, particularly the hedging and sweeteners and starches. Can you just, Steve or John, help us understand a couple of things. One, what caused the hedging loss? And can you separate out the mark-to-market impact from the ineffective hedge accounting? Help us understand what that is, and perhaps tell us if any of that's going to reverse in future?
Steven Mills: First of all, we use a variety of instruments to hedge our corn position, and accounting rules dictate how they're treated on a mark-to-market basis or for allowed hedge accounting. But we use a mixture of accounts that are brought to market and our effectively used hedges. And to complicate that even more, we have to evaluate the corn future hedges for effectiveness, as defined by GAAP. So we've got a mix of that. And in each and every quarter, we have some of that mark-to-market and we've had some this quarter, we had some last quarter and some of the year ago quarter. So the results that we saw, some of that will be pushed forward, and some of that is essentially offsetting some numbers from prior periods. But we won't break those out specifically just because, as you can tell already by this explanation, there's a lot of moving parts to that. But overall, it was a significant amount of the variance between last year and this year came from those types of items when I look at sweeteners purchase in total.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So there's no way to get at sort of if x all that stuff out, what sort of trend level of earnings in that segment we?
Steven Mills: I just think in general, we would not have been too far off of last year's quarter once all those things wash through.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: My next question relates to corn. I've heard from multiple sources that as it relates to your new plants, there's a service stepup initially in corn procurement costs that you're experiencing, because the local market is unable to satisfy the needs of the plants at the prior prices. Is that even remotely correct?
John Rice: I hate to say it's not somewhat remotely correct. We're always trading corn throughout different parts of the would, different parts of the area. But to say that corn cost have gone up in that area just because you have new demand, that statement in itself would be true. To say that we're paying more than anybody else in the market, absolutely not.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: No, I didn't mean to imply that, I just meant that the there's -- you're maybe paying more than you'd like to -- well, the whole market's paying more than it'd like to be paying. Is that fair?
John Rice: The market's the market. All it does is move from maybe corn that was coming from Eastern or Western Nebraska is now going into Columbus, as opposed to being shipped someplace else. And we're taking trains from another area, taking them up down to the Gulf or on the West Coast. So it's really more of an arbitrage than anything else. Our model of it hasn't changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Pat, I think you mentioned that you hoped EPA would go to an E11 or E12 blend. And clearly, that decision is coming hopefully over the late summer. Do have an early read on whether or not you're going to face any difficulties renewing the blender tax credits at the end of the year, and whether or not they're considering lowering that?
Patricia Woertz: I think from what I understand and have talked with members of Congress on both sides of the aisle and the administration, it seems like there's an understanding of the importance of ethanol to energy security, the environment, job growth, et cetera. I think the renewal of the ethanol tax credit is on the horizon. I think it's not likely the extension will be approved until the latter part of this year which is [indiscernible] (38:45) comment. But I'm encouraged by the commentary. So we'll have to wait and see.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Are you worried at all with the timing of the election that there could be some trouble as there has been with the biodiesel extension?
Patricia Woertz: I think it needs a vehicle to be extended. But as I said, I'm optimistic that people understand the importance of it. And particularly in this blend wall environment, it's important to have more ethanol used by Americans.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And then just on the biodiesel tax credit, it hasn't been extended. The industry is struggling. Obviously, oil demand, as you mentioned, has been down. Any chances that would get back [ph] (39:31) or passed in this calendar year? Your insight into that would be appreciated.
Patricia Woertz: Obviously, less states and less volume are involved when you're talking about biodiesel. But I have still optimism that the credit will get extended if it has a vehicle, again, to link itself to.
John Rice: And you'll probably read the same headlines we do on this. Right now, it's maybe going to be passed by the end of May. But as Pat mentioned, it has to go on some other bill, and we thought it was going to pass earlier this year and it just hasn't happened. So hopefully, it'll pass by the end of the May, but we don't have any more insight than anyone else.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Just on Oilseeds, it was a great quarter and obviously, the outlook's changed a bit. But soybean crush margins look like what we track on the cash market have come up sequentially in April and look decent. So I'm curious what the outlook is for margins and I'm wondering if that is because utilization has fallen and so net net, really profitability is not better. If you could just give any color on the outlook there for oilseeds.
John Rice: We have seen an increase in the crush margins. But here in North America, but that's been attributed to exactly what you said that there's been a slowdown in the crush. We slowed down some of our operations. We are not exporting much protein meal or oil out of the United States right now. So I would say that's the main reason. In various places around the world, South America, you're seeing lower crush margins, but all the plants are starting up and running. Europe, depending on the location and whether it's a soft season or soybeans, crush margins seem to be holding somewhat steady at that part of the world. It hasn't dropped as much. It dropped here in the last month, but it has come back a little bit.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And John, do you think that the closure of the Danville facility helped crush margins? And then also, Steve talked about softness in food service for soybean oil, but we're starting to hear things picking up. Are you seeing that at all?
John Rice: Yes, we are seeing the pick up in food service. It's just up from the low. We're still not back to the levels we are experiencing two years ago. But we are seeing a little bit of a pick up in that market. And just like when we shut down any of our plants, it has an effect on the supply and demand.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And then turning to ethanol, the forward market has been, is much stronger than the prompt [ph] (42:25) market. One thing that that is a concern is that Cedar Rapids is coming on so the market has to absorb that 300 million gallons, but given the strength in the forward curve, would you say that's really not going to be an issue because demand is there?
John Rice: The reason we have a forward curve in the ethanol market is just because there aren't any margins out there forward. So it's really a very thin market, and you can't sell very much into that market. And it's just really trying to set a margin out there. The business is still very, very spot.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: And then the DOE recently talked about testing older vehicles. I think it's part of some Tier 1 testing. Pat, what do you think about that? I think they're going to be done by the summer of '11. Does that mean if they move to E15, that could potentially go to all the vehicles by next year?
Patricia Woertz: First of all, until they rule, it's hard to say what the outcome will be. But I think a bifurcated system of E15 for newer vehicles and E10 for older vehicles, very complex into the market and actually would have difficulty getting much uptake. We find that only about two out of our top 10 customers would consider being first users of E15, if there was this bifurcated market. So more importantly, or as a pathway, an important pathway to kind of get to further testing -- further testing needs to be done we suggest an E11 or an E12 on a substantially similar finding so that it can go into the entire market while the additional testing is being done for E15 and even higher implementation.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Can you just talk about if there's been any impact from the oil spill or what your expectations are there?
Steven Mills: We have not seen any impact in chipping [ph] (44:24) out of the Gulf as of this morning. So there has not been any disruptions, at least in our side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: The mark-to-market losses in hedge accounting in the Corn Processing segment, was that only sweeteners and starches? Or did that affect the ethanol operations as well? It's written as only in the sweeteners and starches paragraph.
Steven Mills: Principally, sweeteners and starches.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: And why would it only be there and not affect a broader part of your corn operations?
Steven Mills: It's how we manage our corn risk relative to those products.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: You had managed the corn going into ethanol differently than the corn going into high fructose corn syrup and corn oil?
John Rice: Let me give you an example. Let's just say we sell some fructose for this year 2010. We buy the corn, end up taking that corn, applying that corn to that fructose contract. When the accounting rules come into play at the end of each quarter, then we have to look at whether that is an effective hedge or not. So then that gets marked up or down to the market.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: So it's because ethanol is more spot and the sweeteners and starches has more forward business?
Steven Mills: That's one of the components. That's right, John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: And then secondly, you had very strong processing volumes in both soy and corn year-over-year. But I think you said in your revenue comment that maybe you're up something like 2% in total, revenue volume, on a volume basis. So the implication there is that a lot of the processing volume went into inventory?
Steven Mills: No, I don't think so. It's a mix of -- it all crossed all the segments of price and volume. So price was down, and some of the segments and volumes were up in some. So it's really just a mix. And when you look at us an overall basis, it comes out relatively flat.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: It just seems like a pretty big gap between the total revenue volume and what your report as processing volume.
Steven Mills: What we don't put in those processing volumes are the Ag Services, and which makes it a little more difficult to do those apples and apples. And we've started up some new plants and the acquisitions that we've got throughout the organization. So it's a little bit of everything.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: Steve, I just want to make sure I understood you correctly. You said that if we strip out the hedging and derivatives from the Sweeteners business, you would've been roughly in line with last year. Last year was about, on an adjusted basis, $141 million of profit. You are at $45 million this year. Is the difference that big? That sounds like a very big difference.
Steven Mills: The difference was big.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: And can you give us just a sense of, going forward, volumes in this business are -- most of us are forecasting them down a bit. Pricing is going to be down. Mexico makes up for some of it. But should we forecast a roughly single-digit decline in Sweeteners business once we get past all this derivatives noise?
John Rice: I think with the shipments to Mexico, they're more than offsetting any decline we're seeing in the United States.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: In the volume? Do you think it's offsetting the price issue also?
John Rice: Timing could be a big issue on that. And whether people bought the fructose and corn was 3 75 or 3 45. So the sales price could vary. The margins are within the same range.
Robert Moskow - Crdit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: And then lastly, on the BioProducts business, I've actually started forecasting losses for the next few quarters. But there's a lysine benefit in here too. So what are you really telling us about the rest of the calendar year, with ethanol prices this depressed for the calendar year and really the EPA isn't really going to bail us out for this calendar year? Do we think, that ethanol profits would be negative for the rest of the year?
Patricia Woertz: Well, first of all, Rob, we don't frankly forecast. We can give you some current market conditions and a little bit of outlook on things that we have a window into. Currently, the ethanol margins are at about break even. So even if you forecasted, or in your work, you may look at forecasts that look like the same or look like some opportunity-forcing differences, I think, there's still a little bit of blending room. Although, you'd argue we were -- the industry is up against a blend wall there.
Steven Mills: I think, when we talk about markets, our each and every plant has a little bit different cost structure. And we feel like we've got very competitive plants.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): Help me understand is. To the extent that corn prices flatline from here, you already realized the losses on your hedges in this quarter. So what does that do to margins from here on out in the sweeteners and starches?
John Rice: I wish it was that simple. There will be a portion. A portion of that will come back in the next quarter, because we do still have some open positions. So if you go with your assumptions and if prices stayed exactly same, we would get some of that back in our fiscal fourth quarter. As I said earlier, some of the results offset numbers from prior quarters. It's a real mixed answer, and that's why it's hard to explain. But basically, if everything stays the same, we would get a portion of that back.
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): Then how would that look, as we head into basically the back half of the calendar 2010, which you, correct me if I'm wrong, you price your fructose contracts on a calendar basis? So would there be carry-over into the first half of fiscal '11 then as well? Or is it primarily a very short-term window kind of quarter-by-quarter?
John Rice: I think, the answer to this, this is primarily short term.
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): I just wanted to ask Pat on the -- you called out the fact that a lot of the greenfield CapEx starting to come online. Should we look at your ROIC as promulgated here on Slide 15, as the best way to calculate what the accretion would be from those new assets? Or what's the best way for us to look at that, in terms of understanding what that will add to the income statement?
Patricia Woertz: Well, we think ROIC, as Steve has mentioned, is a better way to track performance. Although, as you can see, the trend lines are the same, no matter what return measure you use. But it's a little better way to look at the spread over weighted average cost of capital, or compares more clearly to some of competitor measures. So I think, there is a way to think about returns in the long term, being what you're objective is here. The new plants are a mix, as you might recall, a mix of cost-saving opportunities, such as the cogeneration plants, which provide us more advantage costs when natural gas prices are significantly higher and run the option of rerun coal in those plants. Two, newer, longer payout projects like a Bioplastics plant, which would have the kinds of accretion or returns at a much longer time frame. So they're a mix of sort of immediate and longer term. So when you look at ROIC, while I think, it is a measure and as we turn over the new year here, we'll probably, only kind of continue to comment maybe on ROIC. I think, it is a way to look forward on these projects, but just commenting that they are a mix of payout ranges.
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): And then I guess just on the start-up costs that you called out, Steve, the $27 million. I don't remember off the top of my head what they were last quarter. But at what point do those start-up costs go away?
Steven Mills: Well, I think, I'll have to look at my sheet. But I think, the number was pretty comparable last quarter. And we're, I think, a little over $30 million. It looks like it's $33 million of last quarter. I think, that same here where we are today, the fourth quarter probably are right about the same rate, just because we've got a couple of these plants that we still need to finish up. And then again, sitting here today, I would think, when we get in the new fiscal year, hopefully, Cedar Rapids corn's the only thing left to go and that number should drop off some, and then hopefully, quickly go down to nothing.
Diane Geissler - Calyon Securities (USA): And what exactly, do you include in start-up costs that falls into that bucket, that drops away, as you move into the next full year?
Steven Mills: Two pieces to that. One, as we construct plants, not every single dollar that you spend can be capitalized and put into the fixed-asset range. So we've got a section of that. It's kind of the non-capitalizable cost. And then we also add into that, what we call our pre-operating start-up costs to the extent that we've got some targeted production rates. So until we get the rates up to where we think they should be, we're going to take those incremental excess costs and throw that into the $27 million here. But the mix, and once we get kind of get those through then they'll just go into the bottom line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Steven, I want to go back to the corn hedging piece of it. I know, you've gotten a lot of questions here so far, but I just want to try my hand. So as I understand it, there's two components. There's the reversal of prior-period gains that were happening in the quarter. And then as a second topic, it's the ineffectiveness of hedge accounting. So the way I want to read this, is that in some prior quarters, you booked a bunch of gains and now you're reversing them out, because of the effect of various hedges that you had in place. So that seems pretty straightforward, in terms of how these things would work. The second piece seems more of a forward-looking issue that the ineffectiveness of the hedge accounting, and I want to guess, and John or Steve, maybe you can comment, this sounds like this a cross-hedging issue, where you have some pieces that the accountants just simply won't let you call a hedge. It falls into another quarter, which is why you said that we would see gains in another quarter. But in truth, you did it in order to offset things that were happening in this quarter. More or less, am I on the right track with this?
Steven Mills: Parts of that. But I would say no, in general. The one major item I want to correct is that it doesn't have anything to do with cross-hedging. The accounting rules are very specific on specifically, how the basis works and the effectiveness of hedging corn against -- using corn futures to hedge corn. And so when we talk about hedging effectiveness, this isn't the accountants telling us that we've got some cross-hedges that doesn't work. This is simply corn futures from time to time, based on the accounting rules and regs are not considered effective. We know they're effective for economic purposes, but they're not effective for accounting purposes. And therefore, they don't allow you to defer the gains and losses, related to those into the pin-to-the-forward period. So that part, I want to try to get to. Some of your other points, so as I said, there is a portion of that, that I think, when you started your comment I agree with, because some of the loss and gains that we've taken in prior quarters, and then enter some that we will on the ineffectiveness side, that will get pushed forward into forward period.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: So would the net answer be right now that you've taken a number of losses that showed up in this quarter, and that -- again I know, the corn prices can move around. But fundamentally, the nature of what's happened here is it's pushed forward future gains?
John Rice: A portion, yes. Portion of that changed, that's true.
Steven Mills: And this is why, to a number of other people, you've answered the question that says that don't look at this quarter's $45 million in the sweeteners and starches as the normal operating profit. That is not how calendar '10 would sort out. It would sort out much more like we've seen in prior quarters?
Steven Mills: That's right.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Final question then is to John. Going back on Oilseeds, you've made a number of comments regarding the capacity. Can you reconcile something for me? When I look at Oilseed Processing results, I mean, they have been very, very good. But I get the sense that in some of your language, you're being very cautious in this idea that we have overcapacity out there. And sometimes, I think, that when we all listen to it, it's very hard to understand how negative that may or may not be in future periods. Are you basically saying that when we bring in the North American harvest and that additional North American capacity, can compete against global capacity, that we will see a very significant contraction in crushing margins. Is that effectively what you're concerned about?
John Rice: There's a lot to answer in there, David, but let me just try. Our North America was slowing down the crush rates. So I do believe we will have a margin, like we did last summer, going forward. We will not see the exports of protein and meal coming out of the United States later in the year, like we saw this last year, because we have such a large South American crop. And we have more crush coming on in Argentina and Brazil, mostly Argentina. But with that said, we are seeing 4% growth in protein demand. So it becomes a little bit of a timing issue. Eventually, we will get up to that with crush capacity will not be an issue. But we have expanded, people have expanded crush in Canada. We have expanded crush in Argentina. So on a global basis, I feel there's a little bit of overcapacity and how that all plays out, it's just kind of tough to say. But I'm still very friendly long term about the whole industry. We're going to keep seeing growth in the meal and the oil demand, globally. But when you start talking quarter-to-quarters, it does get a little bit tricky.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just two questions related to ethanol. One, I think Pat, in your answer to your Rob Moskow's question, I think, you said that the ethanol margins were break even. And I just wanted to clarify, is that the industry margin or is that ADM's margin?
Patricia Woertz: I think, it's the industry margin in general.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just also related to ethanol, if you go back to the second quarter and the second quarter earnings call. At that point, I think, you described the ethanol market as being reasonably balanced at that point in time. And I guess, I'm just curious to know from your perspective, what's changed between now and then? And are you surprised by what's changed between now and then, in terms of the ethanol market?
John Rice: I think, what surprised me personally the most was we saw more plants start up than I would have thought would have started up. And just margin structure really isn't there. So we saw more people able to get financing. Also the blend wall has come in and we have not been able to expand the market as quickly as what we originally thought. Now we're expanding more in -- I think, it's roughly 86% of the gallons are being blended. We're seeing a little more blending in Texas, a little bit more in Pennsylvania. Salt Lake City is going to start blending. But I think, between those two, it was a little bit of surprise to me, and I think, the biggest one was the additional plants starting up with no real forward margin structure.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And John, do you think that, in terms of the extra capacity that's come on -- I'm assuming that the new capacity that you're putting in is more efficient, higher margin, especially once you get through the start-up costs. What do you think, the incentives are? Or how difficult do you think will be for some of these additional capacity that's coming to stay online? I guess, what I'm trying to say is, I'm assuming there's a margin differential between what you are putting into the market versus what's been turned on by some of your competitors. And how difficult do you think will be for them to continue to operate in this environment?
John Rice: I hate to answer that question. It puts me in their shoes, and I try to manage our business. It is a difficult environment right now with the blending wall and the additional capacity. One of those two have to be solved in order for the industry to start having better returns, I guess, the best way to say that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Is ADM's margin for ethanol higher or lower than the industry?
John Rice: We feel that we have a cost advantage to the industry. And with our global market knowledge on how we sell our BioProducts, our coal products and our ability to buy an arbitraged corn, we feel -- and also with our logistics, that we feel we have a better margin than the industry.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I was under the impression that there was like a month to two-month lag between the actual industry margin and kind of what goes through ADM's income statement. So like if there was a month or two ago that there were losses, would that be in this quarter? Or if you've already taken any of the "losses" in the industry or whatever the bad margins were, before they've hit break even. Is that the way to think about it?
Steven Mills: I don't think so, Ken. I think, that the market is so spot that whatever is happening in the marketplace runs through our results pretty quickly.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So your BioProducts should not be worse than this quarter? This is the bottom of the results, if I look at the margins right now, is that fair?
Steven Mills: I think when you look at the January, February period, we had a pretty good margins.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But when you look at March I wasn't very happy?
Steven Mills: March, right. I mean, margins have started to fall off a little bit, correct.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And have you taken a step back into -- and I get this question a lot, is if ADM did not build their two plants and we were in the state overcapacity, ethanol margins would be higher and you'd have about $1 billion of extra cash. Have you thought about kind of that logic of maybe going this far that quickly, without knowing it may not have been the right thing? How do you kind of put the parameters around it?
Patricia Woertz: We believe in this business in the long term. And I think, sometimes when you're taking on new capacity and new projects, you can't be looking at it as the exact timing of a particular quarter or year, when it comes on. On the way to ultimately, 36 billion gallons by 2022 is what the vision of the President and others are. These kinds of plants will make the difference in the longer term to have this country have more ethanol and more home-grown energy. So timing is sometimes everything, and it's sometimes part of the overall process. I think, we really have a long-term view here, and we feel very good about the competitiveness, the location, the capability. John mentioned the capability we have surrounding all these plants. We feel very good about our logistics, our ability to buy corn. We're glad we're in the business.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: On Ag Services, if I look at the outlook for the -- I know, you seem a little bit more cautious on Oilseeds and the other businesses. But Ag Services, it's setting up to be a pretty big year for the next 12 months. We have a big crop coming in, we have seemingly some China problems with corn. There seems to be maybe some few dislocation. Am I missing the overarching picture here? I mean, I'm not saying quarter-to-quarter, but it seems like in the next 12 months, Ag Services is setting up to be a pretty nice picture.
John Rice: As we see global demand keep increasing and the outlook of the crop currently looks fantastic here in the United States. Now we all know that can change. We can have a very large corn and soybean crop here in the United States. We have good wheat carryouts and with global demand increasing, yes.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: If you guys have any gains that are like in wheat and cocoa or any other places that would kind of reverse out going forward or vice versa, it's very difficult in general to forecast quarterly numbers, particularly on divisional level. [indiscernible] is definitely very helpful cocoa, business the Cocoa business obviously, falling off. I didn't realize there was so much gains to be reversed and so it's just a suggestion, just be helpful for modeling purposes.
Steven Mills: We understand that and appreciate that. Now you have to recognize that we're not -- because so much of what we're doing here has a mark-to-market aspect to it, there's no guarantees when things will get reversed and when things will happen. You can make lots of assumptions. But we appreciate that, and that we'll do our best to try to help you where we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz with Rafferty Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: Pat, in your prepared comments, you mentioned your preference for the EPA, the rule on a lower blend level, E11 or E12, rather than E15, as you saw E15 to be a challenge at complexity. Just explain that a little bit more in detail to me? To me, it sounds like E15 would just be raising the ceiling of that much more. It's not really quite the mandated level that they have to blend, but rather the maximum that could be blended. Can you tell me why an E11 or E12 blend would be good to [indiscernible] ?
Patricia Woertz: You were a bit faint, so if I don't get to your question, tell me. I think, you asked about why E11 or E12 would make sense, while waiting for higher tests and levels of E15. The challenge with E15 is sort of twofold. One is, there is some discussion that and as you might have noted from the EPA's response to the waiver request, they've talked about testing for 2001 in newer vehicles being compatible with E15. But potentially, older vehicles are not. And so some sort of a bifurcated system where you had some vehicles that could use E15, there would be some challenge with the blending, the distribution system, the dispensers, the tankage, the retailers, perhaps consumers needing to be advised or warned or labeling, and that confusing sort of implementation process that lend itself to some blenders just not wanting to accept the E15 going forward. So the opportunity for E11 or E12 to be much more of a smoother implementation for every 1% move in the blend wall, you can get about 1.3 billion in additional gallons. So with smoother implementation on the way to higher blend levels, E15 and beyond could be E11 or E12, which the EPA could make a substantially similar finding, which means it's substantially similar to E10, therefore, could be in the entire fuel pool. So used by the entire carpark. So we think, that implementation would be easier, because it could happen faster. Just go right in the way you E10 goes in. And again, as more testing is needed on E15, that would be a sort of pathway on the way to a higher transition. Does that make sense and did I answer your question?
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: So just to clarify, I guess, the issue then really isn't the rate of blending. It's rather this bifurcation of the vehicle pool. And you just find that it would be easier or simpler for the EPA to rule on if it was a lower blend rate. In other words, if they came out and said any E whatever throughout the entire vehicle pool, you'd be completely happy with that. It's not really the percentage of blend. Rather, it's the bifurcation of the market, is that correct?
Patricia Woertz: Yes. If they said E15 everywhere, that would be good, the E20, E25, perhaps we should be getting into a testing of much higher levels as Brazil and other places do. But on the way to that, if they find they cannot rule on E15 for the entire carpark, any increase is helpful.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: And is this kind of up for discussion right now? I haven't heard much about this.
Patricia Woertz: It is in the comment submitted by the RFA, I believe it was in July. So they also and stated that it was their belief the EPA can authorize the higher blends and make this substantially similar finding. So yes, it's been out there.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: The 1 billion gallons that are idled right now, John, you said you've been surprised that some of this capacity that's come online and I have been able to receive working capital financing. Can you comment on when you look out at the next 1 billion gallons of idled capacity and where you -- I guess, not holding your feet to fire on whether it gets put back online or not. But what does this 1 billion gallons look like?
John Rice: I think, the blend wall that we discussed earlier will have a big impact on that, and how quickly does the demand increase. But under these circumstances, I can't see that additional 1 billion gallons coming on right now, just because we're already producing more than the mandate. And until we can increase the usage rate of that, I just can't see that extra 1 billion gallons coming online.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: So with 12.8 online right now and your Cedar Rapids plant coming up mid summer, it gets us to about 500 million gallons above the 2011 RFS. And again, kind of walking into January on an overcapacity basis relative to the mandate, you would see that, that 1 billion gallons of idled capacity would kind of still be under pressure, in terms of coming back online, correct?
John Rice: Correct.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: The Bioplastics facility, just to get a bit of understanding, is it your decision on how fast this gets put online, in terms of getting to commercial capacity? Or is this a joint discussion between you and Metabolix? Or is it strict down Metabolix's timeline?
John Rice: It's a joint discussion between Metabolix and us about the timing and how quickly we ramp up the plant.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: So it's not only operational and mechanical kind of processes, but just also market development and their sales of the product. Is that correct?
John Rice: Correct. We have a sales plan going out forward and what we anticipate and we'll tweak that as time goes on, and how the plant runs and how customers are accepting the product.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil: And when would you expect to begin discussions around the second through fourth trains of that facility?
John Rice: We're discussing it now. And we are going to the capital expenditures to bring that online. We're in the process of bringing on another fermenter, as we speak, here in the next six months. So we're always looking at that. But the next big step will be the next train.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: I believe, I heard on your comments that global protein demand is forecast up 3%. Is that correct?
Steven Mills: Yes, I think it's 3.3% or 3.4%, something like that from what we read.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: That's a nice improvement from what was really a cautious outlook and commentary during February. Is there something driving that? Is it across the board or is there one area that's stronger?
John Rice: We're seeing Asia with very good growth. South America has good growth. I think, Steve mentioned also, Europe we're seeing a little bit. North America's fairly flat. But I think, just the world economies are feeling a bit better.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company, LLC: And then if I can just get an update on switchgrass sugar ethanol, this alternative opportunities. If you can give me an update as to where you are with some of that?
John Rice: Our sugar ethanol plant, we're starting the early part of the harvest now. That will start up here later part of this month, I think, or on the 17th or the 20th. Switchgrass, we're not involved with.
Patricia Woertz: We're still burning [ph] and some of the other projects are on stream. But I don't have any specific updates for this call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question today comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Associations: I think, you've had a debate with the rating agencies about whether the potential for stock repurchase should affect whether your convert is considered more equity-like or more debt-like. Have you had any updated discussions there? I mean, you spent over $0.5 billion in reducing your debt during the quarter here. It would be nice to see some equity movement too.
Steven Mills: We normally have our kind of annual conversation with the rating agencies in October. I plan to go out and visit them again here in the next month to revisit that very same subject and bring them up to speed with the state of our financial wherewithal and see where we can go from there.
Operator: Your next question comes on the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to understand on going to E11 or E12, I think, I understand what you're saying that the EPA, with a substantially similar ruling, with them unclear on how that solved the implementation issue. So have you talked or listened to 10 customers, don't want E15, do the 10 customers want E11 and E12?
Patricia Woertz: I think, the point there, Ken (sic) [Vincent] and I can't answer that specifically, but it has to do with, Vincent, it applies to all cars, our all vehicles, because they're substantially similar. It's just like the E10, that would go into the gasoline pool sort of unnoticed. So it would be not an implementation issue like we hear the implementation issues could be on E15.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But aren't there liability issues and there wouldn't be pump issues? I mean, are you saying that all that other stuff would be no problem with E11 or E12?
Patricia Woertz: Well, I can't comment on all that others would do. And if there was a court challenge of some sort, there would be lengthier implementations and perhaps, some of the same. But in fact, it would be easier or it's assumed that would be easier, because of the substantially similar and all-carpark applicability, would be the statement.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: What you're saying that the benefit of E11 or E12 would be that it could be for all the cars, rather than E15 would be for certain cars. And that's what would be better about it. But there wouldn't necessarily be any differences in the issues from a liability or from a pump perspective?
Patricia Woertz: I don't know. I'm just saying that if it's substantially similar, your comment first, I would agree with. I can't comment on what others might react to. But certainly, when it's applicable to the entire carpark, it's flows through the system as E10 does today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alec Patterson with RMC (sic) [Dresdner RCM Global Investors].
Alec Patterson - RCM: Steve, I was wondering, the CapEx, the wind down, what are we looking at, maybe as a longer-term run rate, longer-term meaning in the next couple of years?
Steven Mills: We don't have any Greenfield projects on the drawing board that are even close to the magnitude the once we've been completing. I'm sure we'll have some of the Cedar Rapids corn plant finish-up costs in 2011. And so 2011 will certainly be down from where we're at today. Historically, we've had a run rate of kind of normal recurring CapEx a maintenance et cetera in the $600 million or so, might tweak up just a tad. So we're seeing it go, but then the other aspect to that, Alec, is that we see a chunk of our growth coming through M&A and acquisitions, which are a lot harder to predict when they're going to come on. So it's one of the reasons we keep a strong balance sheet and that proverbial dry powder for those kinds of things.
Alec Patterson - RCM: But I might hearing something on the order of $600 million to $700 million of maintenance CapEx and a few hundred million on top of that, for tweaking facilities et cetera, for growth needs, and then whatever else falls to the M&A/capital structure pile?
Steven Mills: I think, if I was looking at 2011, that wouldn't be too far off.
Alec Patterson - RCM: And 2012 similar?
Steven Mills: Yes. Hard for me to see that far ahead. But based on where we see today, that's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: You guys have been talking about acquisitions for some time now. Is there any updated timeline or anything that we can kind of hang our hat on that there might be a something in the -- just to give you an idea of what's happening, because it seems like we've been talking about acquisitions, because you guys are pretty cash flow positive for quite a while. Can you just give us a little bit of an update and maybe a timeline?
Steven Mills: Well, it's hard to give you a timeline on those things, Ken. And the good news is that the market's quiet, so you're not hearing a lot of rumors about that. But we're working on them everyday, literally. And so it's really hard to put a timeline just because, of course, it takes two to get a deal done. So what I'll tell you is that we've got -- we're actively analyzing, reviewing and looking at transactions, as we speak.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Is anything like around the corner? As in like you guys are close, or are we still three to 24 months away?
Steven Mills: I won't say that, because it could be -- you just can't say that.
Patricia Woertz: And it's all about profitable growth and we'll share with you when we know and what we know and thanks for asking though. We have talked about it and I think, it is an integral part of our growth plans.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer portion of the call. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Pat Woertz for closing remarks.
Patricia Woertz: Well, thank you again for your time. We really appreciate your questions today. Slide 17 did show a couple of upcoming investor conferences. And we look forward to talking with you at our next call in August. Goodbye now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-02-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad  VP, IR Pat Woertz  Chairman, President and CEO Steve Mills  EVP and CFO John Rice  EVP, Commercial and Production
Analysts: Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley John Roberts  Buckingham Research David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research Christina McGlone  Deutsche Bank Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets Ann Gurkin  Davenport & Company Diane Geissler  CSLA Ian Horowitz  Rafferty Capital Markets Alec Patterson  RCM
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2010 Archer Daniels Midland Company earnings conference call. My name is Josh, and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to our host for todays call, the Vice President of Investor Relations, Dwight Grimestad. You may proceed.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Josh. Good morning and welcome to ADMs second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two for the companys Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect managements current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, markets conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of governments. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide three lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today. And I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and turning to slide four, good morning everyone. I will begin with safety first. Through our second quarter, we reduced lost workday injury rate by 32%, and our total recordable incident rate by more than 9% compared to the full- fiscal year 2009, thanks to the ADM employees and contractors for their continued attention to safety. Turning to our financial results, this morning we reported quarterly net earnings of 567 million or $0.88 per share. I am very pleased with the performance of our people and with our results this quarter. While our earnings in total were comparable to last year's strong second quarter, the market conditions and the mix of earnings were markedly different. This once again, I believe, demonstrates the ability of ADMs team to utilize the geographic scope and diversity of our asset base to create value for our stockholders. Steve will talk about our segment results in a moment, but first an update on our profitable growth strategy. We have brought online this quarter our Columbus, Nebraska, ethanol dry mill adding 300 million gallons of annual capacity. Our Clinton, Iowa, cogeneration plant, our Brazilian JV sugarcane ethanol plant, our first production line at Hazleton, Pennsylvania, the Cocoa processing plant. Also we have increased ethanol production capacity at our Decatur, Illinois corn wet mill, and we brought online incremental processing capacity at several of our North American oilseed processing plants. We have integrated our recently acquired soft seed processing plant at Olomouc in the Czech Republic. We have started up the boilers at Columbus cogeneration plant. We are in startup at the bioplastics plant in Clinton, Iowa, and we are on track to start up our propylene glycol, ethylene glycol plant in Decatur later this quarter. And lastly our Cedar Rapids dry mill is scheduled to come online this summer, rather than in the fall. So, looking at current operating conditions, we are seeing demand improving in some of our key markets we serve. We also see the US ethanol market reasonably balanced, and in South America growers are harvesting what appears to be a bountiful crop. So, we will discuss more of these topics during our operating results discussion. So, I will now turn the call over to Steve, who will look at our segment results.
Steve Mills: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. Turning to slide five, slide five reflects our financial highlights for this quarter. Segment operating profit was 970 million for the quarter, up 155 million or 19% from the 815 million from a year agos quarter. And in a moment I will discuss those segment results in a little bit more detail. Quarterly net earnings and earnings per share both decreased 2%, and our tax rate has been reasonably steady. As you can see from the waterfall chart for the quarter on the lower left of the slide, we did not have any notable items this quarter other than LIFO, which had a 34 million or $0.05 a share after tax negative impact on earnings and EPS. Last year's quarter included $0.12 a share of LIFO income. Turn page to slide six, where we show the quarter and year-to-date summary of our operating profit by segment, where you can see our results in a bit more detail. Well turn to slide seven to begin a review of each individual segment, starting with Oilseeds Processing. The oilseeds operating profits this quarter were 352 million another good performance from this business unit. Crushing and origination results increased 6 million to 193 million for the quarter due to stronger crush margins in North America and the absence of last year's South American fertilizer write-downs. These results were partially offset by weaker year-over-year European results. Our crushing volumes were higher in the quarter as our recently completed plant expansions positioned us well to meet the increased demand for North American export meal and oil as the industry adjusted for the lack of soybean supply in South America. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results decreased 10 million in the quarter to $76 million. Improved South American margins and volumes were more than offset by weaker European biodiesel earnings and lower North American results. And oilseed results in Asia rose 37 million to 83 million for the quarter. The results of our equity investee, Wilmar International Limited, continued to be strong. The growth update for Oilseeds Processing. As Pat mentioned, our sunflower and rape seed crushing plant in the Czech Republic is now integrated into our European operations, expanding our presence in Central and Eastern Europe. Our recently expanded fertilizer blending operation in Paranagua, Brazil, is operating, and our new fertilizer blending facility in Paraguay should be online by midyear. Crop update, this year's US soybean crop was 3.4 billion bushels and the projected carryout is 245 million bushels. As you will recall, the soybean supply was considered very tight coming into this US harvest. But this US harvest, together with a large harvest expected in South America, should raise the carryout and provide an ample supply of soybeans. For market conditions, we are seeing some improvement from previous low levels in meal and oil demand. However, globally meal protein customers continue to be fairly cautious buyers and are operating hand-to-mouth. For the crop year 09 and 10, industry sources project anywhere from 1% to 4% growth in global protein meal consumption. Demand for protein meal is growing in Asia and South America, but is relatively flat in North America and Europe. Vegetable oil inventories are stable at elevated levels. Biodiesel demand is strong in Brazil, after the implementation of the B5 mandate in January of this year. Biodiesel demand in the EU is improving as Spain, Italy and the UK have implemented biodiesel programs. EU biodiesel demand for 2010 is projected to increase 20% to 30% based on implementation of EU mandate. There is little US biodiesel production so far in 2010, as the industry awaits the implementation and funding of RFS II with both biodiesel mandates and blending credit. We will adjust crushing rates between regions as soybeans supply shifts. We expect to run at high capacity utilization rates in North America until April or so when the new crop soybean supply in South America should allow increased crushing rates in Brazil and Argentina. Moving to corn processing on slide eight, for the quarter, corn processing results increased 261 million to 290 million on significantly improved bioproducts results. The bioproducts results increased 230 million for the quarter due to improved ethanol margins and higher sales volumes, resulting from a combination of lower net corn cost, decreased manufacturing cost and favorable gasoline blending economics. Bioproducts results also reflected improvements in our lysine and citric acid businesses. And as a note in the quarter, bioproducts included about $34 million in costs related to the start-up of our new plants, the ethanol dry mills, the industrial chemical plants, the new cogens, and our sugarcane ethanol facility. Turning to sweeteners and starches, operating profits increased 31 million over the prior year to 171 million for the quarter. Sales volumes were down slightly. Operating profits increased due to the lower net corn and manufacturing costs. We have completed our sweeteners and starches contract negotiations for 2010, and we saw a decrease in selling prices for sweeteners and starches. On a weighted average basis, this decrease was in the high single digits, but we do expect a lesser impact on margins. For a growth update in corn processing, as weve mentioned, we are finishing up our major projects. The Columbus ethanol plant is nearly through start-up. Our conservative design estimates had put the capacity of this plant at 275 million gallons per year, however, based on initial runs, we believe this plant will be able to operate at a 300 million gallon per year rate. Our Clinton cogen plant is up and running, and weve started up the boilers at our new Columbus cogen plant. We are in start-up at our PHA bioplastics plant and our propylene and ethylene glycol plant will begin PG production in March. Work on our Cedar Rapids ethanol dry mill is going well, and the plant is on track for start up this summer. And weve had an ongoing project to expand our ethanol capacity in Decatur, Illinois, to give us additional flexibility at this corn wet milling plant. This project is now complete, and we have cost effectively added another 50 million gallons per year of ethanol capacity. Looking at current corn crop conditions, last years US corn crop was 13.2 billion bushels, the second largest crop on record, and the projected carryout of 1.8 billion bushels is considered an ample supply. Looking at current market conditions, ethanol spot prices were similar to unleaded gasoline in the second quarter, but are currently running $0.10 to $0.20 below unleaded gasoline. With the $0.45 per gallon tax credit, the blender currently has a significant incentive to buy additional gallons. Given these economics, we are seeing discretionary blending above the levels required by the RFS. Industry sources show 11.8 billion to 12.3 billion gallons of ethanol capacity online, 1 billion to 1.2 billion gallons of capacity that is idled, and 1 billion to 1.4 billion gallons of capacity currently under construction. 2010 RFS requirement calls for 12 billion gallons up from the 10.5 billion gallons in 2009. Lysine demand remained strong, driven both by the increasing use of DDGS in feed and by increasing inclusion rates in feed rations. Lysine pricing is also improving. Lower levels of CSD consumption have resulted in reduced corn sweetener volumes in the US, however, increasing corn sweetener volumes to Mexico are expected to largely offset this decline. Let's now turn to slide nine, and review the operating performance of our ag services business segment. Ag services results decreased to 150 million from last year's record levels. During last year's second quarter favorable positioning coming into the quarter, volatile commodity markets and tight credit markets presented attractive volume and margin opportunities, which did not repeat themselves. Merchandising and handling results were lower than the year ago quarter, but were still solid in light of the late wet US harvest, and in the quarter we saw strong US export demand for soybeans. Operating earnings from our transportation operations declined on lower barge freight rates and decreased utilization levels resulting from the extended North American harvest. Looking at current market conditions for ag services, we do expect exports from the US to be reduced, soy exports to be reduced when the large South American crop is harvested. However, with large global crops and improving demand, we will see opportunities to utilize our global ag services network. Slide 10 is an operating profit analysis of our other segment. This segment reported an overall profit of $178 million this quarter, up $173 million from last year's second quarter. Our other processing businesses had higher results as the year ago quarter reflected 40 million of currency related losses at our equity investee, Gruma S.A. And this quarter's other processing results also benefited from improved wheat milling margins. In addition, other processing earnings for the quarter included mark-to-market gains of 46 million related to certain forward sales commitments that we accounted for as derivatives. Other financial results increased 65 million due to the absence of losses experienced last year by our captive insurance operations, and we also saw improved results from our ADM investor services business. Current market conditions show wheat flour production generally balanced in the milling group, and we have a good supply of wheat. Production in cocoa has slowed as the industry experiences both reduced demand and high cocoa and sugar prices. Customers have continued to be cautious in forward contracts. Turning to slide 11, slide 11 shows the major components of our corporate line. The most significant item you see here is the impact from changes in our LIFO inventory reserves, where rising commodity prices this quarter generated a charge of $54 million compared to a year ago income of $123 million for the quarter. Slide 12, slide 12 shifts to the financial statement view, and shows statement of earnings highlights for the quarter and six months. I will highlight the key changes here. Net sales and other operating income decreased 5% for the quarter to 15.9 billion. Sales quantity of merchandized commodities and to a lesser extent of ethanol and wheat flour increased for the quarter. However, the continuing effects of year-over-year declines in underlying commodity market prices drove average selling prices lower for many of our products. Gross profit decreased 159 million for the quarter due mostly to the change in our LIFO inventory reserves. SG&A expenses increased 6% to 358 million, and other income and expense increased 147 million. Lot of items run through this line, but the biggest amount of the changes were from gains and losses related to our affiliates, and from a swing in our minority interest eliminations. Slide 13, we're comparing selected balance sheet highlights on this slide as of December 31, and compared against our June 30 year-end balance sheet. The biggest changes to point out here are the increases in net property plant and equipment, which continue to increase mainly due to the spending on our major capital projects, and the increasing operating working capital due primarily through an increase in inventory. Slide 14, slide 14 shows the significant items impacting our cash flows for the six months. Cash generated from operations before the impact of changes in working capital remained strong at $1.66 billion and is up about 6% from last year's first half. Cash flows and changes in working capital are relatively minor, and CapEx spending was just under a billion dollars for the quarter or for the six months and similar to last year. The pace of this CapEx spending has begun to slow as we bring our large Greenfield projects online. Our financial position and key operating cash flows remain very strong. We are focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. We are in good position to respond to strategic opportunities as they arise. Turning to slide 15, where we provide an update of our current financial performance using return on equity and return on net assets. The four-quarter rolling returns shown here in purple and blue remain relatively low due to last fiscal years weak second half, when earnings were adversely impacted by the global recession and downturn in demand. But as you can see from the green and orange lines on this chart, which reflect annualized quarterly returns, these returns have rebounded in the past two quarters. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Pat, and we will be glad to take your questions.
Pat Woertz: Thank you Steve. John Rice will join Steve and me for the Q&A. So, operator if you could please open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Robert, you may proceed.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. Very strong quarter, congratulations.
Steve Mills: Hi, Rob. Thank you.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I had a question about corn syrup pricing. I know it is  the contracts have been negotiated at lower prices than a lot of us expected. And I always thought of the industry as being pretty well disciplined in terms of price, but then you are also looking at capacity utilization levels that are a lot lower than they were before, do you see any change in your view as to whether this is a disciplined industry in terms of pricing or are our concerns well founded that pricing might continue to drift lower?
John Rice: I will start by answering. We have lower volumes in the industry. So, I think that had a little bit to do with the lower prices. Also we're picking up a little bit of volume in Mexico, which helps to offset, and I can't comment on the discipline in the industry or anything like that. We're just really looking at the total supply and demand, and in our case we are always looking at, as Pat and Steve both mentioned in their prepared comments, more flexibility in our  being able to make other products. So, as far as the discipline goes, I guess I can't comment on that.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, but what you are kind of saying in your guidance here is that you expect pricing to be down, but you also expect your corn cost on a net basis to partially offset that lower price realization. Is that correct?
John Rice: You should see lower cost, and we expect to see lower operating costs also, lower corn and manufacturing cost.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just one more factual thing, you mentioned the exact number of $34 million of start-up costs in the bioproducts line, when did these start up start to ease off, how much more in terms of costs should we expect for the rest of the year, and then also volume for ethanol for the quarter, was your volume up a lot because of the new production facilities or was it up because of the higher demand?
Steve Mills: I will start with that and let John or Pat fill in. On the startup costs, based on what I know today, I think that the 34 million will be the peak of start up costs as we bring these plants online and get them going, and we should see them taper off some in the next two quarters. But there is no question we have got start up going here for at least another two to three quarters. But at least based on our estimates today, we think we peaked.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Steve Mills: The ethanol volumes were certainly a mix of the new plant coming online from Columbus. I'm thinking back already over a month now. We're using volumes that go back to December, but we included volumes there, and we have been merchandising volumes all along the way. So it was a mixture.
John Rice: And also you can see in our appendix, we have our process volumes in our corn grind is higher as due to ethanol and then also lysine. We're seeing better lysine demand. We can divert more of our grind over there. As this time of the year where the sweetener volume tends to slow down a little bit, even though we are seeing a little bit more of a pickup in Mexico.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:
 :
Steve Mills: With the slow draw on our harvest, our transportation assets were not taxed as much. We werent able to see little bit of volatility in the transportation assets. Also the ability to handle a large volume of grain all at once affected us. But as the harvest keeps going on, as a matter of fact they are harvesting corn around Decatur yesterday to help finish up. We will see opportunities come. We will be exporting more beans out of South America. Corn will come out of Eastern Europe, and Central Europe and Western Europe, and then also more corn exports will probably start coming out of the United States here as we see less soybean exports in the next, after April just due to the South American crop.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Vincent you may proceed.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
Steve Mills: Good morning Vincent.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Just want to follow up a little bit on the bioproducts piece, and just want to make sure I understand. You got start up costs, but does that also mean that you are not running those plants full-out or are you running them full-out at this point?
John Rice: Well, it is a mixture Vincent. We look at it in two buckets. We have just pure start up costs to get  we have got plants that arent even running yet. For example, or they are running in stages, the propylene ethylene glycol, the bioplastics plant, and we have plants such as the Columbus dry mill that is coming up over a bit of time, and so we are incurring some cost until we get that up to full capacity. So, it is a mixture of those. So, we look at that, and from our perspective we include  that $34 million includes bits and pieces of both of those, and we will stop including them in those costs when those plants are at their designed capacity.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, I guess maybe what I really trying to get at is as it relates to ethanol, there has been a lot of volatility in that line over recent quarters, and just trying to get a sense of you know, this quarters results if we just looked at it where things were on a cash basis, and assumed all on a go forward basis, is this about what you should be doing in that segment on a go forward basis assuming nothing changed?
Steve Mills: Well, we still, Columbus was not completely up in the December quarter end. So, we don't have that up to (inaudible).
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Can you give us a sense of how far up it was or wasnt?
Steve Mills: (inaudible).
John Rice: Go ahead I am sorry.
Steve Mills: We're basically starting it up. As of yesterday we are pretty much close to full capacity now. There are still issues anytime you start up a huge plant. You may shut down a line for a little while just to tweak, make sure you get the energy efficiency in the operations. So, to quantify it exactly it is just a little tough. I think the better way to say this is we're going to have more capacity quarters going forward, but you really have to look at what the margins are doing in the industry to try to align our second quarter with our third quarter.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Sure, understood. And maybe I will just ask one last question on ethanol, then I will pass it on, and this maybe a question that will be familiar from this call two years ago, but there is no issue, if I am correct in terms of blending infrastructure as we move into 2010 to make the mandate or potentially blend above it, John is that correct, the bottleneck that we used to see two years ago, are you not anticipating any of that during 2010?
John Rice: No. We are not.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. I will pass it along.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Roberts from Buckingham Research. John you may proceed.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning John.
Steve Mills: Hi John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Will there be a three-year capital spending cycle coming up next or do you think you're going to handle it a year at a time as you come off this current three-year period?
Steve Mills: John, I think that we are going to have a different CapEx profile going forward. We are at the conclusion, nearing the conclusion that this large Greenfield effort. We don't have projects like this on the books that are Greenfield. So, we expect CapEx going forward to have a higher mix of acquisitions than we do Greenfield. So, it is going to be a little less predictable than we have had in the last couple of years, where we were able to pretty much line up where we thought CapEx was going to be based on these Greenfield projects. So, we will see where that lands us.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Do you have an early thought on where fiscal 11 will drop to?
Steve Mills: No, other than we will have to see. Right now, we think that the Cedar Rapids dry mill will be done about the end of this fiscal year. I'm sure we will have some expenses flopping over into fiscal 11. We have been running what we call our maintenance CapEx, our recurring CapEx, at about 600 million. So, sitting here today with what I know today that number will start to trend a lot closer to that maintenance CapEx then where we are today. But that is where the big asterisks to potential acquisitions and other things that are going to come along.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: And then lastly, and then I will get back in the queue, but you are running a 13% return on assets, which is near your target, with the  I assume there is a significant drag from the new capital that is coming in that is not fully productive yet. You know how much that drag roughly is or how much of a lift you would get if you had full productivity from the new capital?
Steve Mills: We dont have  I don't have that calculation, and as you point out, we have seen a lot of volatility in those return metrics, and we look at it over time. So, every quarter has a little different mix. I dont have that number.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Thank you. I will get back in queue.
Pat Woertz: Thanks John.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research. David, you may proceed.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Great. Thanks a lot. Good morning everyone.
Steve Mills: Hi David.
John Rice: Good morning.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Congratulations on the quarter and a good first half. Looking at the oilseed processing side, can you talk a little bit more, I actually took a couple of your comments maybe more negatively on the  what you said about the slowdown in US exports. As I calculate the pacing right now, we're going to have excellent US exports out of the country. It is just the pattern has shifted, so it is much more upfront, and then I would say that the decline in the shipments in terms of post-April is really a function of not a lot of beans left in the United States. So, it is not an issue of demand. John would you agree with that?
John Rice: Demand, as Steve commented, we see growing. Also here in the United States, if you look at the cold storage, inventories are down I think 15% to 18% from last year. So, we are seeing a little bit better demand. I think our comments are more aligned to where we see the South American crop, and the crush coming online in Argentina and Brazil. When the pipeline totally gets filled, the North American  we anticipate the North American crush will slow down a little bit. Did that answer your question David?
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Yes, I was maybe just trying to John point out that it is really not a negative. It almost sounded negative in your prepared comments, but it looks to me like the shipments of beans, the exports of beans out of the United States right now have been at all-time record levels, and this is just a different pacing then what we have seen in the past, the shift to South America it feels natural. So, again I just wanted to make sure I was tracking with what we were seeing in those markets correctly, do you agree with my statements?
John Rice: No, I agree.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research:
 :
John Rice: I don't believe that there is going to be a bean shortage in the United States. We had a fairly large crop. There is fairly good carryover, I thought 245 million bushels. The market usually says anything over 200 million bushels is more than adequate carryover. So, I think it is more just the additional crush we are going to be seeing in South America, I mean online. Margins still should be good because of different biodiesel throughout the world. I think it is just going to be a switch of where the crush is going to be operating.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Okay. Pat on ethanol, you made a lot of nice comments and so did Steve. Can you just give us maybe a bigger picture or comment here, does it feel as if the ethanol business has really come through the worst of the downturn, you know, where we had those negative margins, and it honestly felt like the business was, you know, so many of the competitors were going bankrupt, I mean it was fairly awful. Does it feel like you can honestly look forward over a couple of years and say that the outlook is actually good?
Pat Woertz: Well, first of all David, you know we have an optimistic view of the ethanol business or we wouldn't be building that capacity or haven't built that capacity that we did. We have been in the business for quite a long time. So, we have seen cycles as you know, and there is a RFS out there that gives you some set of certainty related to demand. You have the opportunity to have additional demand due to incremental blending. So, the big picture is we are optimistic about the ethanol business, and we think that the scale and the scope and the low-cost producer that we are is the way to go about it. So, I won't it will be successful for everyone, but through its ups and downs, a low-cost large producer should do very well.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Final question for you guys is you have a number of people talking about it. You have talked about it yourself, all these capital projects that are coming to completion, you know, the way I know a lot of us on the outside think about is we look at the capital spending number over a multi-year basis, apply some kind of expected return against it, and that is how we come up with an EPS impact. It feels very crude to me to do it in such a fashion. Are you guys willing to provide any kind of guidance on what the impact of all these projects are, especially those projects that are cost reduction projects like your cogen project. I think it would be very helpful for the investment community to get a sense as to what kind of returns you guys see on it. I dont know if you are prepared now, I maybe want to start the ball rolling on that.
John Rice: It is a good question David, and how you think about it is not all that crude, because as you can appreciate that there is a lot of volatility in our business, whether it is on a cost savings project like cogens, where we look at coal versus natural gas and other products, which have a lot of volatility, as well as the other types of products that we are going to produce from our new plants. And we do look at our returns over periods of time, knowing that we are going to have some cyclicality and volatility to the business. So, we continue to look at returns and metrics, but no matter what we do here, it will be based on a number over time and a set of assumptions that we know will  that will be over and sometimes below others. So, it is a great question. It is something we look at all the time and we will continue to refine that and if we can share that with you and others, we certainly will.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: I really appreciate the comments. Again, congratulations on the quarter.
Steve Mills: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thanks David.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research. Christine, you may proceed.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Thank you. Good morning.
Steve Mills: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Christine.
John Rice: Hi, Christine.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Pat, I think you said you were optimistic on the blend rate increasing. I am wondering EPA had initially said there were going to punt the decision until the fall, and in comments, I think as recent as last week, it now sounds like they can make a decision a lot earlier than that. What is your outlook and then how do you plan for kind of a moving target like that?
Pat Woertz: Well, I think I have to comment it is at the highest level so to speak as opposed to trying to predict what day or what month we might get a response. As you know, the EPA has undertaken a formal review of an application, and that application was about a 15% blend rate. And they did announce they were postponing it until the middle of 2010. I think, we're still optimistic that the view is and in fact comments they have made was it felt like it was an inevitable discussion about higher blend rates. Whether or not that will go to the full 15, whether it will go to 12, some of the discussions we have been having with folks is related to allowing customers to not have to distinguish by cars or model year, but have something that the market doesn't have any, the market is sort of can deploy the higher blend rate within the current structure or within the current chain, distribution chain. So, I think we're still optimistic and I think it will be by the middle of the year that we will hear.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Okay, and then when you look, I would say, over the last quarter, I would say you have heard of numerous plants coming back online, a lot of new capacity it looks like we'll be on maybe a billion gallons or more online by midyear. I am ordering, you know, when you look at the supply demand balance then going through 2010 and into your next fiscal year, are you concerned at all that there would be any oversupply. Again, that is a lot of capacity to come back online, and I know the economics are very favorable right now. I'm just wondering what your outlook is.
Pat Woertz: Well, maybe I will start and John you want to jump in. I think the estimates that the markets have noted are for total capacity both built or idled is between 13 billion and 13.7 billion gallons. So, you know the opportunity, again to continue to blend at higher rates, those that should have good economics to run will probably run. I think we see a fairly balanced that is the best way to say it as opposed to an over worry or an undersupply fairly balanced.
John Rice: Timing has a lot to do with everything in this business too, and we are bringing on more capacity like you said, but we are seeing some export business out in the United States. The next sugarcane harvest and the increase in the ethanol production won't happen until April-May time period in South America, which we will start bringing on more summer driving here. So, you always have that little bit of supply and demand balance. Half a billion gallons here, half a billion gallons there can make a difference, but we still believe in the long-term of 15 billion gallons and the industry seems like right now we are going to be built to that in the long-term.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And you're not worried at all by some of these accounts, the low carbon fuel standard in Wisconsin I guess filing a similar petition, any of those environmental constraints a concern for you longer term?
Pat Woertz: Well, I would say that you always have to make sure the education process you know, goes on with each jurisdiction. So to say there are no worries, no or we wouldn't have you know, people trying to spend time to understand and provide information to various jurisdictions as they have discussions about the same.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Christine.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone from Deutsche Bank. Christina, you may proceed.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good morning.
Steve Mills: Good morning Christina.
Steve Mills: Just following on Christine's question, Pat, I would love to get your take on  I guess I am confused somewhat by California's low carbon fuel standard, and what's going on in some of the northeast states with adopting similar language and then including indirect land use. How does that  how does that reconcile with the fact that they do have a federal biofuels mandate. How do you meet the 15 million gallons if they're going to start restricting carbon and including indirect land use?
Pat Woertz: Well, I think it's a that kind of question is what one poses to the regulators and legislators, when you have discussions about the same. Now what California has adopted to see one of the things that we tend to talk about is the science is not quite right on indirect land use to have it so formally noted as far as a piece of legislation. So, there is discussions about what it really means, how you really calculated, what kind of production can fit into a low carbon environment, how a plant could qualify or not. All these are yet questions to both answer, and then how the specific jurisdictions work through. So, the optimism about the 15 billion gallons nationally is that if we had a general standard across the US, and not necessarily the individual jurisdictions that are sort of spending a little time on this subject.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then I guess further to that, Shell's agreement with Cosan that was announced yesterday, what do you think of that? It gives Shell the ability to distribute sugar-based ethanol in the US, which does, I believe, meet the low carbon fuel standard. Is that a threat to corn-based ethanol?
Steve Mills: We've always had the ability to import Brazilian ethanol in the United States. So, I don't think that potential joint venture changes anything at all, I mean in the United States just because they have the distribution. They are in the business to make sure they are making money. So, there are going to be buying the lowest cost ingredients they can.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, it makes sense, and then just a housekeeping issue. On 50 million gallons that you added indicator for ethanol, where did that grind come from. Did you pull it out of fructose?
Steve Mills: That just gives us more flexibility. It can be lysine, it can be fructose, it can be corn syrup. Any given two month period during the wintertime will tend to run, will just run more gallons and less fructose. So, it's not that simple of an answer. It's just one or the other.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then I guess last question John. Can we go back to oilseeds, I was a little confused by an earlier line of questioning. If we do get this large Brazilian and Argentine crop, you have a better alignment in global supply and demand in soybeans and soybean products. So, how does the global margin structure not come down, and then now that you have higher plants up in the US, wouldn't utilization, your utilization fall in the US and what does that mean for ADM as a whole given your geographic footprint?
John Rice: Yes, we should. As Steve mentioned in his remarks, we do expect utilization to fall in North America. That is not unusual during the summer months around the United States, but with the growing profitability, hogs [ph] are actually making a little bit of money on the spot basis right now. Poultry numbers being a little bit down, we do anticipate better crush margins this year than we do last year just because of the word economics and better demand.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, so down sequentially, but still up year-over-year for crush margin?
John Rice: Maybe [ph].
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then in terms of the biodiesel demand in Europe, that's very strong. Will we ship BE19 [ph] from the US and will product come from Argentina or will that be supplied by European vegetable oil?
Steve Mills: What tends to happen just because each government has their own rules and regulations, what well see is an increase in biodiesel demand in Europe. Our rape seed margin should be better. We will be importing the soybeans. Argentina will make up the difference there and then what  we will start shipping more vegetable oil for the food market out of the United States.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thank you.
Steve Mills: Welcome.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Christina.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets. Ken you may proceed.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everyone.
Steve Mills: Good morning Ken.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Just a quick housekeeping, the $34 million startup cost, is that total for the company or is that just for the ethanol?
Steve Mills: It's in the bioproducts group and that is the preponderance of the startup cost for the company. We have some other odds and ends in cocoa and others, but it covers ethanol, cogen, DHA, propylene, ethylene, glycol, like that, sugarcane.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: All right, but I knew you started out the cocoa as well. I just didnt know, but you're saying that's pretty modest?
Steve Mills: It's relatively modest. That's right. So, we only call this out because it's the only significant number.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Pat, you know, I think it is a setback you know, maybe you know, we only have crude measures as well in abacus and stuff like that, but we were coming to the idea that you're going to have a lot of cash. And it seems like if you have a lot of cash there is a lot of things that you're going to be able to do with it. Can you go through your priorities of how you're going to deploy the cash and to what extent that cash will be used for growth opportunities versus debt reduction and how you think about it?
Pat Woertz: Well, Ken as we've talked before, it's always a discussion. So, we have dividends, we have strategic growth opportunities. We certainly are finishing up our capital expenditures. We do have the opportunity for some debt reduction. We have as you know, some restrictions related to share buybacks because of our discussion with the rating agencies, but we continue those discussions with them. So, profitable growth remains the key priority because that's what we think will benefit our shareholders in the long term.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: But, I mean with the significant cash, I mean, is there a region, is there you know, how do you expect it to deploy. I mean, is there something in the near future or should we wait 12 months. I mean how do you think, how should we be thinking about the cash, because it does seem like a significant amount of cash is coming to you guys.
Pat Woertz: You know, one of the things that if the world was perfect you'd be able to kind of predict each quarter or when the opportunities would present themselves. We have a funnel as we've talked about before of opportunities, as far as where in the world we have priorities to grow is to continue to fill out our global footprint. So, staying within that value chain, but areas continued in South America, in Eastern and Central Europe, in Asia. We also have priorities to continue to diversify our feedstocks as you have seen you know, with getting into sugar, greater investment in palm and biomass as well as filling out that diversified product slate. So that is also a focus area for that investment growth, and it is the opportunities that present themselves when they do. So, it's not as if we can say it is going to happen largely this year or in you know, or next quarter, but it is our objective to continue to grow.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: In terms of ag services, it was $150 million, which to us was a seemingly a strong number, but you guys seemed a little bit more, you know, kind of pushback saying, hey it wasn't as great, and then you kind of laying out the opportunities that going forward, there may actually be more opportunities. Is that the interpretation you know, we should think about this $150 million for the quarter was not as good as you would have wanted and there was actually more opportunities. I thought this was, if I do a progression model going forward, the $150 million seems to be in line with your growing asset base. Is there something that I should be thinking about the next turn on your ag services should be another leg up.
Steve Mills: I'll start with this one. Ken, it's a good question. It's always interesting how one interprets what one hears. We were pleased with our quarter. Around here it was a challenging quarter for this division with the delayed late harvest, and I think we felt good about what we accomplished during the quarter. Every quarter as we reset and go, and based on the asset network we have and the opportunities that present themselves. So 
Pat Woertz: We have added assets though to your point, and whether they'd be in South America or ships et cetera, we do expect those assets to perform.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and then my last question is cocoa, you know, in relative numbers your other business did quite well. I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, I think you've been in the last couple of quarters a little bit cautious on the return to profitability or the growth in the profitability for cocoa. It sounds, and then if you listen to Barry Calibet [ph], they also seem to be saying that there has been a turning point there too. Is it fair to say that this business has begun to turn around and although demand could be relatively flat globally, at least that's what theyve said. Is there an improvement, just as weve hit bottom in ethanol or is this you know, two quarters in a row doesn't really make a trend.
Steve Mills: Two quarters in a row always doesn't make a trend, but weve seen cocoa prices drop 30% here in the last couple of weeks. We are seeing more demand come like it's still too early to say that's an increase in demand or people are just starting to fill their pipelines. We are running  we are seeing a little bit more positive signs, but it's just, it's really still tough to say. We still have overcapacity and demand is down a little bit.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport, and you may proceed.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Ann.
Steve Mills: Good morning Ann.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Just wanted to start with the potential for shipping ethanol from the US and to Brazil and the potential that tariff could be lifted. Any update on that?
Steve Mills: I don't have any update on. There is a little bit of ethanol moving around the world to different destinations, some to Europe, a little bit to India, maybe a little bit to Brazil, but you know, Brazil has a tariff on our ethanol coming, going down, going into Brazil plus they've reduced the blending from 25 to 20. So, those all are factors when the harvest comes in. So, I can't comment on the tariffs. (inaudible) is what I should say.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Okay, great. And then Pat, I was just wondering since you've been a significant participant in the World Economic Forum, any comments you can share with us or any comments on world economies or changes in strategy for ADM or anything you brought back that is additive to the outlook right now.
Pat Woertz: Well, one of the reasons I agreed to co-chair this year was to kind of add a spotlight to some of the issues around agriculture, particularly the need for investment and infrastructure around agriculture. You know, some of the discussions at the world economic forum is a combination of business, of governments, of NGOs, and trying to make the world a better place and if one of the wins or one of the ways that talking about the current economic conditions coming out of the recovery, so to speak, or coming out of the recession and a recovery is that in former recoveries, maybe investment in agriculture was left behind or agriculture was left behind. So, not to have investment in agriculture left behind in this recovery was one point, and then in the longer term to add some optimism about the ability of agriculture to meet the demand particularly by the middle of the century with more population on the earth, there's going to be higher demand for food, for feed, for fiber, industrial products, et cetera, and with productivity, with investment, in infrastructure with bringing on some new arable land sustainably, with reducing post harvest waste, all those things can contribute and create some optimism again around agriculture to be able to do that. So that was one of the areas that certainly relates to our business and the reason I was participating.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport & Company: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler from CSLA. Diane, you may proceed.
Diane Geissler  CSLA: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Diane.
Steve Mills: Hi, Diane.
Diane Geissler  CSLA: Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask could you remind me what your policy is regarding hedging behind your fructose business, now that you've got your prices locked in, corn prices are down. Normally we dont  normally, we see corn prices bottom around the time of the harvest. So, I guess I'm just trying to understand how that roll off in corn prices, how I should look at that from ADM's perspective?
Steve Mills: We generally run a hedge position at ADM, and we have specific limits throughout the company that we are constantly monitoring every day. That's the best way to answer that question.
Diane Geissler  CSLA: Okay, and then just a question, I mean, look I'm looking at what you posted for the first half of the year up 65, and what I like about it besides just the level of earnings is that, you didn't do it in a perfect environment, not everything worked your way. So, when I look at the back half of your fiscal year, you know, not everything is going to be perfect, but it's not going to be terrible either. I mean, is that  I mean, fructose pricing is down, but corn costs are down, you will probably see margins run off a little bit in oilseeds as you move to the South American harvest, export demand seems to be solid at that. Is that a logical conclusion that this is kind of like a new level of earnings for ADM, and we should get comfortable with thinking that that's replicable?
Steve Mills: That's a great question.
Pat Woertz: First of all, we liked your comment about, yes we liked our first half too, and we feel good about our business, but it's very difficult to talk about new levels of earnings. We certainly have had some new investments and our investments are starting to come on stream. So, a piece of that and an opportunity to think why one area is up, another is down and how we can perform in difficult environments as well as maybe more robust growing environments is a great observation. I think it's hard to, you know, you almost need to make sure the averager on your calculator is working as one goes from quarter to quarter, year to year because sometimes there'll be lumps in it.
Diane Geissler  CSLA: Okay, while I appreciate you don't give guidance but it's probably as far as you're going to go, right?
Steve Mills: I just think the only thing I'd add Diane is that you know, every point in time that you look ahead, you're looking at a certain opportunity that you know, you hope you're building your base and continue to prepare for the future and yes, you can take points in time and maybe see out there a little way. The problem is it gets a little less clear the farther out you go other than some of the, what we think are some of the certainties or givens that there is going to be more and more demand for what we do here at ADM over the long term.
Diane Geissler  CSLA: Okay, well, thank you for your commentary.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Diane.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz from Rafferty Capital Markets. Ian, you may proceed.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Hi good morning everyone.
Pat Woertz: Hi Ian.
Steve Mills: Hi Ian.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: A couple of quick questions, John. Can you tell me what your thought process was with you know, with Cedar Rapids has kind of moved up, you know, at least one quarter or maybe two quarters, you know, Columbus seems to expand it a little bit. You know, this used to be called a 275 and it's now a 300. First of all, should we expect Cedar Rapids also to go from 275 to 300, and just what gave you the signal to kind of go with this growth in ethanol especially pushing, bringing Cedar Rapids up as forward as you have?
John Rice: Well, as Pat had mentioned in her comments that with the EPA, and looking at the new blend rates, there is a possibility that that will change around June. We thought it made sense if we could start our plan sometime this summer. It would help with the increased demand for ethanol and when we are  so that's the reason why we are looking at trying to get Cedar Rapids up and going, and yes since these are the same plants, we expect Cedar Rapids to also be at 300 million gallons annual capacity and when we build our plants, we tend to be a little conservative. We said we expect, we wanted to be around 275 million gallons on an annual basis and when we got that plan up and going with our great construction crew and the engineers with the job they did, we found that this plant could run 300 million gallons a year. So, I think it's just on how we build and operate plants. It makes our plant more cost effective, also. So, I think it's just better opportunities what we saw and the timing of when we decided to bring up the plants.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Okay, so this also wasn't  this wasnt a CapEx investment to get this exercised [ph], this is just realizing optimization? And Pat with the recent  there was a question regarding the Royal Dutch Shell and Cosan event the other day. You know, can you talk a little bit more about, I mean, we've had some large sugar events in Brazil recently between Bell [ph] and Bunge. How does this color your timing or enthusiasm for continuing along in Brazilian sugar if at all?
Pat Woertz: Ian, it was a little hard to hear your question, so let me respond to what I think it was and if it isn't, let us know. I think we are still very interested in the diversification of our feedstocks and in sugar and in sugar in Brazil, and not only because it's for ethanol, but for the broad variety of products that we could bring as we do in our corn plants to be able to produce from cane. So, what we're learning in our, if you want to call our first effort here with our joint venture of these two plants, what we're really learning from building the plant from the ground up, not investing in either old or already established plants, but really building them with a partner from the ground up and we'll see where that goes. You're probably right that acquisitions as we have probably seen every plant in Brazil as far as sugar goes, you know, there are a lot of players that are interested. So, we'll see where that takes us, but I think we are comfortable in our investment and continue to be interested in growing that.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: So these two transactions really don't change here, the color of your strategy at all down there?
Pat Woertz: No. I mean any time someone announces something, you want to see how the thing plays out but, you know, we are still very interested.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Okay, and then one last question. John, with this March resurvey event, how does this change your approach in terms of hedging or you know cost containment, if at all?
John Rice: I'm sorry, the resurvey?
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: The resurvey, how does this change your approach to, you know, hedging or 
John Rice: With the USDA coming on?
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Yes, yes. right.
John Rice: It doesnt. We take all factors around the world, what the weather is like, what demand is like. So, the resurvey, I guess we're not looking at that. It's going to be any big huge surprise, and as I mentioned earlier we are still harvesting corn around Decatur, we have not seen yields go down as we go and harvest the corn. I mean, there can always be a little bit of surprise, but right now you're looking at 1.8 billion carryout in corn. So, even if they adjusted 100 million bushels or 200 million bushels here and there, we still have plenty of corn.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
John Rice: Welcome.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our next question comes from the line of Alec Patterson from RCM. Alec, you may proceed.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Yes, thank you. Pat, I sort of asking you a question Ken asked on capital decisions, and just want to get a sense that when you're looking at your various opportunities across debt reduction or M&A activity, capital spending programs and share repurchase activity, are they all held to the same return on capital standards or return on asset equity standards?
Pat Woertz: Well, I would say we look at the opportunity for profitable growth at even a higher standard, if I understand your question correctly, because it is going to be what investments we put, you know, sort of in the ground or on the  in the company for the long-term. So we want that strength and that opportunity to be there in perpetuity so to speak, where some of the other decisions you speak about are more of a fixed decision for that particular period in time. Steve, you want to fill?
Steve Mills: I think that's, I mean, we look at them all in context, and also in context of what's going on in the marketplace to the extent that you buy things back or you share some debt, and you have to evaluate the ability to get if you need capital, how easy it is to raise, and what the costs are. So it's, you know, sometimes it's an absolute, as Pat said, sometimes it's on a more relative basis to what's going on in the marketplace.
Alec Patterson - RCM: But, Steve and Pat, my impression is that you guys focus a great deal more on the numerator over return on capital analysis than you do on the denominator, and you know, the markets, the commodity markets, what have you, will serve to swing that return on capital equation around  without much focus on the denominator from you. So, I guess that's why I am just trying to get a sense that you are managing the return on capital outlook and the numerator part of that outlook with a sense of balance between the two, and that's what I am trying to get at.
Steve Mills: I'm listening, and I'm trying to absorb a lot of what you said because I look at it that we manage both the numerator and the denominator understanding that we have some points in time where the denominator gives some variability because of the marketplace, but it's what  we talk about it a lot internally. We want gross, but it's got to be with the returns that come with it and again knowing that we're going to have to average that over some periods of time because of some of the variability in the denominator, but I think, you know, I think that we were very thoughtful in that analysis and I think you know, maybe in the last year or so, you know, we haven't or even more than that, several years, we haven't jumped at acquisitions to, you know, to buy earnings. We continue to be very thoughtful and analytical to get the, you know, to get the right investments done at the right price, and there is, and you always have to factor the risk in it and again, where we're more comfortable and confident in the areas that we plan and how that compares to some of the new geographies and new things that we're looking at. So, it's a whole mix of things Alec that we look at, and we think, of course, it is going to be a little biased that we do a pretty good job at it.
Pat Woertz: I would add that you know, the denominator is equally important, and if you are only focused on the numerator, you'd again buy earnings or spend too much for acquisitions or run up certain aspects of the working capital of the places where we dont need to be. So, I'm comfortable we're doing both.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. Thanks very much.
Pat Woertz: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, we're showing no further questions available. Pat Woertz, you may proceed.
Pat Woertz: Okay. Well, thank you everyone for your time and I appreciate all the questions today. We did have a slide there, I think it is slide 17 that shows a couple of upcoming investor conferences, and we look forward to talking with you on the next call in May. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Dwight Grimestad - VP IR Pat Woertz - Chairman and CEO Steve Mills - EVP and CFO John Rice - EVP, Commercial and Production 
Analysts: Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Diane Geissler - CLSA Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland Company Q&A conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, [Merisel]. Good morning and welcome to ADMs first quarter Earnings Call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this presentation on our website adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two for the companys Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of the comments constitutes forward-looking statements that reflect managements current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, markets conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of governments. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide three lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today. And I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Dwight and good morning everyone. I will begin with safety first. During the first quarter we reduced our lost workday entry rate by 36%, and our total recordable incident rate by 7% compared to the full-year fiscal 2009. And we continue our program to implement values based safety at our facilities globally. Turning to our financial results, this morning we reported quarterly net earnings of 496 million or $0.77 per share. I believe the ADM team executed well delivering strong sequential earnings growth. Earnings were significantly better than the second half of fiscal 2009. And as we said during our last call, we did see overall operating conditions in the quarter improving. Declines in demand for food, feed and fuel seem to be bottoming. And in this environment our team executed well capturing and maximizing opportunities. Now our segment results were mixed compared to last years first quarter, which as you will recall was ADMs best quarter ever and Steve will report on those results in just a moment. So let me turn to strategy. Since our last call we have executed on our growth strategy. In July we began operations at our new Cocoa processing facility in Kumasi, Ghana. This facility will improve our access to a key growing region in West Africa. We have taken delivery of five ocean going vessels, enhancing our flexibility and efficiency by adding 250,000 metric ton of cargo capacity to our transportation network. We acquired an oilseeds processing plant in Olomouc in the Czech Republic. This will improve our access to the central European market and expand our origination footprint. Just this week we began production at our new Columbus, Nebraska ethanol plant. This plants scale and integration with the companys existing infrastructure gives at a cost efficient position as the industry meets the increased 2010 ethanol mandate. Our Clinton, Iowa cogeneration facility is up and running, it provides cost effective process team and electricity to our facility there. In Brazil we began production at our first sugarcane ethanol plant, creating capacity to meet the growing Brazilian demand for renewable fuel. We completed repairs and brought back online our Galveston grain export terminal that was damaged last year by Hurricane Ike. And we reorganized our commercial and production group in their core clearly defined business units and we named new presidents to lead these units. As we advanced our growth strategy you can see we are using our financial strength to build shareholder value. Looking ahead well talk in a moment about each segment and we do see demand improving in some key markets and I truly believe we have the assets and acumen to capture value as the global economy resets. Now Ill hand the call over to the Steve.
Steve Mills: Thanks, Pat and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide five, slide five reflects our financial highlights for this quarter. Segment operating profit was 774 million, compared to just under 1.2 billion a year ago. And we'll discuss in more detail in a moment those results on a segment-by-segment basis. Quarterly net earnings and earnings per share decreased 53% and 52% respectively from last year's record levels, due to lower segment operating profits and to reduce LIFO credits. Our tax rate for the quarter was up just slightly from last year's first quarter rate with no unusual items. And as you can see from the waterfall chart, we didn't have any notable items this quarter other than LIFO, which had a 47 million or $0.07 after tax favorable impact on earnings and EPS. I also want to call your attention to the fact that we've had to restate our prior period financials due to the adoption of a couple of new accounting rules. The first change relates to how we account for the convertible debt securities we issued back in 2007. Under this new guidance these securities need to be bifurcated into a debt component and an equity component. Each of those have a different accounting treatment. The restatement resulted in a decrease in long-term debt and increase in shareholders equity on the balance sheet, and we've had to book additional interest expense through the income statement going back to the inception of the debt. And the other much less significant change for us deals with the introduction of a different presentation format, that involves less than wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries, which are now referred to as non-controlling interest and have to be broken out separate in the financial statement. A little more information these changes were fully described in note 1 of our last 10-K and will be described in this quarter's 10-Q. Turning to slide six, we show the summary of our operating profit by segment, detailing the changes in operating profit for the quarter. Let's turn straight to slide seven to begin a review of each individual segment in more detail, starting with Oilseeds Processing. After an exceptionally first quarter a year ago operating profits this quarter were $284 million on comparatively lower margins and volumes, but still a very good quarter. Last year, we benefited from unusual basis opportunities that have not repeated themselves. Crushing and origination results declined to 135 million for the quarter due to lower volumes and margins and to weaker fertilizer results in South America. As you will see from the volume information in our appendix, we decreased our overall oilseed processing volumes by about 9%, as we balance production levels across regions and crops. Decreases in north and south American crush rates were a result of tight soybean availability and weaker year-over-year demand. This decrease was partially offset by increased crush in Europe, mainly due to the acquisition of the Straubing, Germany plant a year ago August. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results decreased 36 million to 70 million for the quarter due principally to lower sales volumes in North America and reduced biodiesel margins in both in both Europe and South America. The oilseeds results in Asia rose 14 million to 79 million for the quarter as the results of our equity investees, Wilmar International Limited, continued to be strong. Looking at the Crop, this fall's US soybean harvest is underway, and even though this harvest is late it will improve the globally tight soybean supply that resulted from the smaller soybean harvest in South America. The USDA's October report showed that farmers planted 77.5 million acres of soybeans, up from 75.7 million acres last year. The USDA is projecting yields of 42.4 bushels an acre, and a 3.25 billion bushel crop which would ease the tight soybean supply situation. South American soybean planting is going well as farmers have had had good planting conditions. The USDA is projecting a 123.6 million metric ton soybean crop for South America, up from the 95.4 million metric tons in '08, '09. Again, this large crop would provide a sufficient supply for all needs. As we look at oilseed processing market conditions, we found that our meat protein customers have been cautious buyers. Global protein meal demand is steady. For the crop year '08, '09 industry sources reported a global decline in protein meal consumption of roughly 2%; for the crop year '09, 10 industry sources project anywhere from a zero to 3% growth in global protein meal consumption. And this underscores the uncertainty around forward demand. And to put these projections in context the historical protein meal growth has been in the 4% to 5% range. Vegetable oil inventories have declined from high levels due to reduced oil seed crush rates, increased export demand and increasing biodiesel demand in Europe and South America. Crop prices are down from their highs, but with the current tight supply situation and the challenging US harvest, the potential for price volatility remains. Moving to Corn Processing on slide eight, for the quarter, corn processing results rose $70 million to $188 million, due principally to the impact of lower net corn costs. Improvements in manufacturing costs, due to lower energy and chemical costs also helped to improve results. Sweeteners and starches operating profits increased 129 million over the prior year to 194 million. Principally due to the lower net corn and manufacturing costs and we benefited from higher year-over-year average selling prices. Bioproducts decreased 59 million for the quarter resulting in a small loss. Ethanol spot margins turned positive in the quarter and remain positive. Bioproducts results were negatively impacted in the quarter by low lysine selling prices and by the start-up costs related to our industrial chemicals and sugar businesses. Looking at the corn crop, the USDA October report showed that farmers had planted 86.4 million acres of corn in 2009, up slightly from the 86 million acres in 2008. And the USDA is projecting a record yield of 164.2 bushels an acre, resulting in a projected 13 billion bushel crop, up from 12.1 billion bushels last year. This would provide an ample supply of corn to meet all needs including the corn needed to meet the higher 2010 RFS requirements. If we look at current market conditions, ethanol spot prices are currently close to unleaded gasoline levels, and with the $0.45 per gallon tax credit the blender currently has an incentive to buy additional gallons. In the quarter ethanol pricing was such that the blenders had an incentive of range of $0.30 to $0.60 a gallon to blend additional ethanol gallons. So clearly with this attractive ethanol pricing we are seeing some discretionary blending above the levels required by the RFF. Industry current has positive profit margins in ethanol. As Pat mentioned this week we started up production at our new Columbus dry milling. Lysine demand has improved, driven by the increasing use of DDGs and feed. Lysine pricing is also improving. And we are seeing increased volumes of HFCF sales to Mexico. Let's now turn to slide nine and review the operating performance of our agriculture service business segment. After last year's record first quarter results, Ag services results decreased this quarter to 175 million. During last year's first quarter we saw excellent volume and margin opportunities arising from the volatile commodity markets and the tight credit markets. Relative to the market opportunities we had a year ago and the ones that we had this year, we are pleased with Ag services performance coming into a challenging US harvest period. Merchandising results were lower than the year-ago quarter, as the late harvest reduced volume and the weaker global economy reduced demand for commodities. Operating earnings from our transportation operations declined due to lower barge freight rates and decreased utilization levels. As we look at the current market conditions, the US is harvesting a very large crop of corn and soybean. But due to late plantings, a cool growing season, and extremely wet fall weather, the harvest will come in over an extended period of time. However, crops will be coming in with higher moisture levels which should benefit our drying and handling operations. The US domestic demand is stable, and US export demand is picking up as we go into this North American harvest while South America has a limited supply of soybean until they harvest their new crop. Slide 10. Slide 10 is an operating profit analysis of our other segment. This segment reported an overall profit of $127 million this quarter, basically unchanged from last year's first quarter. As we look a little deeper, other processing had had higher results due principally to improved wheat milling margins and increased earnings from our equity investee, Gruma S.A.B. de C.V. This improved margins were partially offset by decreased cocoa processing margins and volumes as that business struggles with record raw material prices and depressed demand. Last year's results also included a gain related to the disposal of our malt business in July of '08. Other financial results increased three million due to improved captive insurance earnings, partially offset by weaker ADM investor services results, which are negatively impacted by the low short-term interest rate environment. Crop update on wheat and cocoa, world wheat production reached a record 682.3 million metric tons last year, which was followed by 668.1 million metric ton crop in the current year. Wheat stocks have increased from 166 million metric tons to 187 million metric tons with this harvest and there's an ample global supply of wheat. We are seeing steady demand for wheat and wheat flour and there's a good supply of wheat globally. Wheat protein levels are lower and there are some regional quality wishes the US wheat crop, but we're confident that the ADM network can deliver quality product to our customers. Demand remains weak in cocoa. Plants are running at reduced production rates industry wide. The cocoa bean crop is similar in size to last year but with the reduced demand appears to be sufficient. Turning to slide 11. Slide 11, looks at the major components of our corporate line. Market prices for our LIFO-based inventories declined overall from June 30 levels resulting in a decrease in our LIFO inventory reserves of 76 million compared to a 453 million decrease in last years first quarter. Our corporate net investment expense increased 16 million principally reflecting lower interest income due to most lower short-term rates and the lower working capital requirements of the operating segments. Corporate costs and other improved 26 million due principally to a reduction in employee related costs and provisions for doubtful accounts. Slide 12, moves us away from the operating segment view to the financial statement format. Net sales and other operating income decreased 29% this quarter to 14.9 billion. And as you would expect over 90% of this decrease is attributable to lower average selling prices inline with the drop and underlying commodity costs. There were no material changes in overall sales quantities. The gross profit decrease for the quarter principally reflects the decreased segment operating profit that we just discussed and the smaller year-over-year LIFO credit. Our SG&A expenses decreased 13% quarter-to-quarter again primarily due to lower personnel related expenses and reduced provisions for doubtful accounts. And our other income increased 70 million quarter-over-quarter and this change was due mainly to improved equity earnings of affiliates and reduced net interest expense. Turning to slide 13, which has our selected balance sheet highlights. When we compare items from our September 30, balance sheet with the June 30, year end balance sheet we found that items have not changed significantly in the quarter. Both these balance sheets by the way have been restated to show the impacts of adopting the new accounting rules that I mentioned earlier. Other than that, cash and cash equivalents has increased by 1.2 billion as receivables and inventories have decreased by about 9% due principally to lower commodity price levels. Our net property, plant and equipment has continued to increase representing the ongoing build out of our capital projects, particularly the major seven we've been working on for the last couple of years. And we continue to have no commercial paper outstanding. ---other than net cash and cash equivalents has increased by $1.2 billion as receivables and inventory have decreased by about 9% due principally to lower commodity price levels. Our net profit plant and equipment has continued to increase, representing the on-going build out of our capital projects, particularly, the major seven weve been working on for the last couple of years. And we continue to have no commercial pay for outstanding. Turning to our cash flow statement on slide 14, youll see the cash generated from operations before the impact of changes in working capital was $730 million similar to last years first quarter. Cash flows from changes in working capital were positive $1.3 billion, again due to the continued price related decreases in inventories and receivables. And our CapEx, spending level was about $500 million rather in line with last years spend. Were very pleased with our financial position today as we look ahead to both strategic opportunities and an upturn in the global economic condition. And as weve highlighted on past calls, we are focused on maintaining our strong balance sheet and staying financially flexible. Turning to slide 15, slide 15 provides an update of our current financial performance using return on equity and return on net assets. Again, these figures have also been adjusted for the adoption of the new accounting rules and as usual they exclude any impact from the changes in LIFO. On a rolling four-quarter average, RONA has decreased to 7.4% and ROE has fallen to 8.1%, certainly below our historical long-term averages. And as you can see from the chart, the four-quarter rolling metrics are down substantially due to the difficult last half that we saw of fiscal 2009, when earnings were adversely impacted by the global economic downturn and a weaker demand. The quarter-to-quarter earnings volatility will lead to RONA and ROE volatility this year as these high and low quarters roll out of the four-quarter average. And as you look at the underlying net asset base, our working capital shown as the blue part of the bar on the chart is down as commodity prices have continued to moderate while the fixed asset base is rising slightly in line with the expenditures on our major capital projects. At this time I will turn the call back over to Pat, and we'll be glad had had to take your questions.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Steve. John Rice will join Steve and I for the Q &A. So operator you can open the line for questions, please.
Operator: (Operator Instruction). Our first question comes from the line of Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: You called out this delayed harvest as obviously a big factor in your results this quarter, clearly it's still coming out of the ground slowly, and I think you mentioned it could take a couple months here before we get it all out of the ground. A couple of questions. First, do you expect to see kind of similar results in terms of volumes has been through your next quarter, and then secondly, we've kind of heard of some spot shortages of corn, guys running out of corn? Could you fill in and actually see a benefit from having some corn in storage?
Steve Mills:  Well, Christine, I think we didn't talk much about the impact of the delayed harvest on this particular quarter. It always makes some difference, as we roll from old crop to new crop. And we are also interested in how the harvest is going to unfold. Were glad to see sunny whether here in the Midwest here this week. I think John has a couple of comments about  I think John has a couple of comments about the corn situation and the impact of the harvest.
John Rice: Well, the overall volumes, Christine is, we expect to have actually better volumes this year than last year, just because we have larger crops. We're seeing very good export demand on the soybean side of the business. Corn is a little bit slower than what we anticipated, but there's cheaper corn in other places around the world, but we do expect our export assets to run close to capacity this year. In terms of corn shortage and spot shortages, certain areas we've seen that. We've had that. Just because we've had so much rain. Here in Decatur I think we've had over 10 inches of rain in the month of October. So we haven't been able to get the corn out. But with our network we've been able to move corn from one area to the other area without having any real concerns. But now we have a dry forecast and hopefully farmers will get back in the field and actually we saw them in the fields yesterday.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right, so you haven't been able to get any real benefit or arbitrage benefit just from having availability of corn in the current situation?
John Rice: We've been arbitraging from one area to the other part of the country right now, but I will not call it a benefit until we really get more of the harvest going.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And just one quick question then on the quality of the crop, given the moisture levels. We heard it might affect the starch content. Can you talk about how that might effect your processing business and whether or not it's a benefit or a negative?
John Rice: We are seeing more damaged corn coming in, higher screenings also. The actual starch content has a little bit of variance, but we haven't seen any difference between this year's variance and last year's variance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Maybe we could talk a little bit about sweetener contracts for next year and just sort of where your expectations are there in terms of operating profit per unit. It seems like prices are likely to go down year-over-year, but can you give us any sense of how those talks are proceeding, how industrial demand is picking up. I noticed that you mentioned that volume to Mexico was up, but when you look at the totality of demand, how are things shaping up?
John Rice: We are seeing reduced demand, but due to high sugar prices here in the United States and also in Mexico we are seeing more interest in people switching out of sugar, putting more fructose in with their sugar blends. And like I mentioned we are seeing the increased demand to Mexico, and hopefully that will offset the reduction in demand we're seeing here in the United States. Contracting is we're over 50% done currently for this year, but it's still too early to say anything about the pricing or how we are going to seeing how, 2010 will come on until our February call.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But you're not concerned about (inaudible) you are not concerned about incremental costs from lower starch or conversion rates at this point, is that right?
John Rice: No, we're not.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: You are not. Okay, and then maybe one other question, which is the when you talked about the soy crop and how your business performed in the quarter. It seems like there's going to be a big crop coming out of the US and ultimately a big crop coming out of South America. But the discussion from protein meal demand, it sounds like supply is going to grow in excess of demand. And so to me that means your utilizations go up but probably crush margins go down and so that's probably not a net benefit for you. Am I think about that correctly?
John Rice: I think it's a timing issue. I think until the south American crop is harvested and we fill the pipe line and the plant from South America can come on to capacity, the potential for that to happen is there, yes. But I think between now and whenever the crop comes on, you call it March, April, I think the crush margins in the United States and Europe could be (inaudible).
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research. Please proceed.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: I wanted to ask a question myself about the Ag services outlook. So the US corn and soy crop are very late as you have mentioned but numerically corn according to the USDA from their report yesterday is 25% harvested versus 71%, normally soy 51% harvested versus 87% normally. I would assume that your storage and transport operations are hurt by these events as you normally would be generating large storage revenues. So first, is this correct? And then secondly, can you just give us a bit more color on how one should think about agricultural services for the December. So just the next three months?
Steve Mills: Ill start David and pass it on to John. Were going to handle a large crop. Well start with that. Timing is a question. We know here that the US farmer can move through the crops pretty quickly once they get into the fields and get that get that crop out of the ground. The opportunities mix changes when you have had this kind of situation and its more about timing and I think John wants to chime in here a little bit about that.
John Rice:  No. I agree. Well have to fill the pipeline it will take us a little bit longer to fill the pipeline. We will not probably put as much corn on the ground this year we have in previous years. But the seeds point, its all timing when we handle the crop we feel we are still going to handle more bushels than last year. The transportation system, we have not been running to capacity like we did when you have a quick harvest, but we still see the potential for thats to have a pretty good year also.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: John, would you agree then that timing of how the profits coming or likely differences go around. Whereas the December quarter is lower because you just didnt bring crop in October like it normally would have even today, its still way behind schedule. So, yes, were going to harvest it but the revenues from that will show up on delayed basis, i.e. they will show up more into calendar Q1 of next year. Is that more or less the right way to think about this?
John Rice: I don't know if I totally agree with that, just because there's so many different variables that can come into play. If the crop does get harvested and we have a fairly quick harvest here to end the crop or to end the harvest, we will have some more basis opportunities. What we're seeing this year is maybe more drying income and less basis opportunities, just because we're not able to buy and accumulate much of the crop. It's hard to say, but we are seeing good export demand on the soybean side. But we're exporting little bit of wheat, were exporting wheat out of Europe also. So it's a little hard to say, I guess, David, but I can't argue with your thinking.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: One final question on this is just the idea that with such a late harvest, you really don't have great historical precedent for where we are right now. I am concerned that we actually see yield degradation because of the lateness and because of the moisture levels there's like two separate issues here going on, soy with the moisture and corn with the lateness of the harvest and maturity problem. Would you generally agree here that the bias for prices, and this goes to your LIFO accounting, the bias for prices is up, just given this odd situation with the lateness of harvest?
John Rice: No, we have so many factors. South American crop, we have great weather conditions right now, plantings are going very well. So I think the market will start focusing on how the South American weather is, as opposed to the US. And right now the weather forecast looks very good that we'll harvest the crop and still have very good volumes.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Great.
Pat Woertz: I would also mention that we've added additional drawing capacity preparing for this crop at eight different locations so that should also help from the moisture perspective.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Yes. I have no concept of significant that revenue stream could be. Youve called it out a number of times so am I might right in assuming that this is a material number on drawing revenues?
Pat Woertz: I might not use the word material but its significant to the network being able to operate and cross operate so to speak at different locations.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Okay.
John Rice: [Then what] will help us David is we maybe handle more volume just because weve increased our drawing capacity so we maybe able to bring in more corn where the elevator down the road may not be able to handle it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey over the last three years ADM has spent somewhere more than $4 billion in CapEx and PP&E has kind of going up by about 2.5 billion almost $2.4 billion. Can you talk about your return expectations and what is a timing of this, because this seems to be something, with all the spending coming down the pike are we going to start to see the power of earnings a little bit better. I know if I want talk about the near-term crop, can we talk about a little bit further out and how your return investments are going?
Steve Mills: Thats a great question, Ken and the timing of your question is excellent, because the majority of that capital spending is on the cost of coming on line. As Pat mentioned the Clinton Co-Gen has started up and the Columbus ethanol and Co-Gen are just getting started and the other big plants are coming here over the next six-month period, I think expect for Cedar Rapids, which youve gotten little further outlined. So I think the question of turning this pre-productive capital into the returns that we expect is right here now and were expecting to start seeing those benefits in a very short-term especially as we look at positive margins in a variety of these areas.
Pat Woertz: And I might add to that too that once all the sort of big seven get up and running we thought we do a look back so to speak for you as well. So you can actually be able to see the earnings trail as well as potentially some of the returns associated with that and they all wont be in place for another year and running consistently. But I think that those are good questions and over the long-term we should be able to see this capital investment perform for us.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Let me just kind of make sure I understand this. So the majority of the returns you have not realized in your numbers yet?
Pat Woertz: That's right. They're just, in fact there's plants starting up this week, as we said.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  And then is it fair to say that calendar 10 you would start to see some returns on and again not fiscal, but calendar 10, you should start to see some returns, hopefully closer to your historical rate on this investment? Is that a fair thought?
Pat Woertz: I think there is two points there, Ken. One is we are getting these plants started up, which almost by definition they're significant, theyre big plants, they take a little time to get up and running. I think on the bigger question of what those returns will show, it somewhat is going to be dependent on the market conditions, and we think that these assets will get the returns over a period of time. We're going to have to see what the market conditions are when we get them as and when they get turned on as we move through the calendar here. I think the other point I wanted to make was we have, as always we've been spending some money all along and those returns get put into the mix, but as we've said, the major projects are on their way.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. The second question I have, or probably the third question, I guess if you adding up properly. The other business, wheat, can you talk about, is this -- not like unlike your other business, but this happens to be very volatile as well. Is there a steady state that we've reached, or is this something that next quarter could be back down to what we had last quarter? Is there something thats structurally improved? Is there something that we should be using like this type of quarterly number going forward? Can you give us a little color on actually what happened?
John Rice:  Oh we just went through harvest in wheat, and this year we are seeing a little bit lower protein, so our transportation system will have to move wheat from different parts of the country to (inaudible) the quality. So we are seeing steady demand in the last two years I would say in wheat in the flour business. So I guess?
Steve Mills: I think we had the other piece of that is cocoa, theres two other pieces I guess. One, we've had Gruma in the mix there. Of course, we've had the issues with Gruma's derivative losses over the last year. It was encouraging to see a better result this quarter as we have again stated about Gruma. Their underlying businesses has been performing well. The other large component to other is cocoa processing, and cocoa at this point in time is in the midst of some relatively difficult conditions. Demand is down, especially on the chocolate side, as both high cocoa prices and high sugar prices has impacted that side of thing. So it's, like our other businesses, Ken, it's hard to tell where things are going, but as John pointed out that the wheat milling has been pretty consistent here as of like, cocoa has probably a little more -- we need conditions to improve there and then Gruma has bottomed out from the derivative losses, and we're back to something normal.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Is any or part of the business is getting worse? 
Steve Mills: That's I guess my question. I don't think it's getting worse. But again, that's kind of the nature of the business especially I said especially that I don't want to oversell the fact that the cocoa demand is down, and that it's having a little more difficulty in that marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: John, you talked about before pretty high capacity utilization in oil seeds in North America, because of the tightness in South America, and I'm wondering, we're hearing reports about basically the soybean meal kind of getting stuck in facilities because it's so wet. Is that slowing things down? Does that alter the quality and the moisture content of the crop? Does that alter your view about high levels of utilization?
John Rice: No. I guess I haven't heard that myself. But when you process, even if the beans come in wet, through the (inaudible) through the dryings the DTDC you will end up taking the meal moisture down to whatever is in the specification. So just because you have a wet crop doesn't that fairly mean the products coming out will be any wetter.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So utilization levels still should be as high as you were talking about before?
John Rice: I think utilization levels, we're seeing very good export interest on protein demand right now, and I think as long as the South American Argentine crush is lower than expectations, I think the US will to have run at a higher capacity just to offset the deficit in South America.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. And then in terms of bioproducts, the loss in the quarter, you mentioned industrial chemicals start-up costs and sugar business. I'm curious are those startup costs done, or do they spill into the fiscal second quarter? And is the industrial chemical business is that PHA or is that ethylene glycol? Can you just give more information about that?
John Rice: I think the answer to all those questions was yes. I will try to repeat them. The industrial chemical business is in start-up mode. We believe the factories are producing products here in the first calendar quarter of the New Year right as we move over into calendar '10. So probably in ethylene glycol, I think PHA is that same timeframe. So that's the industrial chemical side. Sugar is just getting started as we speak, and it's going to -- it takes awhile to get that ramped up as well. So we expect those to take a bit of time to get flushed out.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: So will start-up costs then spill over into this basically second quarter? I mean, are we
John Rice: Yes.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: what we see what ethanols, you said ethanol margins are positive and will we be able to see that, or will they be masked by the start-up costs again?
John Rice: Well, we'll have to see. We're encouraged by where ethanol margins have gone, and we'll just to have see where they end up.
Steve Mills: Christina, one thing I just want to remind everybody, we do charge our ethanol division in our bioproducts division, a up-charge for their corn or (inaudible) that they use.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I guess just last question, Steve, it looks like Wilmar pulled the Chinese IPO. So can you talk about what that means for ADM in terms of cash flow and anything else?
Steve Mills: You're right, they pulled their IPO. And it's not going to have any impact to our cash flows at all. And Wilmar, I guess I would ask you to look at Wilmar's comments on that, but it has no impact on our cash flows here.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: What is their tax implications associated with monetizing that, or is that different?
Steve Mills: Its different; it's a different issue that tax issue relates to ADM's ownership of Wilmar's shares and the reorganization of that ownership. So it's different than Wilmar's Chinese IPO.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler from CLSA. Please proceed.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: I'm glad you brought up basis. I mean you brought it up twice with regard to the oilseed results year-over-year, and then with regard to the just the crop in general. Could you talk a, I mean I just sort of have this picture of the crop, we get a dry spell, the crop kind of comes in all at once. You have the capacity to handle it more of it than, say, the elevator down the road as you termed it. What should we be looking for in terms of basis potential in the December quarter?
John Rice: That's a good question. It's hard to say just because of how the crop has been harvested. The US had a very good book of soybeans starting in September shipments out of the United States. So we are a little bit behind. So I don't know if we'll ever see that real harvest pressure that we usually saw in the past years. But the basis levels could actually just be higher this year as opposed to normal years which still gives us some ability on the basis. But right now it's just a little bit hard to say, is just because of the way harvest isnt coming.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay, anything particular to corn?
John Rice: Corn is the same way. We have spot areas in the country like I mentioned here in Decatur, where we've had a lot of rain. We've had to ship in corn from other places. Then you get out to Nebraska and harvest has come on very well. But with our transportation network, it really helps us in logistics and we're able to handle these markets a lot better.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: I appreciate the commentary. And then on the fructose pricing, you mentioned you were about 50% done on contracts for next year. Can you remind us where you were this time last year?
John Rice: I can't, because I can't remember. I am sorry.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Neither can I, which is why I asked.
Steve Mills: I guess none of us sitting here can specifically
Pat Woertz: We'll have to look back on that one for you, Diane.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: I guess, what's behind that question is, do you think that certain manufacturers are holding back waiting to see what happens with the crop I mean thats always a game between what price do you give me versus, can I buy it myself and have you told it, and I play the numbers game internal. So I guess how does those lateness of the crop [cuts] dynamic within the discussions?
John Rice: Well, when we saw corn down in the low $3, we saw more interest. When corn rallied up to four, people started to sit back and not have as much interest in booking next year and corn fell back to the 350. So I think it's more of a price issue, and how it is and how they actually see the crop coming.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay. And how does demand relate to that? Because obviously the carbonated soft drinks, demand has been down there. Is it just a waiting game? They wait until the absolute last moment to contract?
John Rice: I guess I don't know how to answer that. Just because each customer is different and what they're looking at, what they have budgeted. What they're looking for next years demand. So I think each company is different. So I guess I don't know what else to say.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay. Fair enough. And then I guess maybe for Pat, just to piggyback on Ken's CapEx questions. You're going to finish your projects this year, and then you're going to have an incredible amount of cash flow, that just kind of you're going to be throwing off cash if the project start returning the way they should be returning. What is your strategic, what are you going to do with that?
Pat Woertz: It's about growth and earnings growth, Diane. So we will continue to look at opportunities to fill in our global footprint, as we've talked about adding to that global footprint which we've done incrementally here, but we continue to believe that growth in this business and adding to ADM's network is critically important for the shareholder to get that value, and so we will continue to look for profitable growth.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay. Is that fair to assume that you're not going to have seven large projects going on simultaneously?
Pat Woertz: You know, I think that's not only fair, but there is always the opportunity of build versus buy, and incrementally adding to your capacity where it makes sense to do, so but I think we've done our major big seven here, and I don't think you'd find that necessarily in the future, but you could find some opportunities for sizable growth.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Can I just clarify, you said that the start-up costs in industrial chemicals and sugar impacted your bioproducts profits on the quarter. Is that true?
Steve Mills:  That's true.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Okay. And that's because of this charge-back on glycol or starch, or whatever it is in bioproducts?
Steve Mills: No. That's two different subjects. We have start-up costs on the industrial chemicals and the sugar. The
Pat Woertz: Two different projects.
Steve Mills: These are new projects. The comment that John made regarding the up-charge is that the sweeteners and starch group is where we begin most all of the grind for the corn division, and we sell the dextrose over to the bioproducts group and the various products in there with an up charge. So you look at the whole corn processing P&L it's not an impact but sweeteners and starches are going to benefit for the dextrose its used by the products made in the bioproducts group including ethanol?
Pat Woertz: So just for clarity again, we'll repeat. Two of those major seven projects are industrial chemicals projects, the PHA plants and the propylene ethylene glycol plant, so it's start-up on those two plants that Steve referred to that are in the bioproducts segment.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Okay, so the Columbus in Nebraska start-up was not one of those that you mentioned. So no incremental start-up cost there?
Pat Woertz: Oh, yeah, it has well but of course, that's an ethanol plant which I think is not considered industrial chemicals, but it of course thats an industrial plant and there were start-up costs for that plant in that segment this quarter as well, yes.
John Rice:  Thats a good point.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, so that was the third element. The reason I ask you is that I was a little surprised to see that the number as a negative in the quarter Valero reported positive profits in the quarter about $0.20 a gallon in dry milling ethanol, and I always considered ADM to have a cost advantage and a logistics advantage to other ethanol procedures. I know the spot margins didn't look that great in the quarter, and they are getting better, but can you give us a little more evidence that in future quarters that your margins in ethanol should be better than your competition, like a Valero, especially since you are in wet milling too. I always thought wet milling is just structurally higher in margins?
John Rice: The ethanol business is profitable. It's just the transfer pricing on how that gets accounted, which makes it a little difficult for us to be able to show what the profitability, I guess Steve its
Steve Mills: Well, and I think to John's point there's a couple things once the other products that we do run through bioproducts, including lysine and these other products as John pointed out its not always going to be apple-on-apples with our competitors, because of the transfer pricing between sweeteners and starches and ethanol. It's safe to say that ethanol on the ongoing business for us during the quarter was profitable.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. So is this just -- I thought actually that going forward because your hedges had kind of rolled over that spot margins in ethanol would be a better reflection of how you're doing in the ethanol business. But it sounds like this transfer pricing is always going to be an issue. Under what conditions should we think that transfer pricing might actually be a positive to your bioproducts division compared to others, or will it ever be?
Steve Mills: It would never be under this context, because the way we count for that is if there is a mark-up on the dextrose that comes from sweeteners and starches. It doesn't have anything to do necessarily with the corn; it's for the manufacturing cost to produce dextrose.
John Rice: And it's sold over at market price.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. So your advice to us is look at the spot margin, certainly directionally, but don't take it as gospel for what you're going to be able to report?
Steve Mills: And they we're consistent on how we handled internally, so as we trend that will appear in our results.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just lastly, if I could hit on David Driscoll's point about the possibility of revenue getting pushed out in the Agricultural Services division. It just seems intuitively that if we have a later crop that means revenues come in later as well, and profits come in later as well. So I thought the quarter in Ag services was very, very good in terms of profits. And but why shouldn't we expect profits to continue to rise and momentum to continue to rise there since it's a later crop?
Steve Mills: No, I think handling the logical answer to that is that the later it comes in, the more push-back the handling part of that particular commodity will happen. We're trading commodities each and everyday, and that's going to have an impact on that P&L as well as we trade around the asset base that we have. So as we said, there's a lot of moving parts in Ag services, and
Pat Woertz: But I might build on that, Rob. This is exactly what we do for a living. We deal with this everyday, every quarter, and if it takes a couple quarters to get a crop in, it does so. Its what we do. It's what the, so to speak the good people of ADM do everyday. And I think Ag Services is always one of those areas that's hard to talk about typical, and I know that can be difficult for you, but it's what we do.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Are you doing a good job?
John Rice: One thing I would like to add is, this also has to do with when we actually sell the crop. So if we're buying it later, even though we may not sell it until March, we won't realize that revenue until March.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Well, it seems like you're doing a good job of it in the quarter. I'm going to assume that you keep doing a good job on it. So congrats on the quarter, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz from Rafferty Capital. Please proceed.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: Just a quick question of sort of Robs question. John, when do we get to the point where the farmers kind of hold back on the harvest or unable to harvest and really delay harvest into the kind of the calendar first quarter?
John Rice: If we keep getting a lot more rain that can keep the farmers out of the field, snow. However, right now, just looking at the forecast, it's kind of amazing how quickly the farmers get the crop out of the field. Like I said, they started here yesterday, and if they take it into December and January, but we did that last year up in North Dakota. We saw snow in the fields and they ended up harvesting some corn in March. So, I don't know if it ever gets to the point where we don't take the crop out of the field.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: We're not at the give-up point yet in terms of a fall harvest?
John Rice: No. Not at all.
Steve Mills: We haven't seen conditions like this in a long, long time. The other piece with the wet crop that we're having here, it is going to need to be dried, and it probably gives the farmer less flexibility on farm storage and other. So, there's going to be incentives for them to get in and get it moved.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: Then, Diane and Ken both asked about expanding the footprint with the cash flow. Pat, are you looking at specific business lines, or any holes where you would like to focus more than others? The recent transactions have kind of been all over the map, both in terms of business lines as well as geographies. Is there some way that we should be focusing on going forward?
Pat Woertz: It's a good question. We've talked about Eastern Europe being a set of geography that we continue to have desire to grow and I think two of our acquisitions there in both the Czech Republic and Southeastern Germany have helped with that footprint as well. Certainly, South America as many of our discussions have related to both Paraguay, Brazil building out some of both our origination and additional processing and our biofuels business there, and adding to our biodiesel business with sugar ethanol. So, South America remains a geography that has continued promise for growth. Then overall global network, so to speak, our transportation network, even our addition of capacity of owned ocean going vessels at the right prices and so forth add for an efficiency aspect to our business that will continue to be global there.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: Do you expect the PHA facility to be commercial in calendar first quarter? Did I hear that right?
John Rice: We are testing the equipment as we speak now, and we plan to have the fermentation running late part of December, and finishing part of the plant probably first part of January.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: Then the product moving out when?
John Rice: Hopefully by the middle or end of January there.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: One last question and I'll kind of get back in queue if there's queue a left. You mentioned weakness in the South American fertilizer business. I know this isn't a very large business for you, but can you gives more color on that? Do you see any kind of progress being made down there? Is it still a pretty difficult environment?
Steve Mills: I'll start. First of all, fertilizer is used by ADM in South America as one of its origination tools. It helps with our relationship with the farmer. We're blenders. We don't go back any farther in the chain and then. We do buy it in and blend it. It was profitable for us in the quarter, fertilizer was, but there was a significant drop in pricing, and you're almost inherently long to a point it's hard to be completely out and that's had an impact on the results. However, it's not a huge part of our business.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: John, one last question. As we get to calendar 2010, the ethanol environment looks fairly positive from a producer side and strained from a supply side. We've talked in the past about 2010 being satisfied pretty much from a physical market rather than a credit and physical standpoint. First of all, do you see that still happening? Second of all, should we expect that kind of a November-December rush in demand as discretionary blend remains positive, so that downstream blenders can get to good inventories as we go into the new mandate?
John Rice: Overall, the gasoline demand will have an effect on this also, but with the increased RFS with California blending to 10% and with the plants that we see coming online, including our own, we feel we're going to be fairly close to balance with supply and demand. Right now, you can have a very good spot margin in ethanol, but if you go out two months you don't have any margin. So, it's really a spot business right now. Corn and energy prices are also going to have a big impact on this, but right now, I think the supply and demand look to be fairly well balanced into 2010. We've also seen some export interest here in the last couple of weeks.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: When you say in balance, you mean physically in balance. So we're not going to have the REN overhang in 2010 like we did?
John Rice:  We'll still have that REN overhang. You can carry up to 20%, which would be 2.5 billion gallons but I dont think people will use those as long as the economics are for blending.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: Do you think that was that much excess capacity in the system in 2009 to generate the RENs to be available for 2010?
John Rice: REN was created just when they used the blending.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: Right, an excess REN though, did we blend that far over the RFS to create a REN that could be traded?
John Rice: I guess I don't know the exact numbers on that.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Can you please proceed.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Just two follow-up questions. I may have missed this, but with all the questions around the start-up costs in the chemicals business, did you actually give a number, just how much the start-up costs actually were in the quarter? 
John Rice: No, we didn't breakout.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Do you have a number?
Steve Mills: In our books and records, we're going to have numbers that we're expending in all of our facilities, but it's not something that we're going to disclose. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Just a follow-up I guess on the last question. If the ethanol industry is profitable and the margin outlook gets better, is there a potential that you will see excess capacity or idle capacity come back on-line? Have you seen any signs of that and is that something we should think about for 2010?
John Rice:  The potential is there, just because we have idle plants. The problem gets to be is to buy corn today; you can't sell it until seven, eight days from now. You cannot lock in that margin. It's really a spot driven margin. So, it's very tough for a small new ethanol plant to buy corn and lock in any type of margin.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research. Please proceed. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: John on the corn processing and ethanol outlook, in the past you have given numbers on idle capacity, do you have an estimate for industry idle capacity currently?
John Rice: No, I do not.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: How about new capacity coming online in the next 12 months?
John Rice: We'll have to get back to you on that one. We have it, but I just don't know off the top of my head. 
Pat Woertz: We have that, David. In fact, I think the best website that actually has a lot of the current information on both production capacity and idle capacity and those under construction is on the RFA website. That website shows 11.5 to 12 billion gallons online. 1 billion to 1.5 billion gallons idled, and the same, 1 billion to 1.5 billion potentially under construction.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Thank you. I wasn't actually sure if you guys made your own estimates. I'm very familiar with that particular site. My addition on this would then say that, there's nearly 2 billion gallons of capacity that is very close to coming on stream. The idle capacity plus the new capacity I think you guys are going to bring 550 million gallons yourself online within the next six or so months. I guess the ultimate question just comes down to how do you have confidence in the current spot margins with this level of capacity coming online in a relatively short period of time and with the mandate at just $12 billion for calendar 10? Any comments there, Pat?
Pat Woertz: One is, we believe in scale, and the size. We believe our cost efficient plants again, co-located with our wet mill, have both the infrastructure, the corn buying power, et cetera, to be able to be very cost-efficient plants. So while our numbers at the plants that are under construction were likely included in set of under construction that I gave you, as we noted. [Columbus] came on this quarter and the second plant won't be until about August of 2010. So, about a little less than a year from now. So that timeframe we think makes sense and we do have confidence in our ability to be cost efficient. The markets will move the way the marks move, but we believe the balance kind of that is in place now and what barriers to startup and/or certainly much new construction is there to kind of make a balance for a balanced market next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: On the EPA decision that's expected here in a month or so, there's been some speculation that will be pushed out. What do you think might happen and how might that affect the overall demand?
Pat Woertz: Well, I think you're talking about the increased blend levels, Christina?
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Correct.
Pat Woertz: It is expected that comment from the EPA would come on December 1st. We're hopeful, or I would even say optimistic that while we may not get to a 15% blend with their commentary. We very well may get to 12% on our way to 15%. And what timing that might be, industry kind of discussion seems to be around the early part of next year, maybe March or so to have that underway.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: So you don't expect a decision by December, the December 1st deadline?
Pat Woertz: There may be a comment, but again the decision maybe not effective until March of next year. So we're just not sure about the December date. We have more confidence in what would be said when EPA makes a statement.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: John, in answering Bryan's question, you mentioned that you were starting to see some export demand for ethanol. Could you just qualify what that is for us?
John Rice: In terms of what?
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Where is it going? Who wants it?
John Rice: Right now, it's going to different traders around, and we're selling on an FOB basis. So we don't know for sure the destinations.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Let me ask you a kind of a hypothetical. The economics make sense, given where sugar prices are in Brazil to actually export ethanol from the US to Brazil?
John Rice: The economics, yes, would lead you to that, could lead to you that. There are also other markets, India and Africa and other people around the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz from Rafferty Capital.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital:
,:
Pat Woertz: It started up in phases, Ian. So the first and second phase are in completion, and we've also consolidated some of our operations into Hazelton.
John Rice: It will be March of next year before it will be fully operational. We have two plants that we are in the process of shutting down, older facilities on the East coast.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: So will we see continued start-up expense through the cocoa line through the calendar first quarter?
Steve Mills: Yes, of some shape or form, yes.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: Then can you just comment we've seen kind of weakness in this division for a while. I'm not very familiar with the cocoa market. Can you just give us a little color on it, is this a macro weakness, or is this weakness relative to your geographies or your markets? What's going on in the cocoa business?
John Rice: Well, primarily it's a macro issue. The demand for products derived from cocoa is down, whether it be chocolate specifically or other products coming out of the cocoa stream. So as in many of our other businesses, there's a supply demand balance that you're always trying to work towards, and we're out of SKU right now.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: Is it just trending with macro consumption trends, or is there some sort of substitution event going on that's above and beyond?
John Rice: Ian, there's two pieces of that. One, is that there is the global weakness and the recession. An old adage is that chocolate was recession proof, but it's been proven not to be this time, but that's part of the equation. The other equation is that we've seen some historically high input costs now for cocoa and for sugar, which have impacted the chocolate manufacturers, which then in turn look where possible where they could make substitutions. Theres really several things at work here that are holding this group down.
Steve Mills: Plus you have a little bit of overcapacity. We've added plants in Ghana, Cargill has added (inaudible) has added little bit of capacity. So, we do have a little bit of overcapacity issue in the market right now, too.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: And you would expect that some sort of global recovery would kind of suck up that excess capacity?
John Rice:  Well, I think there is two pieces to that one is, global recovery certainly will help. The second one, as you see is that prices will start to come back down, and that could help. Then to the extent that processors struggle you never know how they will react to the low margins over a long time. We've seen over the years, eventually things get back in balance. It's a matter of time.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: A question back on the ethanol. I think, John, you mentioned it's kind of difficult for a small producer to lock in margins, a startup producer for ethanol spreads. You didn't mention it directly, but can you talk a little bit about, working capital demands right now at these input prices and given the current credit environment and how thats impacting independent producers to turn these other plants back on line. Is that still hindrance or do you think thats freed up a bit?
Steve Mills: Well, I think its still a hindrance because the banking industry has lived through already a couple of these smaller plants going bankrupt. So, they are looking at that, and you do need working capital in order to start up on these plants.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital: Do you think that the working capital requirements, the days of inventory, all different components, have they become onerous? Several years ago, the storage inventory for corn and the new ethanol plants was extremely thin, have the banks started to require much larger investment in that side of the business?
John Rice:  I dont know specifically about the financing for a small ethanol plant, thats just what our customers tell us.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: All else being equal, given your asset platform; North America, South America, do we normally expect profits to be better in the first half of your fiscal year and then just seasonally a little bit weaker in the second half just in terms of crop cycles?
John Rice:  I have been looking at those numbers for 30 years, looking for trends and its hard to predicts because of the mix of businesses, there is no question that the harvest has its timing issues, one to another, but its rode into the mix of all the other businesses that we have and the very ability year-to-year, its hard to say, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: So entirely over there youre not looking at the second half of your fiscal year as just being a tougher from a seasonal prospective, you just dont look at it that way?
John Rice:  No, not necessarily, we look at parts of our business where there are more peaks and valleys and things happen.
Pat Woertz:  Over the years, weve become more a global, so I think your point of different businesses on somewhat different cycles is important, but I dont think it [influences] them.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Consensus and estimates show your second half being weaker on an EPS basis than your first half and that youre also talking about at the late crop and some of you revenues being pushed out. (inaudible).
John Rice: Simply from our end is that the business cycles and the business opportunities are just going to outweigh any seasonality that may appear. 
Operator: At this time, theres no further questions. I would like to turn the presentation over to Ms. Pat Woertz for any closing remarks. 
Pat Woertz: Okay. Well, thank you so much for all your questions today. I think slide 17 shows a couple of upcoming conferences and I also might mention we will be ringing the closing bell of the New York Stock Exchange on December 3rd. Its been celebration of our 85 years listed now on the exchange. So, thanks very much. Everybody have a good day. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad  VP, IR Pat Woertz  Chairman, CEO and President Steve Mills  EVP and CFO John Rice  EVP, Commercial and Production
Analysts: Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley Christine McCracken  Cleveland Research Christina McGlone  Deutsche Bank Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Terry Bivens  JP Morgan John Roberts  Buckingham Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 Archer Daniels Midland Company earnings conference call. My name is Derrick, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate the question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn your presentation over to Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Derrick. Good morning and welcome to ADM's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we're webcasting this presentation on our website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two, the company's safe harbor statements, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. The statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital, and actions of governments. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide three lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today, and I will now turn the call over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and good morning everyone. I will begin with safety. This year we extended our record of year-to-year improvements, reducing lost workaday frequency by 10% and our recordable incident rate by 20%. During May, ADM colleagues around the world celebrated our third annual global safety week, and May was our best month on record for recordable incidents. It was clear that attention to safety does bring improvement. Turning to our financial results, I will start with a few brief comments about the quarter and the year, and then Steve will describe the quarter in more detail. In the fourth quarter, we felt the impact of the global economic downturn as we concluded a year of good performance overall. Net earnings for the quarter were down 83% to $64 million. For the year net earnings were $1.7 billion down 5% from 2008. Revenues were in line with last year at just over $69 billion. This really was a year of mixed performance with weak results in corn and other processing and very strong results from oilseeds and ag services, weak second half results and strong first half of the year. As I've said before our unparalleled assets and great people put us on a strong footing to identify and pursue market opportunities. And last year we pursued those opportunities were possible. As the global economy slumped and demand slackened, we leveraged a different set of opportunities. In this downturn, we used our strong balance sheet and cash flow to make strategic investments and build long-term value. I'm proud of the work that we did in 2009 to expand the size and global reach of our core model. Let me just summarize a few. The first of our big seven projects is now online with the most of the rest of them nearing completion. We expanded our processing operations and made selective acquisitions in key markets. We grew our South American packaged oil business, our European oilseed operations and our European chocolate business. We expanded US oilseed processing capacity, Brazilian biodiesel operations, and our fertilizer blending capability in South America. We expanded our global origination and transportation networks, adding barges, silos, and oceangoing vessels. We formed strategic joint ventures, one with Associated British Foods to enhance the value of our North America packaged oil business, and another with Grupo Cabrera to add sugar cane to our feedstock base. That JV is building two sugar ethanol facilities in Brazil and we expect the first to begin production this fall. As we look ahead, we do see signs of improving demand in the various food, feed and fuel markets that we serve. We see discretionary blending in the US ethanol market. We also see opportunity for increased sweetener sales to Mexico, and we have moved through the higher priced net corn that diminished our margins this year. We see more forward protein meal demand, Brazilian demand for biodiesel remained strong, and we're optimistic as we can be, about as optimistic as we can be at this time about the size of the US crops, which should benefit our ag services business. And lastly we remain financially strong and well positioned to capture value as global markets recover. Longer term, we will continue to serve the world's vital needs for food and energy, and we do remain committed to delivering long-term value for our shareholders. So that is the recap for the year. Now I will turn it over to Steve.
Steve Mills: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. Starting off with slight 5, you will see our financial highlights for this quarter. Segment operating profit decreased 73% for the quarter to $208 million. We will discuss these results on a segment by segment basis in a few moments. Quarterly net earnings and earnings per share both decreased significantly as lower segment operating results were partially offset by decreased corporate expenses and by an income tax credit for the quarter. Speaking of income taxes, our rate was impacted by a number of items this quarter. As we analyzed our actual foreign tax expense for the fiscal year as compared to our estimates, we trued up several items including the impact of a more favorable geographical earnings mix, and a currency related item from the re-measurement in dollar terms of our tax liabilities in South America. We also had reductions in both provisions for our PIN 48 contingent tax reserves and our allowance for unusable foreign tax credits. Partially offsetting this list of positive items was the additional $61 million of tax charge related to the Wilmar reorganization that I spoke to you about last quarter. As we look forward to fiscal year 2010, we're currently projecting a tax rate in the 29% to 30% range and that is subject to any additional taxes we may need to accrue related to the Wilmar reorganization. This chart also shows the after-tax charge related to the year-over-year change in our LIFO based inventories. As we recorded a $0.05 after-tax charge in the quarter compared to $0.19 charge a year ago. At the bottom of the slide 5, we have our waterfall chart that shows the after-tax impact on our quarterly net earnings and earnings per share of our share of Grumas foreign currency losses, the Wilmar tax item and for LIFO. In the appendix, we have more detail of these items for the quarter as well as similar data for the year. Turning to slide 6, slide 6 shows the summary of our operating profit by segment detailing the changes in operating profit for the quarter and fiscal year. Let us go ahead and turn straight to slide 7 to begin the review of each individual segment in more detail starting with oilseeds processing. Following last year strong fourth quarter oilseeds processing results, operating profit this quarter fell $227 million due to the impact from a weaker global economy. As you will see from the volume information in our appendix, our total processed volumes were down about 2.5% as we decreased North American crush rates in response to weaker product demand. This North American decrease was partially offset by increases in both Europe and South America. Crushing and origination results declined $ 135 million to $141 million. North American results decreased in industry crush volumes and cash margins fell as compared to last years fourth quarter. European results also decreased as we saw lower soy crush results, and reduced grain origination volumes and margin. In South America results were down less significantly as continuing strong soybean exports partially offset reductions in fertilizer and crushing. In refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results decreased $13 million to $21 million for the quarter due primarily to weaker zero European biodiesel margins and just some restructuring charges that were taken related to the rationalization of production assets of our recently formed Stratas Foods packaged oil joint venture. We are optimistic about Stratas as we integrate these operations. Our oilseeds results in Asia were materially unchanged quarter-over-quarter as our investments in that region, principally Wilmar International Limited continue to perform well. As a note, current market value of our Wilmar investment currently stands at about $4.4 billion. Taking a look at crop update for soy and oilseeds, last year's US soybean crop was 2.96 billion bushels and the projected carryout is 110 million bushels. Soybean supply is fairly tight given the smaller South American crop. The USDA June acreage survey indicated that farmers planted 77.5 million acres of soybeans, up from 75.7 million acres last year. The overall soybean crop is in good condition, but it is in the early stages of development. August tends to be the critical month for determining soybean yields. USDA is projecting yields of 42.6 bushels an acre, which would ease the right soybean supply situation. With last years South American soybean harvest well below normal, a more typical harvest in South America next spring would bring the carryout back to more comfortable levels. Current market conditions, crop prices are down from their highs, but with the current right soybean supply situation the potential for price volatility remains. We have seen global protein meal demand stabilize, and demand is now projected to increase. For the crop year 09 and 10, the USDA projects group in the 3% range, bringing consumption back to slightly above 07, 08 levels. Vegetable oil inventories have declined slightly from their recent high levels. Biodiesel demand is Brazil remains strong. Brazil moved to a B4 requirement in July, and the mandate is slated to increase to B5 in 2010. In Europe, palm-based and imported soy biodiesel are currently displacing EU produced biodiesel. We do see improved demand going forward as Spain and Italy start biodiesel programs, and Northern Europe switches to a winter higher rapeseed oil blend. Moving to corn processing on slide 8, throughout fiscal 2009 higher priced net corn had a significant impact on our margins. For the quarter, corn processing results fell as we moved through our higher-priced net corn and a weak ethanol environment. Operating profit fell $273 million to a loss of $11 million for the quarter as improved results in sweeteners and starches only partially offset the losses in bioproducts. Sweeteners and starches operating profits for the quarter increased $10 million over the prior year to $149 million, principally due to higher average sweetener selling prices and lower manufacturing costs. These increases are partially offset by the higher net corn cost and by reduced sales volumes. Bioproducts recorded a loss for the quarter of $160 million resulting from lower selling prices for both ethanol and lysine and the higher net corn costs. These were slightly offset by lower manufacturing costs. Crop update for corn, USDA June acreage survey indicated that farmers planted 87 million acres of corn up from 86 million acres last year. Again at this point in time, the overall corn crop is in good condition. The USDA is projecting yields of 150.4 bushels an acre, which would provide an ample supply of corn to meet all needs, including the corn needed to meet the higher RFS requirements. In current market conditions for ethanol we're seeing some discretionary blending above the levels required by the RFS, given the current favorable economics. We also see increasing demand for gasoline, but ethanol margins are positive even as the industry has dealt with new ethanol production coming online. Industry sources now show 10.5 billion to 11 billion gallons of ethanol capacity online, 2 billion to 2.5 billion gallons of capacity idled, and 1.5 billion to 2 billion gallons of capacity under construction. And the RFS for calendar 2010 will add 1.5 billion gallons to the mandated blend volumes. Lower year-over-year levels of US carbonated soft drink consumption (inaudible) reduced corn sweetener volumes industry wide. Increasing HFCS volume to Mexico should help to offset this decline and keep demand for sweeteners balanced with supply. Let us now turn to slide 9, and review the operating performance of our agricultural services segment. Ag services lost $17 million a quarter, merchandising and handling results were down $117 million as compared to the year ago quarter. Merchandising margins were weaker as demand for commodities and related freight slowed with the global economy. Results were also negatively impacted from less favorable risk management results. Operating earnings from our barge and truck transportation operations decreased $6 million for the quarter principally driven by high water conditions in the upper US waterways that reduced operational efficiency of our Archer [ph] barge operations. Looking at current market conditions, we are seeing more forward bookings in anticipation of the upcoming US harvest. And as we mentioned at this point in time, we are optimistic about the size of the US crop, which should benefit our ag services business, and China continues to be a strong forward buyer of soybean. Turning to slide 10, slide 10 is an operating profit analysis of our other segment. Our other segment reported an overall profit of $9 million this quarter, a decrease of $25 million from last year's fourth quarter. Other processing had higher results due principally to improved global wheat milling margins and a one-time gain related to the finalization of the disposal of our malting business. These improvements were partially offset by declines in cocoa due to lower sales volumes and by additional losses of our equity (inaudible) Gruma. A quick update on Gruma, in July Gruma announced they had reached agreements to terminate the final portions of their currency derivative positions and that their ongoing negotiations with their counterparties to structure financing terms for these losses had been extended. And on July 22, Gruma released their second quarter results, which showed positive net income on a Mexican GAAP basis for both the quarter and six months. Comparable other financial earnings were down $33 million. Our captive insurance business had another difficult quarter experiencing higher than normal losses. In addition the ongoing low interest rate environment continues to dampen results at our investor services business, and we had a loss in our managed funds portfolio for the quarter arising from further write-downs in the funds underlying investments. A market update on wheat flour, demand is steady and it appears to be a good supply of wheat globally. USDA projects world wheat production of 656 million metric tons for the current crop year, which would provide ample global supply especially given the large carry out [ph]. The cocoa bean crop is similar in size to last year, but with reduced demand appears to be sufficient. Slide 11 looks of the major components of our corporate line. Market prices for our LIFO based inventories rose during the quarter, requiring an increase in our LIFO inventory reserves of $54 million compared to a LIFO reserve increase in the year ago quarter of $198 million. Corporate investment income and expense decreased $50 million principally reflecting higher long-term debt interest expense and a significant decrease in interest income due to lower short-term interest rates, and lower working capital requirements of the operating segments. And corporate costs and other for the quarter were broadly comparable. Turning to slide 12, on slide 12 we move away from the operating segment view to the financial statement format. Net sales and other operating income decreased 24% this quarter to $16.5 billion. The majority of this decrease came from lower average selling prices, due principally to the year-over-year decline in underlying commodity costs and a foreign exchange translation impact. Higher sales volumes partially offset these decreases. The gross profit decrease for the quarter principally reflects the decreased segment operating profit, we just discussed. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 8% quarter-to-quarter. After taking into account impacts from foreign currency translation and divestitures, SG&A costs were down approximately $6 million or just under 2%. Other income and expense net decreased $58 million quarter-over-quarter. This change was due mainly to decreased equity earnings of our affiliates particularly Gruma and increase in net interest expense and an impairment charge related to one of our marketable security holdings. Income tax is also shown here, but I've just refer back to the comment I made earlier in my presentation. Turning to slide 13, we have called out several year-end balance sheet highlights. Strong earnings for the year and the reduction of working capital requirements due to the drop in commodity prices have had a significant favorable impact on our balance sheet during the last year. Operating working capital was down, total debt was down. We have no commercial paper outstanding and our cash balances are up. Our net PP&E is up due principally to the spending on our big seven capital projects. Shareholders equity did not change materially for the year as equity has been reduced by the movements in foreign exchange rates as compared to the US dollar. With the stronger dollar translating our foreign denominated balance sheets has reduced both the assets and liabilities sides of the consolidated balance sheet. Turning to our cash flow statement on slide 14. Slide 14 lays out the significant items impacting our cash flows for the 12 months ended June 30. I will touch quickly on a few of the larger items. Cash generated from operations before the impact of changes in working capital was strong again this year at nearly $2.3 billion. Cash flow provided from the changes in working capital requirements again reflect the lower inventory and receivables levels emanating from the significant decline in commodity prices. Our capital expenditures and business acquisitions for the year of $2.1 billion ended up being at the low-end of our fiscal year 09 CapEx estimates. Our current estimates for fiscal year 2009 spending is in the $1.5 billion range as we finish up the majority of our big seven projects and we have capital spending plan for efficiencies and maintenance. We paid down $2.8 billion of debt this year primarily reducing our short-term borrowings. And as I have mentioned in the past quarters, the key takeaways from slide 13 and 14 are that our balance sheet remains strong and that we have significant financial flexibility. Turning to slide 15, slide 15 provides an update of over current financial performance using our ROE and RONA adjusted for LIFO. Both metrics are presented here on a rolling four quarter basis. As would be expected with the decline in commodity prices, our working capital asset base has also declined this year. Our fixed asset base has risen primarily due to the expenditure on our major capital projects. Our four quarter average rolling RONA, adjusted for LIFO now stands at 9.3%, and return on equity is at 12.6%. Both solid numbers in light of the volatile market conditions we have seen and the significant amount of preproductive capital that is currently on our balance sheet. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Pat and we will be glad to take your questions.
Pat Woertz: Okay, thank you Steve. Operator, if you could open the lines, Steve Mills, John Rice, and I are here to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Sure. Good morning everyone.
Steve Mills: Good morning Vincent.
Pat Woertz: Good morning Vincent.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: I guess, you know, maybe the first thing I want to focus on is just you know, as far as I can tell you you've never lost money in ag services in a quarter. Is that true prior to this?
Steve Mills: Well, that is a good question. Summer has been around a long time. I don't recall specifically.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Well, hasn't been recently then. So, I guess what I was probably most surprised by that, and so maybe we could just delve into. I mean, is that purely hedging or is there something else we should be thinking about there?
Steve Mills: I'd start with this and see if one of my colleagues wants to head on. I think hedging -- I think I like to refer to it as that we manage risk and of course we use many tools to manage our risk and our positions, and we follow the appropriate accounting rules including marking instruments to market a period in. So, I think as we mentioned in the call we also saw much weaker demand during this past quarter.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Right.
Steve Mills: It's as in ag services it is a mix of opportunities and activities and a mix of results.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: So was there an -- were you intimating that there is some chance that some of the unfavorability this quarter can reverse in later quarters?
Steve Mills: Well, what I've mentioned is that we do at all in not just this quarter, every quarter we mark our positions to market. So to the extent that we have recorded those at June 30 or June 30 levels, there will be changes from June 30.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Right. Will a lot change right around June 30 with the crop report? That's why I asked. Okay. And then maybe, next on ethanol, it seems like sequentially based on my take on your comments on the last quarter was that there was going to be a sequential improvement in ethanol and things seem to go the other way. So if that wasn't incorrect what happened during the quarter and was I -- my assumption correct in the first place?
John Rice: Vincent, let me just make one other comment about ag services. To Steve's point, we were also -- taken a point in time. When you look at the whole year, we had a very great year when you look at ag services. Though when we mark things to market at the end of any given month can also have an affect on how that quarter is going to look. The ethanol market as Steve said are high net corn caused us to have some larger losses this month. Also in ethanol, as you recall from the last conference call we do charge our ethanol division a charge to buy the corn from the sweetener and starches area. Looking forward, we see the ethanol market looking very good going forward. We see the supply and demand being very close to balance, and right now the market is in a backwardation, which means there is very good demand versus a nearby supply.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks very much. I'll pass it along.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Vincent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Yes, just to follow-up on the previous line of questioning and your expectations around I guess the impending decision around the higher blend, curious to see what your thoughts are as we head into the back half of the year and expect a decision on that?
Pat Woertz: Okay, Christine, maybe I'll start with that. You know, as you know the EPA received an application back in March to allow E15 blends and that was a public comment. I think about 3000 comments were in that close towards the end of July and it is expected the EPA will have a response by December 1st. So, even if it does not respond to go all the way to 15, it's our expectation or hope that E12 on the way say to E15 is one of the likely outcomes. So that would be next year -- that would be in place next year in 2010. So we'll wait to see on December 1st. We'll of course know that closer or maybe even have a better feel for that by our next call.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Structurally, you think that if we were to move to an E12 blend, you would be obviously increasing at least the blending levels in some parts of the US, and then therefore driving incremental demand in pricing along with it?
Pat Woertz: Right. If the economics allow, we would have increased blending and most of the data or all of the data we've seen says that it can be safely and effectively done without adding, you know, additional infrastructure cost et cetera. So that's a positive thing with respect to the infrastructure being able to easily absorb the additional blends.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And your two new dry mills are scheduled to come online, I believe within a relatively short period of time. Can you give us an update on that and if that --
Pat Woertz: In the appendix this time we did the update on the projects, I think it's on page 20 or the update is on page 26, and it shows our Columbus plant coming on in the fourth quarter of '09 and Cedar Rapids in the third quarter of 2010.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Thank you. I leave it there.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Christine.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Christina McGlone  Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Steve Mills: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning.
Christina McGlone  Deutsche Bank: I guess, turning to oilseeds, I was a little bit surprised that it was weaker, given some of the competitor performance and I'm wondering, you know, how to reconcile what other people have said versus the results that came in for ADM?
Steve Mills: Well, Christine I can't help you reconcile to other people's results, but what we saw on this quarter was weaker demand in biodiesel in Europe. Argentina was shipping more biodiesel to Europe during that period of time United States was not able to, but what we do see going forward in oilseeds is a better biodiesel market, because we have France, Spain, and Italy going to be blending next year. We're also seeing better demand going forward. We are also seeing more forward interest in purchasing of products. So, we still have a tight period right now to work through in our -- in the soybean supply situation, but going forward I feel very positive and also when you look at this fiscal year like our ag services, this was a record year in oilseeds.
Christina McGlone  Deutsche Bank: And John, as we had entered the fall, do you think that, I mean, South America is going to be largely out of beans by that point and the US will have to supply the world. So, I mean that seems to fit right into your -- in your backyard. I mean how do you see that playing out?
John Rice: Exactly like you said as the crush rates go down in Argentina and Brazil, we see more opportunity to run the North American assets at full -- at higher capacities.
Christina McGlone  Deutsche Bank: Okay, and can you just update on US biodiesel, I mean, I think utilization is running at 15%. There's a lot of uncertainty with respect to regulation. How is that playing out with respect to soybean oil values in inventory?
John Rice: Well it is an unknown right now. There's still discussion in the legislation on how this will all come into play right now. It's all -- it's mostly talent [ph] that works, but with the situation we have globally right now with Argentina shipping the biodiesel to Europe, we will end up picking up more vegetable oil sales in the food side in other places around the world. So when you look at the whole supply and demand for oil next year it is looking very positive, now we have higher palm production, but right now it looks like with the increased demand for biodiesel, especially coming in Europe and the food demand increasing, there can be a very positive year for oil we feel.
Christina McGlone  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And last question, just to follow on Vincent's questioning. Can we think about ag services with a clean slate right now or how do we view the future given these positions that are on the books. I mean, is that any differently than we normally do?
Steve Mills: It's hard to say, you know, we have some positions every quarter, and then we bring things to market and so I guess -- again like John I won't tell you how to model it, but this, we didn't have any changes in accounting methods or procedures here. So --
John Rice: But going forward with the expectations on this crop, it should help our ag services with very large corn, very large bean, will help our transportation assets. Now we still have ways to go before harvest, but right now things look really positive going forward.
Christina McGlone  Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Christine, I also might just add that if you think about the network, it is built to handle a large crop. So with an expectation of optimism around the crop that should help.
Christina McGlone  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you.
John Rice: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning to everyone.
Pat Woertz: Hi Ken.
Steve Mills: Hi Ken.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Just Steve -- I think you said something that was interesting about the corn side. Just to make sure because if I look at sweeteners, they sequentially improved this quarter while bioproducts obviously sequentially did not improve, yet, you know, ethanol prices went higher, and I think you used to say that the reason for that is because the sweeteners actually gets charged, I'm sorry the sweeteners charge the bioproducts, the higher net corn cost, is that what you said?
Steve Mills: Both sweeteners and bioproducts share in high net corn cost. They each are paying for their corn, and then on top of that bioproducts is paying the sweeteners and starches group at processing fee to move that corn over there. So there is no question that that is some inner stump segment movement there.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Is the discrepancy -- I mean, sweeteners and starches you know, sequentially improve. If you're saying that higher net corn cost ran through both corn processing, sweeteners and starches actually sequentially improve, bioproducts did not. I'm just trying to figure out how that works. It doesn't make sense. Right, if they are both having higher net corn cost going through, why would one sequentially, both sweeteners and starches prices increase and ethanol prices all increase. You think that the relative magnitude of the sequential drop would be similar? Am I missing something?
Steve Mills: Well, the other factor is selling, absolute selling price levels both sweeteners and starches being up and ethanol not. And those comparisons as we look, now as we lay this out we're doing it on a year-over-year basis.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Yes, but I usually look at a year-on-year, but again ethanol prices sequentially improve, I think that current year prices probably you know, improves a little bit but both of them would have the impact of negative corn cost. Why wouldn't there be a similar impact on both their businesses? Take it off-line if it maybe --
Steve Mills: I mean, I heard you, but --
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: It doesnt make sense?
Steve Mills: It makes sense from our end here. So we are not connecting here Ken.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: I'll ask off-line. It just -- it seems like you would think there would be in such a discrepancy between the two, you know, sweeteners and starches improve, then bioproducts decrease, but yet, the selling price didnt diverge by that much, all right. I'll kind of figure it out afterwards. I'm assuming China bought soybeans from the US and ADM sells soybeans to China. Where would that be reported?
Steve Mills: It depends where the sale is -- out if it. It is out of the United States it would be in ag service. If it comes out of Brazil, it would be an oilseed processing.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: So, assuming that, you know, trying to get back soybeans from the US and they bought from you guys, how come that wasn't really recognized in the ag services business to any extent, I mean you lose $17 million it seems. You know, why wouldn't that be in that business? You know, Bunge had a nice quarter on selling to China. Do you not sell as much to China? Is there an issue there?
Steve Mills: I don't know exactly how much Bunge sells to China but we -- there is other things than just China soybean sales that's in the ag services. We also have, we have global businesses, we have businesses in Europe that come into ag services. We are trading wheat, we are also trading corn, and there werent much -- as much sales out of United States during this last period as maybe Brazil's because there were coming through the harvest period.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay, so you think it was more because of maybe it was more weighted to the Brazil transport than the US transportation?
John Rice: That could be it but I guess I'd have to look back but I would -- looking at the prices and the price spread and the freight spread I would say that more savings would have been shipped out of Brazil last quarter than out of the United States.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay and my last question is if I think about (inaudible) negotiations. Can you tell us where we are on that, how utilization rates are, and, you know, is it possible to have, you know, price increase along with inflation or how do you think about how that's going to play out for 2010?
Steve Mills: That will all be based on utilization. It'll depend on how much more Mexico picks up with the high price of sugar. We are seeing more people with a high price of sugar in the United States, buy more fructose. So it is really too early to tell, but it'll be a utilization rate. A big part will be on the starch business. We're starting to see the starch business come back in June. That helps people's utilization that could have a positive effect on high fructose, but it's -- like I said it is still too early to say. There is long ways to go between now and October and we have to see how the crop comes out.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Pat Woertz: I maybe add to that John, did you talk about the levels of sugar overall affecting it. Net corn values, if they stay below where they were last years pricing discussion, we may have lower pricing in 2010, but again our focus is on maintaining as John said sort of similar improved margins. That's the point in that business. It's a margin business.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research. Please proceed.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Great, thanks a lot. Good morning everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning David.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: I just wanted to follow up on the starches and sweetener question. John, can you give us a figure for where industry utilization rates are for starches and sweeteners, US?
John Rice: No, I cannot. I can just tell you that our plans are running harder but we are also producing more ethanol right now and less sweeteners, but I could not give you a good indication right now on the industry just because I think starches are -- have been dramatically down more than high fructose corn syrup.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Okay, so when you give your volume numbers for that particular segment, I believe it's just all combined together, both ethanol and then the starches and sweeteners. What I'm trying to -- would like to get a sense for is the pacing of what you've seen in terms of volume decline. So the first half of calendar '09 versus your expectations for the back half, can you just give some commentary for starches and sweeteners and how the volumes are moving here, was it you know, dramatically more negative in the first calendar quarter and in the back half of the year. Could you actually see this flat or would you still expect year-over-year volume declines?
John Rice: It seems like the volume decline like we mentioned earlier has flattened, if that's the proper way to say it, but with the increase that we expect to shipments to Mexico, we see a positive increase in shipments in our high fructose, and like I mentioned earlier with the increased shipments in our industrial starch business in June, we expect that to also go forward at a better pace than what we saw in the first half of the year.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Can you quantify your estimates for shipments in the back half of the year to Mexico, either ADM specific or industry shipments either way you like?
John Rice: No, I can't. Just because it's -- we are starting to see more of that come into play people had their sugar bought earlier in the year. Now we are getting more requests to increase our shipments. So it's still a little bit too early to say exactly, but we are seeing much more interest.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Steve, you mentioned in your prepared comments and in the press release that there was a decline in fertilizer profitability in your oilseed processing segments. I believe that's where it showed up. Can you talk a little bit -- as I choose to more color here how large was the decline in profitability specifically related to fertilizer, and can you just expand on the reasons why? We don't often hear very much about fertilizers, specifically from ADM, which is really the underlying nature of the question.
Steve Mills: Okay, well just a couple of thoughts on that. First of all, as you point out we do have a fertilizer business in South America. We principally use it to enhance our origination operation, and we are buying both fertilizer and blending it to specific farmer needs, and we talked about it on again a comparable basis. A year ago was an operation that had done better. It's not in the grand scheme of oilseeds, it's not a big number, and we, you know, we probably look at a different than other folks. It's really just a tool. So we went from you know, it's a relatively small gain to a relatively small loss, but there is enough that we thought we'd mention it.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: All right, it's usually a materiality issue in terms of why you mentioned it or why you don't which is why I'm asking because it's something I haven't heard before from the company. Last question here just on Wilmar, can you just give us any guidance here on further increases to tax expense related to the Wilmar restructuring?
Steve Mills: Well, we've got one more potential payment and that will happen when the reorganization is complete, which is on it's kind of its own time line. It has got kind of out of our control. It's in the regulator's hands and that could be as much as a year ahead, and it's going to be based on the market price of Wilmar shares, the way the tax calculation is made and that continues because Wilmar share value continues to rise. We mean the tax number will rise, and I think it's in the $0.5 billion range at this point in time. We have a final number when we put out the 10-K.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: I appreciate the color right there. Thanks for all the answers.
Pat Woertz: Thanks David.
Steve Mills: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning everybody.
Steve Mills: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning Terry.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Pat, just a question on capital allocation. I know it's been a debate for some time in terms of buying capacity versus buying stock. I guess one way to look at things is it does seem that from this point you are looking towards improvement going forward in your base businesses. Is that going to change the way you'd look at share buyback here. I mean clearly the level of repurchase has been, you know, given your size, I would say somewhat minimal and I know, there has been a lot of debate on this, but what is your current thinking on share repurchase?
Pat Woertz: Well, Terry as you know when we had discussions with the rating agencies back last spring when we issued our mandatory converter, our equity units and again last fall, you know, we talk with them every quarter. That is a discouragement on the part of agencies for us using cash for share buybacks. Now that doesn't mean that discussion won't continue or can't change, and if we want to maintain our credit rating, which is very important in our business, it allows us you know, cost deficient taxes to Tier 1 commercial paper, et cetera. We do value that rating and that strength and flexibility. We will be meeting with the agencies again this fall as we do. We will have those discussions and commodity price levels are always part of that discussion and our balance sheet and our strength and so forth. So I think it is perhaps less of an issue as it might have been before, when we had very significantly different working capital level needs, et cetera. But again we keep our powder dry and we reserve -- we always are talking about driving for acquisitions that add value, be they small or medium-size and in this environment we continue to see more of those. So I think we have options, we have good options, even better ones than ever for our shareholders. So we will continue to have the discussion about how the best to use that cash.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Okay, thanks very much.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Terry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Good morning.
Steve Mills: Hi John.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Is it fair to assume the decline in ag services was more in the merchandising area than a drop in risk management?
John Rice: Yes, it was a slow -- it's normally a slow period. We did not see the world trade as active as it has been. Many people were just being -- staying out of the market using their inventories. We have seen that slowly start changing and people have started coming back to the market with more purchases and also more forward purchases.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Okay, so more of that decline was in merchandising. The press release said --
Pat Woertz: John, hold on one second.
Steve Mills: And I guess I'll just add to the John's comments that it's hard for us to differentiate risk management from merchandising because risk management is part of that and we talk about risk management. It's about commodity risk management positions, freight. You know, we don't have any real issues with counter party risk and that kind of thing, but I guess I'd -- to me it's all integrated. I'm not here to argue. It's all part of the program.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Okay, the reason I'm started down this path here is that while processing volumes were down the release said sales volumes were up, which I guess the merchandising tons were up, at least enough for you to comment on that. So I'm trying to understand that the drop in income with the increase in volume. Was that a lot of high cost inventory going out with the merchandising volume during the quarter?
John Rice: It's a margin business, and that's what really drives the P&L, and I don't think there's much more than those to that. So it's you know, it's volumes, margins, and then we have to -- as we talked earlier in our conversation those are brought to market (inaudible).
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Okay, and then second question is if I remember correctly, return on equity is the largest component of the incentive compensation program and you're below the cost of equity now or cost of capital.
John Rice: The incentive, well Pat do you want to take that or --
Pat Woertz: Our compensation program relates to earnings, to return on that asset, and smaller component of performance metrics and safety, and then of course the discretionary piece for the compensation committee of the Board of Directors.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Did you meet your objectives for the year or did you have to have some adjustments at year end because of the weak fourth-quarter?
Pat Woertz: We have those discussions yet to take place with the Board.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: So you might have met them or you might have not?
Steve Mills: It's based on an annual performance and those are all go into a model that is described in our conversation disclosures in the proxy and that the board to look at this week.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Okay, I'll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Steve Mills: Okay.
Pat Woertz: Thank you John.
Operator: (Operator instructions) You have a follow-up question from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-up. I just wanted to ask you know, in prior quarters you talked about the credit environment being tied in your commercial paper access being an asset in ag services, and perhaps giving you some leverage and some opportunities that the smaller players did not have. Does that opportunity set to run its course?
Steve Mills: I personally -- and this is Steve. I don't think that it ever runs its course. I think there's always a value there, but as kind of business conditions have weakened here, it made probably less of a difference and as the credit markets have loosened up some it's probably made less of a difference, but I don't think our leverage knowledge that it doesn't have any value.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: Next question is a follow-up question from the line of David Driscoll. Please proceed.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Great. Thanks a lot. John, I just wanted to go back to some of your comments on ethanol. I think in the prepared comments you all indicated that there was still a fairly significant amount of idle capacity out there, something like 1.5 billion to 2 billion gallons, or I'm sorry 2 billion to 2.5 billion gallons of idle capacity, and 1.5 billion to 2 billion gallons of capacity under construction. Wouldn't that put total ethanol capacity still well above the mandate even for next year. That's kind of the first point and you know, a lot of this is in response John to your comment that you said that the ethanol business looks "very good," very good to me felt like 2006. It doesn't feel very good right now, but I think you feel differently. So can we just discuss this a little bit further?
Steve Mills: Sure. The -- many of these plants will not start up just due to working capital. We're -- we get many calls still on plants that are under construction, that are not going to finish construction. Working capital is still going to be an issue. This is not going to be an easy business. Some plants are just built in the wrong location. If I said very good maybe that was too strong of a term. I feel it is going to be better going forward with the supply and demand situation. If we have a very good corn crop, we should have lower net corn. We are seeing incremental blending above the mandate. We have a 12 billion gallon mandate starting in January, and I feel the supply and demand should be somewhat balanced coming into that period.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Okay, so the comment in this make sense to me is that we were long ago, you know, three months ago we were looking at a poor [ph] industry that was losing money. The margins have now gone positive and so things feel -- they feel better, the balance feels better. Is that characterized really what you're trying to get at?
Steve Mills: Yes.
Pat Woertz: You know I also might add David, even just basic gasoline demand is up, it's higher reported EIA data is higher in May than it was any month during the summer last year. So if people are buying a bit more and therefore blending and when blending economics are good and overall gasoline consumption is up, there is a little room to move again.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Just one final point on this. Just in the last few weeks we've seen corn really turn around and start to move higher on perhaps the expectation that the acreage number from the government was a little optimistic on June 30th. You know, number one, just can you make some comments here on how these higher corn prices affect your -- the margins today and I hate to be so short term oriented, but it just seems like four, five, six weeks ago I had $0.20 margins in ethanol, and now today those numbers looks like they come down in half because of the rally in corn prices. If corn continues to go higher, I'm more nervous about the ethanol business simply on that front. Does that logic makes sense to you or do you see it differently?
Steve Mills: Well, also ethanol prices have increased and we still have very good blending economics. Without the tax credit, ethanol is $0.25 a gallon currently less than unleaded gasoline, and you put in another $0.40 on top of that you have $0.60. Blend in economics are still there. Ethanol prices can still go higher. We always do like large corn corps, and the larger the corn crop, the more beneficial I think it will be to the ag services and also to the ethanol industry.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Are you worried about the corn acreage relative to the June 30th estimate or not?
Steve Mills: It's going to be more of a yield and just what the latest reports that have come out even of yesterday, people are anticipating very high yields, a lot higher than what the government said. Now, this is also August, and we will not start harvesting this crop for another month, a month and a half. So there is still other things that can play out, but according to the data, according to what they show for the supply and demand and to carry out for next year, things are currently looking positive.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Great. I really appreciate the comments. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you David.
Steve Mills: Thank you.
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from the line of John Roberts. Please proceed.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Does the oilseeds processing volume normally seasonally decline as you move from the June quarter to the September quarter, or does it seasonally normally increase? It declined 3% last year, but we had kind of a -- we were going into the declining feed demand last year. So it's hard to separate normal seasonality here.
Steve Mills: I'm sorry. What quarter to what quarter?
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Going from June to September. So as we look forward to this coming September would it be normal to have a sequential increase or sequential decrease?
Steve Mills: Decrease, during this time period we are seeing more -- in the industry more downtime coming during this period, and then also there is a very tight soybean situation. So USDA is anticipating a smaller crush in North America during the next three month period.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: And any guidance on LIFO affect in the near term here. Has the volatility been low enough that in prices of grains that it'll be minimal here in the next quarter or two?
Steve Mills: We're not down to -- we're down to just a couple of hundred million in the LIFO reserve total and it's all based on prices at that point in time. So, we're -- in the last time we struck that price level with June 30. So I can tell you what I thought today, but we have to see where September 30 comes. So it's really that relative value between June 30 and September 30.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thanks John.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Patricia Woertz, Chairman and CEO. Please proceed.
Pat Woertz: Thank you everyone for your questions and attention today. We look forward to talking with you on our next quarter call, which is noted there as November 3rd. Bye-bye now.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad  VP, IR Pat Woertz  Chairman, CEO and President Steve Mills  EVP and CFO John Rice  EVP, Commercial and Production
Analysts: Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group Michael Picken  Cleveland Research Group Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group Chris Bledsoe  Barclays Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Archer Daniels Midland third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. My name is Owalia, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Owalia. Good morning and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we're webcasting this presentation this morning on our new website, adm.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two. The company's safe harbor statements says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital, and actions of governments. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide three lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today, and I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and good morning everyone. First I will begin with safety. During our third quarter, we reduced lost workday frequency by 8% and total recordables by 18% compared with fiscal 2008. We continue our program to implement values based safety at our facilities globally. And also next week, ADM holds our third Annual Global Safety Week during which we recommit ourselves to keeping safe ourselves and our colleagues. Turning to our financial results, this morning we reported quarterly net earnings of $8 million or $0.01 per share, down 98% from the same period a year ago. Adjusted for specified items including two very significant unusual items, which we will discuss in a moment, our earnings were $225 million or $0.35 per share. Results were negatively impacted by two large charges related to equity investments. First, as we expected, we recorded a $132 million non-cash after-tax charge for our share of the currency derivative losses incurred by our Mexican affiliate Gruma. And then due to a restructuring of our Wilmar Holding Company, we had to record a $97 million deferred tax expense. And Steve will talk about each of these items in more detail in a moment. Overall, operating results were generally weaker and all of our segments were down compared to last year's exceptionally strong third-quarter results. However, we do feel we performed relatively well given the global downturn, the tough economic conditions, weaker demand and reduced volatility. A few brief comments on the business this quarter. Oilseeds processing had slower North American demand, which benefited from export disruptions in Argentina and delivered strong growth European and South American results. Corn processing saw continued challenges in the ethanol industry as overcapacity, lower gasoline prices, and minimal incremental blending depressed ethanol margins. Higher sweetener earnings only partially offset the losses in bioproducts. The agricultural services segment delivered its second-highest third-quarter results in face of significant contraction of market opportunities as the global crop supply increased and demand weakened. Going forward, we do see some promising signs in a few key markets. There have been draw downs in cold storage inventories of beef, pork and poultry, and we see steadying demand for gasoline, and of course we are monitoring H1N1 flu virus and related developments to understand any impact on our markets. On the strategic front, this quarter we continue to execute our South American growth strategy as we acquired an oil bottling facility in Lima, Peru, converted a retired oil seed processing plant in (inaudible) Brazil to a fertilizer blending plant and expanded our elevator networks in Paraguay. We reported for the first full quarter our recently acquired rapeseed processing plant in Sraubing, Germany. The additional capacity helped us capture value in the face of reduced overall margins. Integration efforts continue at our Stratas packaged oil joint venture with Associated British Foods. We had our first production and deliveries of biowaste at USP glycerin at our new glycols plant here in Decatur. And we expect regulatory clearance for our acquisition of cocoa and chocolate producers, Schokinag, during the fourth quarter. While these quarterly results were adversely impacted by the two significant unusual items, our underlying performance was solid in view of the global economic conditions and the associated challenges faced by our industry. Our financial condition is strong, and we remain focused on managing risks and costs as we execute our long-term strategy. Now I had the call over to Steve.
Steve Mills: Thank you Pat and good morning everyone. Starting off on slide five, you will see our financial highlights for the quarter. Segment operating profit decreased $659 million or 72% this quarter and we will discuss the results on a segment by segment basis in a moment. I do want to mention however that included in the segment operating profit line is the 212 million Gruma currency derivative loss that we did discuss with you on last quarter's call. And this loss accounts for about a third of the overall decrease in segment operating profit. Quarterly net earnings and earnings per share decreased as a result of the lower segment operating results and the tax items of approximately $97 million related to our Wilmar Holdings which caused our effective tax rate for the quarter to jump to 94%. As we look at our effective tax rate and exclude this unusual item, our tax rate for the quarter was about 31%, which is in line with last year's third quarter, and generally in line with our fiscal 2009 quarterly rate. As to the unusual tax items during the quarter, the majority shareholders of one of the companies in which we hold a portion of our Wilmar investments initiated a process to modify the overall ownership structure of Wilmar. This process involved converting the underlying Wilmar investment from indirect to direct ownership. As a consequence, this conversion created a significant tax event for us here in the US, and we were required to record pieces of this tax expense in several different quarters. In this quarter, quarter three, we saw the first impact, which caused us to book tax expense of $97 million. In the fourth quarter, we expect to see a further tax charge of approximately $60 million. And when the liquidation is complete, and we expect that to be 12 months to 18 months from now, assuming that the reorganization crosses all of the regulatory hurdles, we will see a final tax charge. This final tax charge will be based on the fair market value of Wilmar shares at that time. So it'll be difficult to estimate what that precise amount will be, but we base the calculation on yesterday's Wilmar stock price and exchange rate, and assuming the current US federal tax rate stays at 35%, and assuming regulatory clearance for this reorganization, the additional tax charge will be about $318 million. We didn't see much in the way of a LIFO charge this quarter, just a penny charge after tax, as commodity price levels were generally stable. At the bottom of slide five, we have added a waterfall chart that shows the after-tax impact on our quarterly net earnings and earnings per share of the Gruma FX loss, the Wilmar tax item, as well as LIFO and other items. The appendix has a bit more detail on these items for the quarter as well as similar data for the nine months. Turning to slide six, slide six shows the summary of our operating profits by segment, detailing the changes in operating profit for the quarter and nine months. Let's turn straight to slide seven to begin a review of each individual segment in more detail, starting with oilseeds processing. On a year-over-year basis, quarterly operating profit for the oilseeds processing segment fell $13 million and as you will see from the volume information in our appendix, our process volumes declined about 8%, principally in North America, as we adjusted our plant run rate in response to the slower demand. Crushing and origination results declined to $100 million for the quarter, due principally to weaker North American margins, as the slowing economy put pressure on crushing margins as product demand declined. We did see some increased demand in South America and better crushing margins in Europe both in part due to opportunities arising from the disruptions in Argentina. North American soybean meal demand was down compared to last year as year-over-year animal numbers are lower. In South America results improved driven principally by increased grain merchandising volumes and margins, which overcame losses in fertilizers. Results in Europe were similar to last year supported by our ability to shift some production capacity among feed stocks to capture the best available margins. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results increased $13 million for the quarter to $52 million, due principally to strong edible soy protein demand. Additionally, refining and packaging results are generally steady and the global biodiesel market acted in anticipation of a change in the duty structure in Europe, driving some short-term oversupply, which pressured both volumes and margins in Europe. This weakness in European biodiesel was largely offset by strength in South America as shipments in margin there rose to meet the growing Brazilian market as the biodiesel mandate there increases. Oilseeds results in Asia increased $53 million to $72 million for the quarter due primarily to improved earnings of our equity investments in Wilmar International Limited. We also recognized a gain in Asia for the quarter of $18 million related to the sale of an equity investment. Looking at the crop update as we sit here today, last year's US soybean crop was about 2.96 billion bushels. As of April 9, the USDA projected a carryout at about 165 million bushels, and we're expecting crop updates next week. Current projections call for a smaller South American crop and the global soybean supply is projected to remain tight as reflected by the low stock to usage issue. In Brazil, soybean harvest is virtually complete and Argentina is about 75% done. US planting intention reports indicated that farmers expect to plant about 76 million acres of soybean, up slightly from last year. Current oilseeds market conditions show that global protein meal demand has slowed. Oil World reports for the crop year 2008-2009 that there'll be a global decline in protein meal consumption of about 1.2%. That is made up of a decline of 5% in the US, a 5% decline in the EU, 2.5% growth in Brazil, and an increase of 5% in China. And to put these projections in context, the crop year 2007-2008 protein meal demand grew at about 3.6% rate and the historical growth rate has been in the 4% to 5% rate. Vegetable oil inventories are declining from very high levels which makes us cautiously optimistic on crushed margins going forward. At this point in time it is too early to tell the ultimate impact of H1N1 on pork demand. Moving to corn processing on slide eight, corn processing operating profits fell $123 million to $49 million for the quarter as losses in bioproducts were only partially offset by improved results from sweeteners and starches, as we continued to work through higher net corn cost and we faced a very poor ethanol margin environment. As a reminder, our sweeteners and starches line includes the activities of corn sweeteners, syrups and starches, and the benefits from the transfer of starch at market price to the bioproducts group. Bioproducts results includes ethanol, both the ethanol we produce and merchandise, lysine, as well as other specialty food and feed ingredients, and it includes our new industrial chemicals business. Bioproducts also shares in its proportional share of the net corn costs incurred by the corn processing group including the related hedging results. Sweeteners and starches operating profits increased over the prior year to $146 million p primarily due to higher average sweeteners selling prices, partially offset by decrease in sales volume and the higher net corn cost. This quarter bioproducts losses of $97 million resulted from lower selling prices for ethanol and lysine, versus the higher net corn loss. Looking at the crop update, last year's US corn crop of 12.1 billion bushels was the second largest crop on record, and the current estimated carryout of 1.7 billion bushels is considered to be ample. Corn exports from the US are projected to be 1.7 billion bushels for the crop year compared to 2.436 billion bushels last year. US planting intentions report issued on March 31 indicated that farmers expect to plant 85 million acres of corn down slightly from the 86 million acres planted last year. Farmers are making good progress in planting corn in the western corn belt while wet weather has delayed planting in the eastern part of the corn belt. Assuming the anticipated corn acres are planted and that we have normal weather through the growing season, we should have an ample supply of corn to meet all needs, including the corn required to meet the higher renewable fuel standards. The current market conditions show ethanol spot prices somewhere between $0.20 to $0.35 a gallon over unleaded gasoline and with the $0.45 per gallon tax credit, a blender currently has an incentive to buy additional gallons and we are seeing some discretionary blending above the levels required by the RFS. Ethanol margins remain weak, as there is excess capacity relative to RFS requirements, but if we look at today's corn prices and spot ethanol prices, ethanol margins are cash flow positive. We see lysine demand steady. Sweeteners volumes were down last quarter but we were in a seasonally slow period for soft drink demand. We will have a much better sense of end market demand in the next few months as we get into the warmer weather. Let us now turn to slide nine and review the operating performance of our agricultural services segment. Ag services are $121 million for the quarter due principally to the decline in merchandising and handling results compared to an extremely strong $366 million that we reported in the prior year. Even though we were down, this was a strong third quarter, the second largest third quarter, second only to the last year's results. In prior quarters, we were able to leverage global crop disparity and also volatile commodity prices to capture excellent results. This quarter, reduced global demand and the increased crop supplies limited opportunities overall. US exports are still low compared to last year even though soybeans are up, but corn is down. Operating earnings from our barge and truck transportation operations increased $5 million for the quarter principally driven by reduced operating costs, specifically fuel costs in our barge operations. We are currently monitoring the progress of US planting, the eventual crop size in South America, and the trade activity in Argentina, all of which will have an impact on global crop supply and demand going forward. Slide 10 is an operating profits analysis of our other segments. Our other segment reported an overall loss of $140 million this quarter, a decrease of $278 million from last year's third quarter. The other processing businesses had lower results due principally to the $212 million non-cash loss related to the currency derivative losses from Gruma. And we do record our shared of Gruma's results a quarter in arrears, so our March results Gruma's December 2008 quarter. And as an update to Gruma, in March, Gruma announced they had reached agreements to terminate the majority of their currency derivative positions and we're entering into financing negotiations with its counter parties and that represented about 87% of its total losses. Also last week, Gruma announced a $34 million net loss, that is using Mexican GAAP for their 2009 first quarter, our share of which we would record in our June quarter. Right now, it looks as though we will report something close to breakeven on a US GAAP basis. In our wheat and cocoa processing operations, results remained largely unchanged in spite of some slowdown in cocoa demand that we saw in the quarter. Other financial was down for the quarter as we booked losses in our managed fund portfolio compared to gains last year as valuations of the underlying fund investments were negatively impacted by the global financial turmoil. Like Gruma, we do record our share of the managed fund activities a quarter in arrears. Our commodities future merchant operations was negatively impacted by the low short-term interest rate environment and by the absence this year of gains of security states that we saw last year. Current market conditions for wheat, we still see steady demand, and it appears we will have a good winter wheat crop here in North America, and we will be monitoring spring wheat planting. As I mentioned, demand has weakened in cocoa, and we have slowed our production to better balance our operating rates with market demand. Cocoa bean crop is similar in size to last year but with reduced demand it appears to be sufficient. Turning to slide 11, slide 11 looks at the major components of our corporate lines. As I mentioned earlier, with the decrease in commodity price volatility, we had the smallest radiation in LIFO that we have seen in several quarters, a $5 million charge compared to the $64 million charge that we reported in last year's quarter. Corporate investment income and expense decreased $56 million primarily due to the increased interest expense relating to our additional long-term borrowings and to decreased interest income, both externally and intercompany, due principally due lower interest rates. The change in corporate costs and others was mainly driven by a swing in our minority interest eliminations, related to the results of non-wholly-owned consolidated assets. Moving to slide 12, we will move away from the operating segment view to the financial statements format. Slide 12 reflects the statement of earnings highlights for the quarter nine months. Net sales and other operating income decreased 21% this quarter to $14.8 billion, as decreased average selling prices, due principally to the year-over-year moderation in underlying commodity costs and the impact of foreign exchange translations accounted for about 85% of the change in sales options. The gross profit decrease for the quarter principally reflects the decreased segment operating profits we just discussed. SG&A expenses decreased 8% quarter over quarter primarily due to lower personal related expenses and the impact of foreign currency translations. And our other expense net increased $127 million quarter over quarter. This change was due mainly to the swing from gains to losses in the equity earnings of affiliates, again primarily from the Gruma loss. And we had a charge in change minority interest eliminations. Turning to slide 13, which has our selected balance sheet highlights, comparing items from our March 31 balance sheet to the June 30, 2008 year-end balance sheet. Similar to the fast two quarters, strong year-to-date earnings and the reduction in working capital requirements due to the drop in commodity prices have significantly impacted our balance sheet over the fiscal year. Operating working capital was down $4.3 billion, debt is down, we have no commercial paper outstanding, and our cash balances are up. Our net property, plant and equipment continues to rise, due principally to the spending on our major seven capital projects. Turning to slide 14 and our cash flow statement, slide 14 lays out the significant items impacting our cash flows for the nine months and I'll touch quickly on a few of the larger items. As I mentioned in the balance sheet review, cash generated from operations before the impact of changes in working capital remained strong at nearly $2.4 billion. And the cash flow provided from the changes in working capital requirements reflects the lower inventory and receivables levels resulting from the significant decline in commodity prices since June 30. Our capital expenditures stand at just over $1.4 billion for the first nine months running now at the low-end of our fiscal year 2009 capital expenditures. In light of the current market conditions, we are watching our spending very carefully. And we paid down $2.9 billion of debt so far this year principally paying off our short-term commercial paper borrowings. Again, the key takeaways from slide 13 and 14 are that our balance sheet remains strong and that we have significant financial flexibility. Slide 15 provides an update of our current financial performance using return on equity and return on net assets and that measure adjusted for LIFO and both of those metrics are presented on a rolling four quarter basis. Once again in line with the decline in commodity prices, our working capital asset base has declined. It does get moved a bit by the rolling four quarter affect and our fixed asset base is rising slightly in line with the expenditures on our major capital projects. RONA adjusted for LIFO, but I will note that we did not adjust for the Gruma and Wilmar items, now stands at 11.1% and ROE is at 14.9%, both solid numbers. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Pat and we will be glad to take your questions.
Pat Woertz: Thank you Steve. John and Steve and I are now available for questions. Operator, if you could please open the line?
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse Securities.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities: Hi. I guess I will start with a Wilmar question. I didn't know that this was coming, so when did you guys get a sense that there was going to be this tax charge, does it have anything to do with new tax rules from I guess the current administration and I'll start with that question. Thanks.
Steve Mills: Okay  well, start, Pat.
Pat Woertz: I was just going to say it does not have to do with any new tax rules but I will let Steve walked through the timing and the relationship with the majority shareholders and the decisions made along the way.
Steve Mills: Thanks Pat. Well, this was mostly a first-quarter activity, so there wasn't a lot going on here. We have been spending a lot of time as you could imagine researching a variety of alternatives and to see if we are able to come up with a solution that was acceptable to the other shareholders. Third quarter  fiscal year first calendar quarter, sorry if I went wrong, is a recent item. But nothing as Pat mentioned doesn't have anything with the  with anything on the new rules and it was really an effort by the majority of the shareholders of the holding company structure to hold their interest directly instead of indirectly, and it also has the ancillary benefit of increasing the free float of Wilmar.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. And then I will ask a question about ethanol if I could. There was an article in the journal about it today, it is kind of difficult to interpret how the administration is moving forward on one hand, the EPA has been more strict on CO2 levels on the other hand, it looks like some more financing is going to go faster into biofuels producers hands and then the inclusion rate is going to go up. So can you give us a sense what's your interpretation of all these new information and how does it help or hurt your business?
Pat Woertz: Well, I'll start here and then somebody may want to jump in. Of course we're watching all of the discussions related to biofuels both corn based, advanced ethanol, advanced biofuels, and we feel quite positively that there is a recommitment of efforts associated with supporting biofuels in the market, both first-generation and second-generation. There's been further discussion about higher blend rates as you know, petition for 15%, even if that does not occur, up to 12%, would allow additional ethanol to flow to the market. I think we will watch the announcement today, I think it is a combination of ag, energy, and the EPA and it is on  strictly after our call here, so we will see the other announcement to come. I think there is some discussion as well on this concept of indirect land-use and the signs is rather unripe on the subject. It has to do with how land-use maybe even in other countries affect the biofuels produced here in the US. So I think more dialogue will occur on that subject. It is already occurred in California, there'll be more from the EPA and we're engaged in all of that. So I think it is positive in the overall affect that people are looking at and having the discussions about how to continue to support not only the renewable fuel standards that are in place but to ensure that they continue to grow.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. And then just lastly it is pretty clear and you have done a good job of signaling that the demand environment is getting tough, what is your outlook for the rest of the calendar year, I guess, on returns on capital? Is it possible to do your normal returns on capital in a weaker demand environment or is it just going to be a tougher than  this is going to be a tough year and then you need  maybe get back to normal in 2010 when presumably demand picks up?
Pat Woertz: I think you asked a couple of questions in there Rob. Let me see if I can pick it apart a little bit. I think we are cautiously optimistic going forward. I think the timing associated with think sort of flattening there, there is some good signs in certain markets, but we don't give guidance. So the idea of when the pickup takes a more advanced flow versus a flattening is a little bit of anyone's guess. I think the idea of returns which is a different question you asked does have to do with both the numerator and the denominator. We continue to complete our projects that are underway and most of those will be finished here within this calendar year and the earnings associated with those projects be they the cost efficiency ones like cogeneration on some that are further out as far as the earnings side of that goes, like our PHA and our second ethanol plant, we have slowed our progress on completing those projects. So they will come in a little bit later in the cycle.
John Rice: Rob, the only thing I would add is, we are not seeing any more plans being constructed. We are seeing plans still being idled or shut down and with the increase in the renewable fuels centered for next year, we do see the positive where the supply and demand balance may come more into line, maybe within the 1 billion to 1.5 billion oversupply coming into next year.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities: Oversupply for next year?
John Rice: Yes.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities: Despite the fact there is no new plants being built, John?
John Rice: Yes. We still have our plants. Right now we feel there is about 13 billion capacity, and then you have our plants will be coming on line which will increase a little bit more capacity in the market. Right now we have discretional blending going on which also increases the demand side of it.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities: All right, okay. But you did use the term oversupply, so does that mean that the additional plant that you're building is going to add to the oversupply issue and then you have to hope that discretionary blending catches up?
John Rice: Well, our plant will add to the oversupply, but there are still more plants being shut down throughout the industry, the more inefficient ones.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. Well, I will stop there. Thank you.
John Rice: Thanks Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research Group.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning John.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: The volumes decelerated down in the quarter in the processing segment particularly in the oilseeds side, are you entering the current quarter still decelerating down or have you at least seen stabilization at the end of the quarter?
John Rice: We are still running our operations globally at a slower place. We have not seen a pickup in demand even though in past comments we do see some more positive signs going forward. We have not increased our crushing rates just due to the uncertainty in Argentina gives us a little bit more optimism in European and South American crush margins and possibly into the United States also. So if anything maybe more of a bottoming. It doesn't feel like demand is shrinking anymore, we are not slowing our plants down anymore than they currently have been.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: But if you're down 8% in oilseeds processing volume in the third quarter, are you currently running down more than 8%  the comps are still difficult as you go into this quarter as well, right?
John Rice: Well, the exact percentage, I do not know, but we haven't slowed our plans at all anymore.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: And what is the size of the fertilizer exposure that you have in South America?
Steve Mills: It is  this is Steve. It is not a big number. We had about a $20 million loss in this past quarter and again we think those prices have bottomed out.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: And that included the inventory write-down.
Steve Mills: That included the inventory write-downs.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research Group.
Michael Picken  Cleveland Research Group: Hi. This is Michael Picken calling in for Christine. How are you?
Pat Woertz: Hi, Mike.
Michael Picken  Cleveland Research Group: Hi. A couple of questions on your sweetener business. Just wanted to discuss kind of your outlook for what the soft drink demand is going to look like here this summer in the United States, if you have started to see a pickup in bottlers purchases more recently? And then secondly what your outlook is for Mexican exports, particularly there is some the uncertainty with what overall demand is going to look like with H1N1 but just your thoughts on Mexico sort of going forward?
John Rice: The sweetener demand during January and February is usually slow period but we have seen shipments start picking up a little bit. The summer is always the high volume period, so it is still too early to tell. But we are very cautiously optimistic b because we maybe believe the best way to say that demand does not seem to be as down as much as early indications. And with high sugar prices, sugar is up to $0.15 a pound now globally, so we are seeing more optimism and more shipments going into the Mexican market we feel during the rest of this calendar year.
Michael Picken  Cleveland Research Group: Okay great. And then if you could talk about sort of how you feel about the industry, whether you feel it is right sized in light of Cargill shutting down a plant and I guess the (inaudible) also shut down, a little bit of capacity for a few weeks here, have you guys been running full out and sort of what are your plans in that segment regarding your utilization rates?
John Rice: We have been running our compounds harder but it is not been due to the sweeteners. We have been running ethanol, lysine, and as Steve mentioned many of our other food and feed ingredients. But with the Cargill plant shutting down which represents maybe around 4% of the capacity, that should have a positive effect on the ethanol market  I'm sorry, on the sweetener market. But right now I think the supply and demand is fairly well-balanced. We are running our plants a little slower here nearby but the big key will be the ethanol demand and then also how we see the sweetener shipments and start shipments during the summer.
Michael Picken  Cleveland Research Group: Okay, great. And then last question one on the ethanol side, you know Valero announced that they are going to start to ramp up production on I guess three of the former (inaudible) plants with the fourth one coming in the next month. I mean I know we sort of already are at an over capacity, but do you think that the number of plants shutdowns by other people are going to offset the amount of capacity that is coming on before we start in our first plant over the near term?
John Rice: Yes. I do believe that with Valero starting those additional pounds, there will be additional capacity coming in to the market, so somewhere else into the supply and demand balance, we will have to have some other shutdowns or slowdowns I believe.
Pat Woertz: Michael, maybe another thing to keep in mind is underlying ethanol demand is also often just the basic gasoline demand, and gasoline demand is just entering what used to be referred to as the driving season and I guess it remains to be seen whether at least Americans in this country will be driving more this summer and therefore the pool itself will have higher demand and therefore maybe somewhat increase ethanol demand.
Michael Picken  Cleveland Research Group: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina Mcglone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank: Thank you. I wanted to ask about biodiesel, it looks like, I'd guess in today's rules, we may see a deferral of the biodiesel carb out so that next year we will have kind of the 2009 and 2010 mandates being met. And I'm curious if that is largely expected or that will pressure biodiesel prices lower?
John Rice: In the US, we're going to have to wait until after the press announcement today, and that is the 30 days or 60 days comment period during that. So it is too early to tell exactly how biodiesel will play out in this.
Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank: Do you think John that people kind of  I have heard it before, so I'm wondering if people expect it, do you get that sense?
John Rice: I hate to speculate on an announcement that is going to come out in 30 minutes I guess.
Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just Pat you talked about this, but I wanted to understand more what this indirect land-use inclusion and greenhouse gas emission calculations actually means in the carb ruling and if EPA goes that way today, what does that mean for Midwestern ethanol? I mean is there a chance that you would then will not  the capacity go off-line and maybe not even be able to meet our RFS or in the grand scheme of things what does that actually mean?
Pat Woertz: Yes. It is an interesting question. First of all, maybe the California low carbon fuel standards which you refer to, the carb issue has sort of two items, the direct and indirect. On the direct, that is numerous pathways, none of which the plants in the  some of the plants in the Midwest such as ours with cogeneration isn't even part of the specific analysis or the grid. So what is important there is to know that we would have a chance as other plans would to have a specific analysis and we feel our plans have many more efficiencies than sort of the standard ones as part of the grid. So that is on the direct side. On the indirect land use side, as I mentioned, both the environmentalists and scientists and I think even carbitol technologies that it is a science that is under new studies, so maybe it is not necessarily right for exact standards, but what they have included in the standard in California is an accelerated review of the science around indirect land-use. So it would mean how many mega joules for example would be applied to your plant that would be related to what type hypothetical under an assumption would mean, grasslands or other land would need to be taken out off  taken down from another part of the world. So there is work underway and there is dialogue with carb that will in dialogue that will come with EPA depending on what their rule making and decisions are related to the subject. So I think we are engaged with them, we are having good discussions and novel idea of what we are committed to doing our part in carbon capture and sequestration. It is not sort of something else we have willing and we believe that this will this whole idea of having low carbon fuels is a positive step, we just need to work on the signs to get there. So we are optimistic in the ability to work with them.
Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And sugar ethanol does really well in that pathway allocation, so does that put the import tariff at risk and or does that given your cash flow and your financial flexibility, does that make sugar acquisitions in Brazil even that much more interesting to you?
Pat Woertz: Well, keep in mind much of this would be further down the line than immediately. So in California, it might mean 2011 or 2013 before arguably due to your assumptions there that Brazilian ethanol would find its way to California because it would be the one that would have the lowest carbon footprint so to speak. So I think, in general, to your point, we believe sugar investments in Brazil is good foreign ADM because it will have global opportunities as well as local domestic opportunities. So, Brazilian ethanol can continues to be of interest to us. Our sugar investments that we have underway there now are proceeding, and we continue to be interested at the right prices et cetera for any growth.
John Rice: Yes. The only thing I would add is our plans should be operational at around September or October this year.
Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just last question John, can you explain why you said Argentina's crop reduction is helping crush margins in South America, but  and you said maybe the US, why would help the US?
John Rice: it would be I said proper reduction, but anyways, the if Argentina does have a smaller crop, they will have less to crush down there, which would allow us to be able to crash more than pickup some of the export market into the Latin American countries and also into the European market. Just less competition.
Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank: but why isn't it going to help the US crush margins, because crush margins have gone up sequentially in the US?
John Rice: Yes. I'm sorry, it will help the US.
Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank: Oh, it will. Okay. All right thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning Ken.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: What did you say was utilization rates in high fructose corn syrup?
John Rice: I don't think we did.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: What is it then?
John Rice: We don't necessarily look at it as a utilization rate and high fructose corn syrup. We look at utilization in our whole corn operations with all our different crops.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. What is that utilization rate?
John Rice: As you can tell from the Beverage Digest and other things, demand is lower in the soft drink market, but this is going to be the summer period where we feel that demand could pickup and then also what we are seeing in Mexico just because of the high price of sugar.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So  I'm assuming utilization rates are lower than last year, but is it exceedingly lower? I mean can you give us some parameters. And then I guess what I'm trying to figure out is also what does it look like for 2010, how do you see it playing out?
John Rice: Demand is not as bad as what the perception is. I think people have been throwing out numbers somewhere around 3% to 4% reduction. But that is early in the year and it is really going to be more how the summer season goes along with the exports to Mexico.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. How are the exports to Mexico going?
John Rice: We are starting to pick them up. We're starting to see more interest down there just because we have $0.15 sugar.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Even with the H1N1 virus?
John Rice: It is still too early to tell exactly how that will all play out.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So let me understand it, so the demand (inaudible) but you're not sure if it is going to get better but we don't know about H1N1, is that kind of what you're saying?
John Rice: Exactly.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay, that is clear.
John Rice: (inaudible) fulfillment in the future, and how the summer looks, and how the H1N1 plays out.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. You know going to H1N1 for a second, how do you care if  or to what extent or how do you see the switching if there were switching between chickens and hogs and hogs and chickens, how does that change soybean meal demand and do you care one bit?
John Rice: Well, we care just because we don't want to see the demand of any of the products go down. But it is still too early to tell how this will play out. If people have spine out in their whatever they call them, yards of fields or whatever, they have not been reducing their stocks in the United States. So right now we have not seen any drop down in demand, and it is going to all depend on what happens here probably in the next 2 to 3 months and what happens at the grocery store level.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Let me rephrase the question. If the overall protein demand does not change and they are switching from hogs to chicken, and how does that affect you guys? Are you net neutral, do you care about protein, do you care about the switch, what is the rule of the thumb, how do you think about that, assuming that protein demand does not change? A consumer will change from hog or pork to chicken or pork to beef, how do you kind of see that shifting around, and how does that affect soybean meal demand?
John Rice: Well, we work with all our customers. We have all the different proteins, so in the case of if soybean protein demand is lower and rapeseed meal is better, we can switch our operations and produce more rapeseed. So we're always working with the customer, what makes the best ingredients for them to be able to feed their animals. So it is really more of a total animal number as opposed to I would say poultry or hogs because lysine can be used in certain animals and how cattle comes into play. Aquaculture, there's all kinds of animals and fish we're feeding around the world.
Steve Mills: This is Steve. I think the other kind of complicating factor in the formula that each of those animals converts proteins at different rates. So you would have to go through those hypotheticals, but there is no question that pork uses more protein in its diet than chickens to but it is just I think it is just all speculation as how it will all work out. But the good part for ADM is that we do supply all the ingredients and all the products, so we have to see how it plays out.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: But on the  I am not even asking what you think about how it plays out, I am saying if pork demand goes down by 5% and chicken demand goes up by 5%, do you care? I am just trying  I am not asking about your forecast for the H1N1 impact, I am trying to figuring out what the sensitivity that what you guys think about if things happen and you kind of gave two different answers depending on who answered. It sounds like it doesn't matter, but it does matter.
Steve Mills: I think that at this time usually say it depends around here. It does matter to the extent that we do  are concerned about our customers and it will influence which products go to which place.
Pat Woertz: But it depends where the demand is down as well, so it depends a little bit on geography. So I think we're looking at each other saying it probably depends Ken but maybe we are a little more neutral than we are biased towards one animal or another.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: I would have thought you would have said neutral, that why I was just  all right, that is it, that is all I have.
Pat Woertz: Okay, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning David.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: In the ag services business, John, can you make a couple of comments here about kind of the last couple of years I think what we have seen is just tremendous tightness and dislocations in the agricultural markets, and in the absence of that factor, much more so than the changing volumes that has affected profitability within agricultural services and to a lesser extent oilseeds, generally would you agree with that? And then secondly, following on that point, do you see a return to very tight conditions anytime soon?
John Rice: Well, volumes do come into play. What we did have the previous year was good volumes plus a dislocation. Volumes always help in the ag service areas, the larger the crops, the better the demand. It just fits our model very good. Now going forward, we're coming into our growing season here. So on a daily basis, it is too much rain, not enough rain, or we going to plant corn, not enough corn, so it is always a constantly moving target and what the other areas of the world and how their markets are doing, or how their weather is doing also.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: I suppose what I am looking at is you know the year ago if you look at slide nine on the ag services operating profits, $250 million reduction in merchandising and handling is not a blip, it is not just a small thing. There was something special that happened in those years ago period and other periods, and it is always a question of you know almost did you catch lightning in a jar back then and is that the principal factors that are  we need a repeat of those type of factors in order to see those results again, number one? And is there any evidence that we have the potential to see that in the near term going forward?
Pat Woertz: One thing David, let me add here. You used the lightning term. Lightning shaped a little bit like a volatility charts and volatility was kind of at its peak in those periods that you refer to. And I interrupted John, you were going to add...
John Rice: And every day we come in and look at different opportunities we see globally, taking it all the way from the farm to the end consumer. We have freight, we're handling through our elevators. And last year we also had another factor was that we had it so concentrated part in the United States and also helped the elevation of our operations, that the whole world had come to United States to source a lot of their grains.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: So, in the absence of that condition going forward, would generally be a negative factor? Agree?
John Rice: I wouldn't say that as we keep expanding, as Pat said in her notes, so we expanded operations in Paraguay. We are looking at more operations in Europe, so we keep expanding more globally, keeps giving us other opportunities.
Steve Mills: I think and I will just add to that David, the way we look at it around here, you never know what the new factors are going to be tomorrow, the next day. So today you might say you don't see some of those same signs but that is why John and the team and the rest of us come in here everyday to see what is going to happen.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Certainly, makes it easy to forecast from our perspective.
Steve Mills: We understand that.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Pat, can I just ask you one more question on this California deal, the low carbon fuel standard. The one point that I just want to explore a little further is my read on this passage of this new standard. The implementation I believe is set for 2011 and so when you said that this was off a little ways, yes, it is 2011, but it feels to me like with John's comment, which I agree with, overcapacity in 2010 combined with an outlook that potentially there is a major problem for corn-based ethanol in the California market, something like  what was that, 1.5 billion gallon market for the US, this is  I was amazed at what the California folks did and it seemed extremely negative regarding corn-based ethanol and what the outlook would be in 2010, 2011, you pick your year, and it just feels horrible. So kind of temper my negativity on this, if you believe so, and please tell me why because I just can't believe what California did right here?
Pat Woertz: Well, there is a couple of questions in there, so let me pick it apart, David. When I was responding to a question earlier about Brazil ethanol, that is sort of where I brought the 2013. There is a step up in the California plans between 2011 and then 2013 where it would be more likely in 2013 to that specific question that Brazilian ethanol would meet more of the California low carbon fuel standard than other ethanols produced in the US, other than may be the advanced ones produced in California out of different bio feed stocks that are not food related. So that was the comment on 2013. Well, I won't say that I can that this isn't a concern of ours or a discussion that is ongoing with carb or that we didn't have good dialogue with them going into it. I think the key issues are the ones I referred to about the indirect land-use signs, that review needing to take place and to have good signs contributing to it, and I believe that is what will continue to happen. And secondly that California understands the market implications of some of the standard so that you don't have maybe the unintended consequences of no ethanol in the US, very little ethanol in the US could enter the California market, and California gasoline is already sort of the highest priced in the country. It would even get to a greater extent if you had to fill its needs with imported ethanol for example. So I think there is more work to be done to have the dialogue with California and so that is where my optimism comes from is we are in that dialogue but you're right. It kind of has taken a very rapid path to support its low carbon fuel standard efforts and biofuels produced in California, that is kind of the direction that it was headed.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: On balance, if this thing goes through as is, this looks like a disaster for ethanol and/or if your efforts prove fruitful and if you can get back to where we were, it is simply back to status quo and then we just look at the oversupply of ethanol in 2010 relative to the mandate, would you agree with that frame up?
Pat Woertz: Well I think that is a general frame up, yes, maybe I wouldn't use the word disaster because I think there is always the idea of how you have these discussions and I have more optimism that we will be positive in our discussions. But you are correct that under a certain scenario, American ethanol will not find its way to California and imported ethanol in fact would replace it in the years sort of post-2013.
David Driscoll  Citi Investment Research: Thank you very much.
Pat Woertz: Thanks David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz with Soleil Securities Group.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: Hi, good morning everyone.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Ian.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: Steve, can you just go over one more time, I missed it, you went over current conditions for meal demand globally down 1.2%. Can you just go over, you did a US, EU, Brazil and China, can you go over those numbers one more time?
Steve Mills: Sure, Ian. No problem. The US was down 5%, the EU looked for a decline of 5%, China was going to have an increase of 5% and Brazilian growth was projected at 2.5% . Now that is all based on crop year 2008-2009 which will take us fall to fall.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: Okay, great. And can you remind me again what the fiscal projections are for CapEx for the year?
Pat Woertz: Ian, if you're talking about CapEx for 2009 fiscal year, we had said between 2 billion and 2.5 billion, and we will find ourselves on the low end of that, in fact maybe just bouncing up against or slightly under 2 billion.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: Okay. And should we expect a project update kind of find out on the next quarter's call? I mean I thought we would be getting something
Pat Woertz: Yes. We had said we would only update it if there where changes to it, any approved changes in both spending and/or completion, and there have not been. So you can refer to the last one. So if in fact there are any for the next quarter, we will certainly include that. Steve?
Steve Mills: Ian, I think we will also update you when  because we are in the stages where some of these plants are coming online. As Pat mentioned earlier, we have got the glycol plant, the first step to make USP glycerin took place and we should be seeing some of that literally every quarter here over the next up something happening on each of these projects. So we will keep you updated and again as Pat mentioned if we have got anything that takes us off schedule, off our schedule either at or back, we will let you know.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: Okay, great. And with the new information that we have out, anyone care to take a stab on RIN availability for calendar 2009?
John Rice: Well, the RINs are  there's two different RINs out there trading right now, 2008 and 2009, because you can carry it over into the following year. So 2008 is at a discount. 2009, due to if there is an increased blending, we have more, we have higher renewable fuel standard, so people will probably come into the year with more RINs available for 2010 until all the rules are set. So there is I guess I don't know exactly what the number is right now but it is a constantly moving target, and people are cognizant of those also, but the economics right now are to blend ethanol.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: John, do you think there's a chance that as we get into calendar 2010 virtually and not literally, but virtually there are RINs available out of the 2009 vintage?
John Rice: I wouldn't think so because I would think people would just want to carry some of those over just due to the flexibility of being able to use them.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: Okay. And then last question, kind off David's and Christina's question on the carb standard. First of all, I think the oil mills, the Midwestern oil mills definitely got diverse scores out of the group, out of the different pathways, specially from a direct, not even an indirect score, how does that impact your business? And second part of that, can you envision a scenario where we're going to have two different multi tiered ethanol pricing kind of carb compliance, non-carb compliance, if the 11 northeastern states do decide to kind of piggyback on California's rulings, we could see a significant amount of the fuel conception market being under this low carbon fuel center compliance and only a small, a much smaller percentage available for kind of non-carb compliance fuel, do you see that there is going to be kind of a dual float?
Pat Woertz: No. I think that is part of the risk and the discussion going on is does carb really want to have that, does the markets really want that? I think markets in general have wanted to go to more common fuel standards, not create yet another for blending component that is even dissimilar. But obviously if you enact legislation that creates a second tier or a different type of tier of ethanol, that is one of the possible outcomes.
John Rice: My personal opinion is I can obviously be wrong is, part of the program for the renewable fuel standard was to have a source of fuel grown domestically. And by putting these different carbs in, we're just replacing part of where our energy supply comes from, whether you would bring it from the Middle East or of whether you bring it from Brazil. So the main reason we did part of this was for energy security. I think in the long run, it makes more sense to make sure that there is a good domestic corn or cellulosic ethanol production.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: I mean there is one element or one angle you can take on this is to argue the policy but another angle to take would be to actually try to comply and I mean the ethanol industry in general, not necessarily ADM specifically. Can you see the situation where Midwestern produces try to do as much as they can to their plants, to their actual facilities to improve their scores? I mean if you look at the pathways, simply turning off your driers, from what I remember, it is about 10 points in score improvement. Is there anything thatdo you see that happening, and is there anything that ADM can do to improve the scores on wet mills as well?
Pat Woertz: Maybe I will start and John wants to add to this. I think absolutely and your hitting the point of some of the objective of the legislation is to have lower carbon emissions from any production. And if you can compare production, of course running driers for DDGs is one of the energy intensive activities. So some plants in the Midwest will comply to different extents than others, it is the same uncertain the calculation of that intensity, that carbon intensity at the moment, and that is why a lot of caveats in some of these comments. Plants will qualify under different criterion. We believe very confidently that ADM's efficient plants will have positive calculations, but we have work to do to get that accomplished.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: And any idea whether you're new two projects will kind of lay out the score? They are co-located, so they should  I would assume they have better scores than gas fired standalone gas driers, correct?
Pat Woertz: Well, there is efficiencies to new plants, but it has to do with how you get your cogeneration, what your feed stocks are, what the composition of the percentage of different feed stocks that you can run, whether it is biomass or coal, et cetera. So there is calculations to do, and again we are not part of the grid, so we have to do the individual accelerated review which is how carb defined it.
Ian Horowitz  Soleil Securities Group: Okay, great. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you Ian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bledsoe with Barclays.
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Chris.
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: Just a point of clarification, the ethanol oversupply reference, was that for calendar for 2010 or fiscal 2010? I'm just wondering if by the end of calendar 2010, if we should expect kind of a tightening up of supply?
John Rice: Balanced, 2010.
Pat Woertz: You are tightening.
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: And fair to expect some tightening, you said?
John Rice: Yes.
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: Okay. And it seems  to me it seems that just kind of looking at ADM today, you're much more procyclical company that you had been maybe five years or ten years ago, pre-ethanol. And so if I just wanted to kind of grossly oversimplify the positive inflection, kind of the driver of the positive inflection for ADM as a whole, would the key be the comment that you made about steadying gasoline demand and kind of watching kind of the global recovery take place here and the timing of that, and the demand it drives for gasoline? Or is that too much sophistication?
Pat Woertz: Let me see if I understand your question. Chris, I think you're talking about cyclicality as it relates to the ethanol business or that piece of our corn processing that relates to ethanol, is that correct?
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: Well, for the company as a whole, really just kind of looking at how ethanol demand has driven other operations within the company, including like ag services and the pull through that it has created in ag services, and so just really for the company as a whole?
John Rice: I wouldn't say the ethanol component had an effect on the ag services side of our business, or two different parts of the business. But the overall economy will have a great demand hold for our whole system. So as the economy gets better, people start eating more, people start driving more, we will start seeing more overall demand. So that is really the underlying positive outlook I guess.
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: I guess I just recall a few years ago when the discussion was how big a player ADM is going to be and why is ADM going to be in the ethanol business and remember at the time the discussion was focused on the kind of pull that it creates in the entire system for biomass and for ADM's assets and the utilization rate of assets, whether it is be merchandising and transportation assets or processing assets. Which is why I asked, and I realize ethanol is kind of a different business line than your other units, but the demand for ethanol being driven by the demand for gasoline creates this kind of pull through, and I thought that was the reason you were in ethanol in the first place?
Steve Mills: I'll take a stab at part of this, Chris, and let the others join in. But as we look at our from a strategic perspective, volume and scope is what drives us. We have to expand that volume and scope. What biofuels has done with being an additional demand pull and adding to the general scope, it's been a good thing for ADM in many ways. It has helped leverage part of our business, different businesses. And as John pointed out, the kind of the underlying macro economic factor that we continue to follow is just a general trend to get demand back up in all of these places. So it is not wrong what you said because the buzz of ethanol and biofuels has been an important customers of our product which is helped volume and scope. I think Pat, would you like to
Pat Woertz: Yes, I would support what Steve said and I guess it does link on Chris to your theory. If you think about the longer term, the world is going to need more food to feed a growing population that is continuing to eat better. The world is going to need more energy from alternative sources, lots of different sources to feed that population, but the slowdown in this global economy has caused the blip in that trend line that you would argue was that trend, are we no longer on that trend line, or is it one of the slowing impacts? And I would say it is one of the slowing or you used the term cycle, one of the slowing effects, but I think the world based on demographics, et cetera, will get back on the trend line of greater demand longer term.
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: Okay. And then if I am just looking across at some of your peers, or at least one of your peers, it seems to me that there is an anticipation for a pretty positive back half to calendar 2009, not just stabilization either, a pull on recovery. And I would love to ask you if that is premature, but I know you're not going to give me guidance. So maybe I would just ask if you are concerned instead, if you are concerned that their views being rather optimistic about the back half, if their views will lead to irrational production decisions and prevent a better balance between supply and demand for some of your key businesses?
Steve Mills: I think as we have mentioned during the call today that we look for those signs of recovery and that we're cautiously optimistic. I don't think that  I think we are almost going to have to leave it at that because no one really knows. I think your question about whether there'll be some unusual behavior in the marketplace because of that, I can't speak for the competitors, but you would think that we're all going to react to similar signs and the demand is out there. So we will have to see.
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: Okay. And I guess I'll just  I'm wondering if there are decisions that are made today based on an outlook three or six months from now, if there are decisions made today that you know by competitors rather than industry that are irreversible and that could  that require more of a runway to reverse and therefore could put us in a situation where we don't see a V shaped recovery, instead we see something more like an L shaped recovery or stabilization, if those decisions being made today on the ground expectations of a V-shaped recovery put the industry in a potentially worse off situation, or if it is just a flip, a switch you can just flip off in the industry to slow production in response to slowing demand, or demand not materializing as robust as you might have expected or competitors may have expected?
John Rice: Long-term we still feel very positive about our business. We are increasing our oilseed plants that we have mentioned before. We are running them show currently but we believe things will get better in the long term which will make those assets pay. Short term, we're running our business on a day-to-day, looking at the opportunities that we see, that we may  that can give us signs of what we feel are long-term opportunities and short-term opportunities we see.
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: Okay, I will leave it at that.
Pat Woertz: I will just maybe add to that, Chris. You're starting to sound like you are asking questions, will there be huge new greenfield projects to be built in this time because people feel optimistic. We are not seeing signs of that. I think we are able in our business we can speak for ourselves to slow production to meet demand but invest for the longer term in areas that make sense for us longer term. So we feel good about the long-term and again cautiously optimistic here as we proceed through the rest of this fiscal year.
Chris Bledsoe  Barclays: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Hi. I just wanted to get an update on South America, particularly the way the farmer environment looks like coming out of the smaller fall crop and the drought environment, the credit environment, how does the soybean crop look, so John if you have kind of any overall thoughts, it would be great?
John Rice: With the higher soybean prices and cheaper real, it looks very positive currently for the Brazilian farmers. Now the Argentine farmer has different issues, so I guess that's the best way to answer that question.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: But what about from a credit extension perspective, have your policies changed at all over the last quarter?
John Rice: No, they have not.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: You're extending the same amount of credit today as you were three, six months, nine months ago?
John Rice: Yes.
Vincent Andrews  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. I think we all want to get on the biofuels call.
Pat Woertz: Okay. Thanks Vincent.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research Group.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Thank you. You said the ultimate tax on Wilmar is going to depend on the stock price of Wilmar. So you have somewhat of a natural hedge there I guess. If the stock moves up, actually if the stock moves up, you get the benefit of having higher values, but you are paying more tax. Do you think you will hedge out or lock in some certainty on what the tax will be by hedging the Wilmar stock?
Steve Mills: I think that is still a lot of uncertainty there and we have got more than one variable, it is more than just another Wilmar stock price. It is also US tax policy which is in flux. We have got exchange rates. And it is a little  the other piece of that is that the way we report our earnings here on US GAAP is that we are going to our percentage of their underlying earnings. It doesn't necessarily reflect what is going on with the stock price. So you're right, we could take some steps there, but we are going to continue to monitor it and we're also looking for ways to help mitigate this tax if possible. So lots going on here.
John Roberts  Buckingham Research Group: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Hi, guys.
Pat Woertz: Hi.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: With all the disasters talk of ethanol, I consider you guys pretty smart, what build the facilities?
Pat Woertz: What we thought  your question is why continue to finish the ones we have started?
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Yes. You're making it out to be like as a gloom and doom scenario and maybe it is, but if you believe that, why continue building your facilities, I must be missing something?
Pat Woertz: I hope you didn't hear doom and gloom. I think what you did here is some concern and discussion about what California has done recently but that we are engaged and the industry is engaged and we think we have very efficient facilities, including those that are under construction that would meet low carbon fuel standard intensity requirement. So I hope you didn't hear gloom and doom, you probably heard some responses to folks that painted a downside picture that has some percentage of being possible.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Because you did say ethanol margins are positive?
Steve Mills: It is cash flow positive.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then my understanding is you're saying there is still oversupply next year, but would you expect it to be positive margins or negative margins?
John Rice: With a billion gallons, maybe 1.5 billion gallons of order capacity, that I feel is getting us very close to balance supply and demand. You're going to always have a period of time where some plants are not going to be operating, out of locations, downtime, so we have got a billion gallons right now and the discretionary blending, I think we're getting closer to supply and demand balance.
Steve Mills: And our plants are going to, we feel are going to be some of the most cost effective, if not the cost-effective in the industry which should help them. And I think to your beginning question, one of our facilities is nearing completion, and we have taken steps on the other one to be prudent as we stand out to try to be as cost-effective as possible.
Ken Zaslow  BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate it.
Pat Woertz: Okay. Thanks Ken.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up question from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse Securities.
Pat Woertz: Rob?
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities: Can you hear me? I'm sorry  sorry to prolong, but you still have losses in your financial segment, are we going to lapse those at any time soon or see some kind of improvement anytime soon?
Steve Mills: It is hard to tell, Rob, but we certainly hope so. The hit this past quarter was principally from the managed funds which to the extent their underlying investments declined in the October to December quarter would have been expected just because of the general market turn down. So we're hopefully going to get those rebounded. I think as we mentioned before those are on a total bases are down under hundred million and winding down. So it seems like over the last few quarters there's been a variety of things, we have had managed funds. We have had the ag national insurance when we had a loss, so it has been a mixture of things, but we certainly want to get it back on the positive track.
Robert Moskow  Credit Suisse Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Steve Mills: You're welcome.
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up question from the line of Christina Mcglone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Steve, just a point of clarification, the Gruma losses are non-cash, but the Wilmar tax issues items are cash?
Steve Mills: They will be  yes, that is correct. They will be cash during the calendar year, it is not just we are going to write a check at one time, but it will be cash in the relatively short term. But you are absolutely right, the Gruma is non-cash.
Christina Mcglone  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Steve Mills: You're welcome.
Operator: ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Pat Woertz for closing remarks.
Pat Woertz: Thank you everyone. I won't delay anymore. We appreciate your questions. As you see, the upcoming events we have several investor conferences and we look forward to talking with you at our next call in August. Bye now.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad - Vice President, Investor Relations Patricia A. Woertz - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President Steven R. Mills - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John D. Rice - Executive Vice President, Commercial and Production
Analysts: Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Joe Gomez - Oppenheimer Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Antuan (ph) and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you Antuan. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we're webcasting our presentation this morning on our new website, adm.com, which you can also reach by accessing admworld.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two, the company's Safe Harbor statements, which says that some of our statements constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. The statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital, and actions of governments. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligations to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, or future events. Slide three lists the matters we will discuss at our conference call today. I will now turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Dwight and good morning everyone. I will begin with safety first. During the second quarter we reduced lost workday frequency by 10% and total recordable incidents by 18% compared to our fiscal 2008. To continue our improvements, we're implementing a values-based safety program at our ADM facilities around the world. Our financial results this morning; we reported quarterly net earnings of 585 million, up 24% from second quarter earnings of 473 million from a year ago, a great job by the ADM team for this fine results. Their insight into market dynamics, good risk management, good cost management all very good performance in particularly challenging markets. While our segment operating profit was down for the quarter, earnings per share increased to $0.91 per share after taking into account the impact of LIFO. Our Ag Services and Oilseeds Processing business continued to perform exceptionally well. We came into the quarter well positioned ahead of a weakening margins environment in these markets. Our Corn Processing segment declined. We saw losses in our Ethanol business as we experienced declining market prices, declining demand, and we wrote down our Ethanol inventories. Now, the Ethanol business is still challenging, while we did foresee the over building of some supply a while ago, we did not foresee the depth of this current economic crisis or the decline in gasoline demand. Incremental blending which in the past above the mandate which had been increasing nicely has substantially stopped. We do have good reason to believe in the longer-term opportunities for Ethanol as we work our way through this over supply situation, and we'll talk more about on that on the call. On the strategic front this quarter, integration efforts at are very important packaged oil joint venture with Associated British Foods, we announced that this last quarter, those integration efforts are going well. We recently announced the acquisition of the Schokinag Chocolate and Cocoa Powder business in Europe. And we've integrated our new Rapeseed Crush Plant in Southeast Germany into our European Oilseeds business. So that is complete. Now like every company in the world today, we do see evidence of the impact and ramifications of this economic downturn and we are dealing with it. We've discussed this environment with you in the past couple of calls. We do see challenges ahead. We are confidently adjusting our business model, accordingly we are slowing production in markets where demand has slowed. And we are looking carefully at our cost structure and critically at the timing and staffing of our projects. As a global producer of many basic and essential commodities I think ADM perhaps is better positioned than most to manage through economic downturn although, certainly we are not immune. Our balance sheet is very strong, we do remain focused on managing our operations, managing our risks, and executing our strategy. So, I'll hand it over to Steve now and we'll come back in a moment for Q&A. Steve?
Steven R. Mills: Thanks, Pat and good morning everyone. If you have already reviewed the slides accompanying this call, you will have noticed that we have made some changes to the format and content of the side deck. We hope you find the changes helpful. Starting off then at slide five, you will see our financial highlights for this quarter. Segment operating profit decreased $140 million or 15% this quarter as declines in bio products and in our other segments, more than offset the improved results of Oilseeds Processing and Ag Services. And I will go into more detail on the major segment operating profit changes in a few minutes when we cover slide 7 through 10. Quarterly net earnings and earnings per share increased 24% and 25% respectively as our lower segment operating profit was more than offset by a credit from the change in our LIFO inventory reserves which continued to fall in line with lower commodity prices. On an after-tax basis LIFO changes favorably impacted earnings this quarter by $0.12 per share compared to a charge of $0.22 per share during last year's quarter. In the appendix to the slide deck you will find more details, historical information by quarter of the impact of LIFO on earnings and on our RONA measure. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.2% down from just under 31% last year, due principally to changes in the geographic mix of our pre-tax earnings. As we look at the full fiscal year... look forward to the full fiscal year, we expect our tax rate to remain in that 29% to 30% range. And for the trailing 12 months, our ROE stands at 18.7% and our LIFO-adjusted RONA payment at 13.5%. Turning to slide 6; slide 6 shows the summary of our operating profit by segment and by sub-segment, detailing the changes in operating profit for both the quarter and six months. Let's turn straight to slide 7 to begin the review of each individual segment in more detail, starting with the Oilseeds Processing. Oilseeds Processing had another very strong quarter. On a year-over-year basis, quarterly operating profit for this segment rose 46% to 319 million, up from 219 million in the year-ago quarter. Crushing and origination results improved $46 million to $187 million, and from a crushing perspective, coming into this quarter, we had a good bit of business booked forward with good margins and we executed this business during the quarter. As the quarter moved along, we did experience a decline in crushing margins as product demand slowed and farmers continued to be reluctant sellers. Origination results remained strong for the quarter overall, and our fertilizer results decreased due to both lower sales volumes and margins. In our refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results, they improved globally, increasing 40 million to $86 million for the quarter, generally reflecting good refining margins in all geographic regions due in part to our diversification in both packaged oils as well as in bio diesel. Bio diesel results improved impart due to good demand on our Robinopolous Brazil facility. As you may recall this plant was still on startup mode during last year's second quarter. Additionally results for our second quarter of last year included asset abandonment charges of 15 million. Oilseed results in Asia increased $14 million for the quarter due principally to improved earnings of our equity investee, Wilmar International, Ltd. And as a reminder, we do record results from this investment one quarter in arrears. So this quarter for us includes Wilmar's September quarterly results which showed better palm and soy bean merchandising and processing income. As we look at current market conditions last year's U.S. soy bean crop was about 2.96 billion bushels and the carryout is projected at about 225 million bushels. Most projections are calling for somewhat smaller South American crop, of course the ultimate size of this crop will depend on the weather. Although soy bean supplies are likely to remain somewhat tight, which would encourage additional acres to be planted in the U.S. Global protein meal demand for calendar year 2009 is slowing. USDA projects that the growth in China will roughly offset declines in the rest of the world. 2008 protein meal demand grew at 3.6% rate and historical growth rate is 4% to 5%. For the U.S. census numbers, U.S.'s crushing rates are trending down in response to the slowing protein meal demand and slowing export demands. As we look at the board crush margins reflected in the future's market today, they generally reflect the cash margin environment. Again for the census, vegetable oil inventories were flat. In biodiesel, demand in Brazil was robust driven by the implementation of the B-3 mandate this past July and there is discussion of moving this mandate to B-4. And Germany has just moved its blending mandate to B-7. Moving to Corn Processing on slide 8; operating results for Corn Processing fell to $29 million for the quarter as operating conditions, especially in the bio-products business were extremely difficult this quarter. We continued working our way through higher net corn costs. We were able to generally maintain profitability for sweeteners and starches, as higher average selling prices and improved results of our international joint ventures compensated for the higher net corn costs. Ethanol margins collapsed during the quarter, as demand for transportation fuels dropped and gasoline prices declined. All the while net corn costs remained relatively high. Additionally, the excess ethanol industry production capacity and the resulting supply demand imbalance has kept a lid on selling prices. In addition, the falling ethanol market prices caused us to write-down the value of our ethanol inventory during the quarter. Looking at current market conditions; last year's U.S. corn crop of 12.1 billion bushels was the second largest crop on record. The carry out of 1.79 billion bushels should be an ample supply level. Lower year-over-year levels of carbonated soft drink consumption have resulted in reduced corn sweetener volumes industry wide. We realized a mid-single digit weighted average price increase for sweeteners and starches during our contract negotiations for 2009 and we're optimistic that this increase will result in improved margins in 2009. Currently, Ethanol's spot prices are $0.40 to $0.50 a gallon over unleaded gasoline. Although we are obviously experiencing challenges in the Ethanol business as the industry goes through its expansion on the way to supplying longer-term RFS requirements, we believe Ethanol is an attractive long-term market for ADM and a good long-term investment for our company. Let's now turn to slide 9 and review the operating performance of our Agricultural Services segment. Operating earnings for this segment once again reached record levels rising to $462 million for the quarter, an increase of 147 million or 47% from the second quarter of fiscal 2008. In merchandising and handling, we continue to benefit in the second quarter from our forward sales positions coming into the quarter and once again we are able to capture excellent results from opportunities arising from commodity price volatility. Our income from storage and drying also rose during the quarter as the large crops that were harvested and the relatively late harvest resulted in less field drying and required additional drying time at our elevators. Transportation results increased $20 million for the quarter due to an increase in barge revenue due possibly to higher freight rates. Volumes were comparable and operating costs were relatively unchanged as fuel costs leveled out. Looking at current market conditions, the soy bean harvest is starting in Brazil and we will see what opportunities arise from the uncertainties in the size of the South American crops. World wheat production reached a record 683 million metric tons last year, which enhanced the global supply of wheat stuffs. We see a good global supply of wheat. It's really too early to comment on U.S. farmer planning intentions, but we are confident our network will provide us with good insights region-by-region as we move towards the planting season. We do not see the same levels -- at this point in time we do not see the levels of disparity in this location in the grain markets that we have experienced in previous quarters. U.S. exports are still low compared to last year, soy bean exports are up but corn is down. Slide 10. Slide 10 has an operating profit analysis of our other segments which shows an overall decrease of $141 million from last year's second quarter. Our other processing business which by the way will include the results of our recent entry into sugarcane processing had decreased results due principally to the $40 million non-cash operating loss related to currency losses incurred by our equity investee, Gruma SA which we discussed with you on last quarter's call. Similar to our investment in Wilmar, we record our share of Gruma's result a quarter in arrears. So, our December results reflect Gruma's September quarter. Wheat processing results increased as margin improved on broadly comparable sales and production volumes. Cocoa processing results also increased due principally to better processing margins. In other financial we recorded a loss this quarter due primarily to put loss provisions at the company's at our captive insurance unit. In addition our futures commission merchant operation had reduced interest income and marketable security gains, and we have recorded lower earnings from our management investments as these investments continue to wind down. Our captive insurance operations which provides certain property, casualty, marine and other insurance coverages for ADM risk as well as for third parties recorded sizable loss provisions this quarter as a result of claims related to property damage. Principally loss is due to an explosion at our Destrehan export elevator facility in October. We also recorded losses in the captive for various ADM related business interruption claims including the spring 2008 floods. Looking at current market conditions, in the wheat flour milling area we see steady demand and the large North American wheat crop has provided ample milling quality wheat for the industry. Demand has flattened out in cocoa and we are seeing customers back off a bit on their forward purchase cover from traditional levels. Cocoa bean crop is similar in size to last years and the final outcome of Gruma's foreign currency derivative positions remained uncertain. Based on Gruma's press releases a partial settlement has been reached with one of the counterparties and that some additional loan funding has been secured to help finance the losses. We further understand they are still in negotiations to close out the remaining part of their position and reach settlement terms with their counterparties. Based on Gruma's public statement made back in October we are estimating that we will report further non-cash losses related to their foreign currency derivatives positions in our third quarter. Gruma has not yet released its December quarterly results. And as a note, our carrying value of our investment in Gruma as of December 2008 is approximately $250 million. Turning to slide 11. Slide 11 looks at the major components of our corporate line, which reflects income of $11 million for the quarter compared to last year's quarter's net expense of 270 million. With the continuing decline in commodity market prices between October and December, our LIFO inventory reserves decreased a further $123 million this quarter. Last year's second quarter LIFO charge of 225 million reflected the impact of increasing commodity prices during that time period. As you can see on this slide this is a swing of nearly $315 million pre-tax between the comparable second quarters, which equates to a swing of approximately $0.34 per share on an after-tax basis. Corporate investment income and expense decreased $70 million primarily due to an increase in interest expense related to our additional long-term borrowings. Decreased interest income both external and inter company due principally to lower interest rates and those items were partially offset by an increase in capitalized interest costs related to our large capital projects. Unallocated corporate costs and other were comparable quarter-over-quarter. Slide 12, moving away now from the operating segment view to the financial statement format, slide 12 reflects the statement of earnings highlights for the quarter and six months. Overall net sales and other operating income were relatively unchanged this quarter. Higher average selling prices due principally to the year-over-year increase and underlying commodity costs were offset by decreased sales volumes and by the foreign exchange translation effects caused by the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar. Thus profit increased $264 million or 28% this quarter to 1.2 billion due principally to the LIFO inventory reserve movement partially offset by the decreased segment operating profits that we just discussed. Selling, general, and administrative expenses varied by less than $1 million quarter-to-quarter as lower personnel related expenses and the impact of foreign currency translation on non-U.S. dollar denominated costs were offset by increased provisions for doubtful accounts. Other income and expense net had a swing of about $125 million quarter-over-quarter. And this line item is made up by external interest expense and investment income, gains and loses on marketable securities, earnings of our equity investees, and minority interest expense. Our interest expense net investment income increased due to the additional long-term expense and the reduced short-term income, equity earnings from affiliates was $31 million lower primarily related due to the Gruma loss, minority interest was $12 million higher and wheat and grains from sales and marketable securities fell by 13 million. Turning to slide 13, we selected some balance sheet items to highlight comparing our December 31 balance sheet with our June 30 year-end balance sheet. As shown here, our strong earnings for the first half of fiscal year and our reduced working capital requirements due to the drop in commodity prices have significantly impacted our balance sheet over the past six months. Operating working capital is down. Debt is down as you can see we have no commercial paper outstanding and our cash balances are out. Our net PP&E continues to rise due principally due to spending on our major seven capital projects. And now turning to our cash flow statement on slide 14. On slide 14 we've laid out the significant items impacting our cash flows for the six months and I will just touch quickly on a few of the larger items. As I just mentioned from the balance sheet highlights, cash generated from operations before the impact of changes on working capital was up nearly 50% to slightly more than $2 billion due principally to our record six month earnings. In addition, we generated another $3.8 billion of cash flow from changes in working capital requirements for the quarter primarily due to reduced inventory and receivable levels resulting from the significant decline in commodity prices. Our capital expenditures have been just over $1 billion for the first six months and just over $2.6 billion of debt, principally short-term commercial paper borrowing has been paid down so far this year. The key takeaways from slide 13 and 14 is that our balance sheet is getting stronger and that we continue to increase our financial flexibility. And we put a chart together on slide 15 that further illustrates our financial conditions. On slide 15, the blue bars depict our liquidity over the past 30 months in the terms of cash, short-term marketable securities, and available commercial paper capacity. You can see from the chart that we have come through the recent volatility in the commodities market with substantial liquidity and that our long-term debt-to-equity levels have returned to a much more comfortable 28%. We are well positioned to cope with market conditions as well as being well positioned for market opportunities both large and small, that may present themselves in today's challenging economic climate. Slide 16. Slide 16 provides an update of our current financial performance using return on equity and RONA return on net assets adjusted to LIFO. Both metrics are presented here on a rolling full quarter basis. And as you would expect with the decline in commodity prices our working capital asset base is declining, its moved here a bit by the rolling four quarters effect and our fixed asset base is rising in line with the expenditures on our major capital projects. RONA adjusted for LIFO now stands at 13.5% and ROE is at 18.7%, both solid numbers in the lights of the volatile market conditions we have seen and the significant amount of pre-productive capital that is currently on our balance sheet. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to Pat and we'll be glad to take your questions.
Patricia A. Woertz: Thank you, Steve. Operator, if you would please open the call for questions. John Rice, Steve Mills, and myself are here to respond.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Good morning everyone.
Patricia Woertz: Good morning Terry.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: I have two things this morning. Just in terms of the LIFO charge, a bit bigger than we were looking for. Can you break that down, was it more the composition of the inventories or the level of the inventories?
Steven Mills: Well Terry this calculation and this decline was principally priced. We don't adjust the volumes on a quarter-to-quarter basis for this calculation based on how the rules dictate how we do LIFO. So this is strictly a price decline in our LIFO based inventories?
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Okay. Then just in terms of cash on the balance sheet. Obviously there is quite a bit here. How would you characterize that Steve, is that more a measure of just prudence here or there has always been the question obviously as to why more -- there isn't more aggressive share repurchase and I know you guys are always on the look out for acquisitions. If you kind of give us your view on the need and the likelihood that the cash levels will stay where they are now?
Steven Mills: That's a good question Terry and the conservative folks here indicator like to have a little cash on the balance sheet to start with. We know we have a business that does have volatility from time-to-time. From the share repurchase perspective we've commented several times that the rating agencies have, in our discussions with the rating agencies, they have agreed for us to be able to be able to maintain our rating work at that and that share buybacks are going to be put on the shelf for the time being until we have a little more certainty over the future of commodity prices. So we've got cash on the balance sheet as you know most of that's build up here just recently and we've got it therefore whatever uses we needed it for.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Okay. Very good, I'll pass it along. Thank you.
Patricia Woertz: Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research. Please proceed with your question.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Steven Mills: Good morning, Christine.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just on the Ethanol industry, obviously things are a little tough there. I'm wondering if you are continuing on your plan relative to new capacity and if you could just comment on the write-downs in your Ethanol business?
John Rice: Our current plants are, yes, we are on pace to finish our ethanol plants. We still feel they are very well integrated with our wet-mill plants and will give us competitive advantage. Long-term we're still very positive to this industry, we saw there was going to be an overbuilding when everybody built up to about 15 billion gallons when their mandate was closer to 10. So, it has come to us as a surprise, but like in Steve's comments the slowdown in gasoline demand took us a little bit by surprise. For the long-term we still feel very positive about the industry.
Patricia Woertz: One thing I'll add, Christine, and then may be I'll ask Steve to comment on the Ethanol write downs. We are looking at all our projects. I think it's prudent to do so whether they're Ethanol or any of the other ones under construction to see anyway we can continue to optimize cost as they are built out. So that's something we'll update you on our capital projects at the next call particularly after the winter and also after all of our optimizing cost reduce. Steve on Ethanol inventories?
Steven Mills: Yeah on the inventories, Christine, of course we had falling market prices during the quarter and we took some write downs on the inventory we carried into the quarter as well as on some of the Ethanol we produced during the quarter which as prices went down and that over the quarter period, we estimate that at about 60 million for the pretax for the quarter.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Okay, and just in terms of the number of companies that are struggling here. Do you anticipate some rationalization of capacity, is that how you see currently the industry developing here and would you consider given some of these values of these companies getting involved where you might have some hole in your network?
John Rice: Well we feel the capacity right now is right around 12.9 billion, we have 2.7 billion shutdown in the industry. The industry is running right about at 10.2. The mandate this year is 10.5 and it will be 12 billion next year. Yes, we're always looking at opportunities, which plants make the most sense for us, which is a good location. Other plants we just don't think they fit into our long term strategy or make financial sense for us to invest in. So we're just going to stay away from those, but yes, we always are looking at different opportunities out there.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Patricia Woertz: Good morning.
Steven Mills: Hi Christina.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: My question has to deal with the liquidity that you highlighted Steve. I'm curious, I mean in my opinion you're probably the best positioned company in my universe to go through this global slow down and I can see you picking up a lot of distressed assets similar to that Rapeseed facility in Germany and I'm just curious where is your focus in terms of investment, where should we look for you to deploy capital?
Steven Mills: Well that's a great question and we appreciate the comment Christina. We believe we're well positioned as well of course as a global company. We're looking in all corners of the world, in all areas of the business. These as we all know are unprecedented times. So I hate to limit our scope anywhere either by geography or by line of business. I think our eyes are wide open right now.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: So, there is no point of focus like logistics or geography or increasing your product line if there is no specific point of focus?
Steven Mills: I don't think so, Christina because we know the value chain is there, so we've got opportunities all along the value chains. We're especially interested in opportunities that help leverage that chain even more than we do today, whether that's beyond the origination, transportation, processing new products. So, I think it's safe to say that we're not limiting ourselves here.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then are we still looking at 2 to 2.5 billion on CapEx for this fiscal year?
Steven Mills: Well, that's the pace we're on now and I think that's -- we'll probably still fit into that.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: And do you think in fiscal '10 since it is kind of right around the corner, will we see a step down or is that a continued level?
Steven Mills: I think we will be off of this 2 to 2.5 and the past comments a minute ago in this time of challenge, we're challenging ourselves from a cost and efficiency perspective to see what we can do to optimize our cost structure at our existing -- on our existing projects. But I don't think there is any question at this point in time we see that number falling off.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Steven Mills: But, we're not through with our look forward process for 2010.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Patricia Woertz: And if I may add to that, there is deflation in the markets out there and to the extent there are some parts in their equipments, field, labor even that we have not locked in there is a chance to again optimize those costs on these projects and we are challenging, and John made several visits even recently this past week in defining and identifying further cost optimization while still being able to complete these projects.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And John, you talked about being slightly short of the mandate this year, will it just be satisfied by wins and ethanol coming in through the Caribbean or is there any risk to modification of RFS this year?
John Rice: I don't think there is any risk to this modification of the RFS. They all have to do with what our Bob and the plant markets are versus the ethanol market any given time. If the other day the unleaded gas spikes up $0.15 a gallon, people may start blending more ethanol. So, it's kind of a moving target, but I think right now using the 10, 5 blend is a pretty good number.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: And do you know how many wins exist?
John Rice: I do, but not off the top of my head.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I'll follow-up, I'll find. Just last question, Steve it sounded like, when you were talking about Ag Services and oilseeds, you had gone into the quarter with certain positions and now they seem to have rolled off, so should we be looking at a significant sequential decline in both of those businesses, from here?
Steven Mills: I'll let you draw the conclusions from my comments.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Patricia Woertz: Thanks Christina.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research. Please proceed with your questions.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Steven Mills: Good morning David.
John Rice: Hi David.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: John, I would like to pick up where Christina left off there on the comments that you all made in the prepared script about Ag Services and Oilseeds. This is a vital point, because the question that I think probably most of us are getting all the time is the sustainability and profitability starting number one in Ag Services and then secondly in Oilseeds, as it has pertained to, maybe, similar trends from Ag services. So the question here is, is it accurate that in your comments what you guys have said is that and again this kind of follows out of my questions from the last conference calls, you saw really exceptional conditions in the market place prior to the U.S. soy bean harvest. That led to a wonderful opportunity for ADM which you capitalized on and we've seen now two quarters in a row a fairly spectacular profitability within Ag Services and in Oilseed Processing. But again, if we hear you are right what you're saying is that is kind of coming to its end and you said I think and this is what I'm really hoping you'll clear up here is that as the quarter progressed new business that's being booked is being booked at much lower margins? John can you give us some understanding as to what this market looks like?
John Rice: Yes, the first thing I want to say is everyday we come into this office and we always look at new opportunities. What is out there? What opportunities can ADM take advantage of today? So to say what's going to happen forward is always a little tough. But when you look at the facts and that's what you're asking about, we're seeing lower meat demand, poultry numbers are down, layer numbers are down. We're not seeing the corn exports out of the United States. We saw a rain in Argentina overnight so their crops start going to get a little better, (inaudible) to get a little a little bit more rain. So I mean you always have dynamics that are always changing at any given day and any given week. We're always looking at those. But when you look at the numbers and that's where I think you asked me about last time was demand is down, we're seeing a slowing in the economy, people are not eating out as much. So, yes, we would think that over the time that margins and we've slowed down our crushing operations. Margins have deteriorated from last year.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Okay. When I cut the numbers at different direction and I look at just the processing operations, this quarter seems to have shown when take oil seeds, the corn processing, cocoa, and wheat, put it all together and just look at the run rate, you know, for all of '08 Pat, you guys regenerated about 65% of your profitability from the processing ops and I've always thought that that was the elements that were, the kind of the good elements because we would have some confidence that they have an ongoing sustainability, that number has dropped to less than half the profitability for the current quarter, so it feel like its just confirming a number of these statements, would you guys agree with that?
Steven Mills: We're.
Patricia Woertz: No, you go first.
Steven Mills: It's always a little tough because we always look at everything to our total value chain. We're really sole integrator, we break our businesses down, but we work together so closely in all our businesses globally, so at times where somebody may end-up buying soy beans in the Ag Services area that can easily transfer over to the Oilseed area. So that's a little tough to just break it and try to slice it that fine, in my opinion.
Patricia Woertz: I think your comment now David is fair that processing in general as we said is down. So you'd argue that any part of the value chain that is down while you hope and see opportunities where other parts can pickup, there are the facts that processing in down, yeah.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Okay. Just one final question and I'll pass it along. We've seen a rather spectacular decline in shipping freight rates, can you comment on what type of impact that has on Archer Daniels?
John Rice: It hasn't had a real large impact on ADM here lately. We've -- its really had more of an impact on cheaper products to our customers or some freights gone from lets just say $100,000 down to 5 to $75,00 a day. I mean it does impact us on dispatch to and to merge, but to say that it really impacts us in any particular time, currently its not. But we are looking at longer term targets also right now.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: John.
John Rice: At rate so it could help us.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: If I just translate, just I want to tie off one risk that I get asked about a lot. It's not like people should think that ADM was substantially long freight and that upon a decline in these marketplaces, that that's a significant negative to you, you're saying that you can mitigate those types of issues and that you're not, it's not a big negative to ADM, is that a fair characterization?
John Rice: I am sorry, David.
Steven Mills: I'll jump in there a little bit, David. But freight is a component that's -- we have to deal with freight everyday and some people could see it as another commodity. We have to manage that. But we again, just like all of our other businesses I think we have extremely good risk management around that. We're -- so there is always some exposure, but I think we're comfortable with how we have managed the risk through on this freight.
Patricia Woertz: I might also comment, David that as fright rates were extremely high, we took a lot of that management risk from our customers and did a lot more shipping to destinations. So we kind of have understand the business and I think we are in a good position to manage that cost and that commodity at a good time.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: So it doesn't sound like a big concern. Okay. Thank you very much for all the answers.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, David.
John Rice: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, everyone.
Patricia Woertz: Hi, Ken.
Steven Mills: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I know you don't manage your call or anything to the stock price or anything is that, and I find that extremely respectable. What I'm trying to figure out is how to give you credit for the Ag Services business. And what I'm trying to get at is over the last six quarter, the Ag Services business has generated an average profitability of say $320 million give or take a couple of million dollars. Can you just talk to what has actually changed in this business if I go back five years ago, four years ago, we are not even close to that number. Is there something that you've done, is there something that's changed, or is it just that the market condition has just created opportunities, is there hiring, is there risk management, what has changed?
Patricia Woertz: Well, let me start and then I'll let our guys boast a little bit about their own capabilities. I think we've been building on our capabilities in Ag Services both the human capability as well as physical assets, which you know included in this area are storage, transportation, drawing facilities, port facility. We have built that out to be able to deal with markets and market conditions and market disruptions, that are the kinds of opportunities you described in these many several quarters where we have had extraordinary earnings. In addition because of the credit issues in the market I think our strong credit ratings are strong, if you will balance sheet in customer relations, origination relations have been an advantage to us both on the cost and the access to working capital required to continue our merchandising and crop origination in a way that some people don't have access to this liquidity that we have. So, I think it's a clear longer term strength, but I think it's a strength that has shown out and worn out in this time of volatility.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So have you hired more people and adjust the infrastructure? Is there some sort of quantification of something that you can help us -- and again I'm trying to be on your side on this, I just can't, market is not going to give you credit for something we can't forecast in anyway. I am just trying to figure out if there is some sort of a change over the last two years besides the market conditions?
Patricia Woertz: Well, let me -- let John and Steve comment too.
Steven Mills: We've had -- Ken as you know; we've had very good --
John Rice: Or something good, its very high volatility here in the last couple of years in these markets and with just different areas of the world not having crops and our ability to be able to move crops from one area to the other area and our communication. We have a very good staff of people working around the globe, working together, coordinating to make sure everything works together, and our group has just done an excellent job here in the last two to three years. I just have to give them a lot of accolades for all of that.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Alright.
Patricia Woertz: You asked about additional people. I think we have had additional if you want to call it training as well as experience in these very difficult markets and I'll give John credit for it and the team for all that they've done to work through and actually even work through mistakes as well as work through successes to really develop a higher capability. I think we do have a higher capability than we had say five years ago?
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. In terms of the volumes and this may not be a huge point, but Oilseed Processing was down about 5%. When we think about crushing going forward we only think about utilization rates, something that's often forgotten. I see the spreads and you guys see the spreads, but utilization rates, does this imply that there is a slowing of your utilization rates, is there something to that we should be little bit more cautious on, is that an issue that we should think about?
Steven Mills: Well Ken, the answer to that question is yes. The deals on utilization rates for both the industry and ourselves are slowing. And it's simple because demand is slowing down. And where we stay at -- kind of everyone is slowing.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So how does the industry manage to do that. Will you be -- will the industry be reducing capacity? Will you be turning off different facilities or you will only work certain days a week. How does that play out over the next -- again I see the processing companies obviously cutting productions. So I'm assuming or do you swap it around the country, the world. How does it play out?
John Rice: That depends. We will look at our operations what makes the more sense cost effectiveness. Whether we run as planned at 10/4, whether we just run it slow, whether we take more through our maintenance now as opposed during the summer time, and what we think about the long-term demand. So we'll mange each plant differently region-by-region, South America has been running slow just because we're just starting harvest now and now they're starting to pick up their crush rate. Europe we've had to run a little harder just because we've had bio diesel demand over there, bio diesel sales on the books. In United States, we've had slower protein and oil demand. So we had to run our plan slower. So it's something we have managed on a weekly basis. We're always constantly looking at it. The world is on a hand-to-mouth basis buying wise right now. People come in today for put them all to ship. So, that will add a little bit more volatility also in the market going forward and how you manage and run our operations.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So, you don't want to give us any specifics?
John Rice: Balance changes if I -- we're not running all our plants in a 10/4, we're not running them all slow. Some plants have better operations, so we may run one plant a little harder and some plants maybe located right in the middle of the poultry region and doesn't see the meal demand, so he may not run us hard.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Patricia Woertz: Yeah. One thing to add to that Ken as you get off the call. More than 200 plants around the world, there is the opportunity to do this differently, depending on the regional expectations and the regional demand in the area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Patricia Woertz: Hi, Vince.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I got a couple of quick ones and then I might try my hand at the Ag Services issue. And the first is, has anything changed either from your perspective in terms of farmer credit availability in South America or the industry's perspective? Are you lending more now than you were maybe last quarter or the quarter before?
Steven Mills: I will start with that and if anyone wants to join me here. But we've historically been a lender to the South American farmer either cash or inputs and that the amounts of that have increased year-over-year since we've been in the business. So we continue to participate there as well as I believe some of the others in the industry but it is somewhat depended on their own individual resources, and one of the big factors is the banking system in Brazil and its availability of cash for the farmers. But from our particular situation, we continue to lend and we have continued to increase that lending year-over-year.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But given that you say that your fertilizer volume in Brazil being down is it reasonable to assume that that's a function of your lending being down as well?
Steven Mills: No, I don't think that's fair. I mean our -- the pre what we call pre-financing which again is partially inputs and partially cash, is they are really to help us secure the crop in the long-term. So, it's not necessary a specific issue to fertilizer, that is one component. But our overall pre-financing has continued to go up.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then on Ethanol, I couldn't tell from your comments but the issues that affected you in this quarter as you just reported, it sounds like some of them are going to linger into the next quarter. But can you give us a sense about whether you will be profitable in Ethanol and bio products in the coming quarter?
Patricia Woertz: It is all tough and its hard to say maybe I will start at some, it's a little hard to say what probably will. It really depends on how gasoline demand goes. Whether there is continued incremental blending rate, a little bit of an increase in incremental blending. It depends where the balance of the supply-demand comes out. If there is even lower ethanol demand, as a result of just slower gasoline demand that will affect us. When you think about when the balance of production and the new RFS requirements come into play, that should be early 2010.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
John Rice: We see more plants shutting down. It seems like every week, but everybody is still currently -- its seems like if they buy corn today, they turn around, they want to sell their ethanol today and they put in there as long as they make a little bit of cash flow. So margins are very difficult in this environment right now.
Steven Mills: And I guess I'll just add from the inventory write downs that we took during the quarter. If you make the assumption that prices don't go down further, we should not see the impact of write downs, because that's my definition, so again we'll have to see where it goes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: What if the prices go up, what you -- is there inventory that you would have to write up?
Steven Mills: We wouldn't write it write it up, but it would be sold at a margin.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And were any of those write downs related to third party. In the last quarter you talked about benefiting from some third party ethanol margin that you started to do and you didn't mention that this quarter. So I just wanted to tie those two things together?
Steven Mills: No. Most of the sale of third party is for the most part back-to-back.
John Rice: I mean its not a big component of our inventories.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay and then my understanding is that there is about 1.5 million win credits out, a billion win credits out there and in current economics, lot of people are speculating that those will all get used, which would, John you said that there is 10:2 of capacity still in play right now, it makes it sound like there a lot -- if all those win credits are going to get used, that 10:2 number is going to come down. Do you feel like given your cost position, your balance sheet through a liability distribution systems that from a volume perspective your contribution to that reduction in sales volumes would come pro rata with your market share or that you given probably being a better supplier, or a more reliable supplier given those attributes that you probably would not given up volume. Does that make sense?
John Rice: Yes, currently I do not see us giving up any volume. We feel we have a cost advantage in the market. We also have a distribution advantage in the market. We are trading gallons with other people, which helps supplements the market also, but at this time we feel under the current marketing conditions we would not be slowing down our operations.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay and now I'll take a crack at Ag Services and my way of looking at it is going to be as Ken noted five out of the last six quarters, you have had just kind of outsized results, and you kind of gotten up to a mid-single digit operating margin which is not outrageous by any stretch of the imagination. I mean, why shouldn't that margin be sustainable on a go forward basis, why shouldn't you just be able to charge more for your services?
John Rice: As long as the volumes are there in any particular market, you are exactly right. If volume gets to be as like in United States this year where we do not have the export volumes coming out you tend to have a little bit more excess capacity down at New Orleans. Now the Hurricane took out one of our facilities so that did tighten capacity back up a little bit. One thing about Ag Services, we have to remember its all the way from buying from the farm, taking it through our elevator, taking it through our transportation for the nana barges, trading wheat in Europe, trading wheat in Ukraine, buying it out of Australia, I mean it's our great big world out there and there is a lot of different factors in this that all add up just with our volumes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. I'm just surprised that you guys aren't a little more bullish given it appears the crop in South America is going to be a little more difficult -- it's going to be difficult and probably smaller which seems like we present...
Steven Mills: You know with the rains last night, all the sudden we are feeling better about the Argentine crop and the Brazilian crop.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Steven Mills: So its always a moving target. Now the exports long about April move out of the United States and soy beans and start coming out of South America. So that can affect our North American Ag Service and we'll start exporting those soy beans out of either Argentina or Brazil.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I was just thinking given your size I think you are the best.
Patricia Woertz: One thing Vincent, maybe a good way to think about it is you can plan a little bit and you can hear our comments about what we think some of the opportunities will be. But we manage this in real time. This is a big real time business and we'll just have to see where the weather and the opportunities are.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much for all that and I will pass along.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Gomez with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Gomez - Oppenheimer: Good morning.
Steven Mills: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Gomez - Oppenheimer: I was wondering if you might be able to provide a little more color, a little detail about the increase in the provision for doubtful accounts. I know back in December you didn't seem to be too worried on that and the counterparty risk. I was just wondering if you could provide some more color there?
Steven Mills: Well, we always worry, that's my nature, that's my job here is to worry about these kinds of things. And as we've said several times today we're a big company but lots of risks. We don't think we have anything significant but there isn't any question that it's a tougher world out there economically for all of our counterparties. And so as we always do, we're very prudent in our approach, we were careful, we've had a touching word here that we have not historically had significant problems, we don't anticipate them. But as we go through these kinds of times, we do set -- we set up provisions and its not a material amount but in that call Joe we were just describing SG&A which hadn't moved much on a quarter-over-quarter basis, to extent that we haven't had reduced personnel related expenses which is a good thing. The offset to that, the majority of that item came out of provision but it's not a significant number.
Joe Gomez - Oppenheimer: Okay. And I was wondering if you might be able to talk a little bit, may be provide some additional detail on the acquisitions of the German chocolate manufacturing, the kind of what size the acquired business is?
John Rice: So the chocolate -- it's in the Industrial Chocolate Business in Mannheim Germany. It also -- we are looking at that operation and how does it fit in, maybe we'll able to consolidate some of our other operations to make the whole European chocolate manufacturing more efficient. So, it's just really is our long term strategy to get more into the industrial chocolate was really the main reason behind that acquisition.
Steven Mills: Yes and I will just chime in here, it's a good fit both from what it does and where it does. Of course it's still subject to clearance by the relevant anti-trust authorities in Europe, so, the closing on the deal will be timed on that. But we're excited about this opportunity again. We think it's a great fit.
Joe Gomez - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks.
Steven Mills: You're welcome.
Patricia Woertz: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi.
John Rice: Hey, Rob.
Steven Mills: Hey, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, how are you doing? On the RONA target for 13%, can you give us a little more color on what your targets might be per division, was it -- on the Ag Services side, do you have a RONA target for those assets, is it lower than the rest of the portfolio?
Steven Mills: No, we don't have those targets by segment. We -- as we look at our business, as one line of business one value chain, so we don't go and do that.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. But aren't margins at least typically higher in certain elements of your business, can you give us any kind of sense of how to think about the disparities of how those businesses work or you don't look at it that way?
Steven Mills: No, I think there is several ways to look at it. As we evaluate each of the business, there is always a different mix of assets we've got, for example, Ag Services carries a lot more working capital, processing divisions by definition have more fixed assets, but we look at -- as we look at projects here and returns, we are looking at every project one at a time, look at it as a standalone, we look at it how it leverages the rest of the business. So, we test, we clearly test every decision to see how it fits into the whole.
Patricia Woertz: If you look at IRR, pay back, as well as RONA for any particular set of projects and as Steve said, it really depends on how it fits.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And just one quick follow up, on corn you actually sound a little more optimistic than I thought on the profitability outlook for corn syrup. Are you saying that the higher selling prices plus maybe some by-product credits are helping you there? I thought that the by-product values were very, very weak in corn and that would actually hurt profitability going forward. Are you seeing something different?
John Rice: By-products credits are less but also corn's down from a time. We are seeing lower oil prices, lower DDGs and meal prices. But I don't think its anything out of the ordinary. I guess what I am more concerned about maybe this year is just the volumes. We are seeing lower volumes in starches, we're seeing lower volumes in soft drinks. So maybe the operations may have to run a little less which could raise our operating cost, so that would be a little bit of a concern, I guess on our side.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: If corn continues to track down from here, John, do you think that would be a benefit to your margins going forward?
John Rice: We always like to say that cheaper corn is benefit for our margins.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you. Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz of Soleil Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Good morning everyone.
Patricia Woertz: Hi, Ian.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: I assume that the lack of update on the capital projects means that kind of everything is still kind of going on track and on course?
Patricia Woertz: I would say the lack of update is more -- it's the middle of the winter here. So one question is we always try to update once we get to the spring. Secondly, as I mentioned we're kind of reviewing all relative to optimizing costs. We think we can find some optimization here in some of this deflation area time. We will update you on the next call as far as anything we learn with that review.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Steve, in the past you guys have offered up cost per metric ton produced, are you guys not going to be delivering that segment anymore?
Steven Mills: I don't think that we're going to do that. We put it out there. There is no question, cost is a important to us, but that particular metric just didn't seem on a consolidated combined basis that when we look at cost it's more from an internal perspective. That number just didn't seem to be working on the outside, which we have and just as an addition we have established a cost team in the organization that is poring through every cost, everywhere looking for best practices, prices that we can optimize. So it's always been a focus of ADM in my long career here, and I think it will always continue to be. But we just thought that the metric itself just wasn't -- didn't turnout to be as useful as we thought it would.
Patricia Woertz: And each organization has cost metrics that are really valuable to them, but one across the entire organization per metric ton we thought was a short at it. I'm not sure how useful it really was. So we continue to look for one that works for all of ADM, but frankly what really works is the ones with the individual plant, the organization than the individual business segments.
John Rice: So we thought just even currencies played so much would affect the cost per metric ton. The metric itself exactly like Pat said just doesn't seem to work out like we anticipated.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Okay, understood. Steve, in this upcoming, actually in the second calendar quarter, will we see the reduction in debt on your balance sheet due to the, because of the Telles JV?
Steven Mills: I guess I didn't follow that completely. I'm sorry.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: When the Metabolix JV comes on line, which I think is in the calendar second quarter of '09, will we see a debt that you're carrying on your balance sheet move into the Telles JV or would have no effect on your balance sheet?
Steven Mills: It will have really no impact on the balance sheet. The way the JV works, we're pretty much the funding mechanism for this, so we don't see much change when that comes on.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Those costs associated don't then move into some sort of off balance sheet Telles financial statement?
Steven Mills: No, we had essence ADM is a creditor to the joint venture. And I mean eventually the joint venture will be a standalone company and once it gets rolling etcetera but it won't have any material change to our balance sheet.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Okay.
Steven Mills: When we see our future.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Okay. And then question for John. We see something 2 plus billion shut in of capacity right now in the Ethanol business. I am just wondering what your opinion is on how this will kind of roll-out, I would assume that some of this capacity just never becomes or has a difficult time kind of surviving through this environment. But do you see that there is some portion of this capacity rolling back online possibly in different ownership structures as demand kind of rose?
John Rice: Actually the possibility is for all that. We've been through this in lot of our industries over the history of the company. For everybody, the exuberance of this industry, everybody just comes out and builds the plant without the financial backing and knowing that things are going to turn around and turn negative for a little bit of the while. We when -- as Steve said we came in with our eyes wide open, and we felt like we're going have a downturn in this industry for a short period of time. Somebody's plants I don't feel yes, we will start backup others probably will start backup with new ownership. A lot of it has to do with the cost structure, how well they can manage their corn position and get the ethanol to the different markets around the United States, do they have the infrastructure to be able to handle that, and do they have the wherewithal to be able to handle the byproduct credits. It's not just what the byproduct credit is in their local market but what's the whole world situation. So that's where we are at that gives us I think our distinct advantage in this whole market.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Yeah and I kind of agree and so when I look at the difficulties that may present themselves for the remainder of this calendar year in Ethanol and how that the mandate will be serviced in 2009. When you agree that in 2010 we are kind of -- we are going to be a much more physical market and those kind of left with large position of the capacity we will be able to take advantage of potentially a much better environment where this won't be as much of a credit driven market as it will be truly inclined with the physical mandate?
John Rice: Yes, the numbers right now would indicate that, that near the end of 2009, early 2010 that the market should come back into more balanced supply and demand.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Okay.
John Rice: And the rents (ph) won't be carried over either.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Alright. So 2010 I mean the way it is structured right now will have zero excess rents, correct?
John Rice: I don't know if zero is the right number. But potentially yes.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: I don't know if zero right answer but something significantly less than we have now.
John Rice: Correct.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: And then the last question, I will get back in queue. Can you give us some indication of enforcement of this RFS, what we are hearing is that kind of everything has been shelved for the time being with the new administration about how to on all different kinds of the policies. And I'm not quite sure with the timing of an enforcement program and how or why blenders are -- you've been concerned about RFS right now when there is no economic incentive to blend ethanol and there is no enforcement of the mandate?
Patricia Woertz: Well, two things and one is, I think the current administration as they look towards their whole set of priorities when you look at the energy piece, there is support to continue not only the RFS but continued support for bio fuels in general first and second generation and implementation or enforcement there of. So, that's -- as a general statement, that's not a lot of specifics. And your other part of the question was just related to what incentive, I mean blenders need to meet mandated requirements and then it is an economic incentive above that to blend greater balance.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Why do they need to meet mandated requirements now when there is no enforcement of -- there is no real penalties for missing blend levels?
Patricia Woertz: No, they're complying with the rules and we're seeing that in the market, we're seeing compliance.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Okay, thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Patricia Woertz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bledsoe with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Good morning.
Patricia Woertz: Hi Chris.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: You had mentioned just a couple of months back, I think it was in Cedar Rapids about doing more work on replacement costs. I was just wondering if you had -- where you are on that analysis, if there are any interesting findings on it, and probably most importantly whether your share price currently implies discount to the implied enterprise value?
Steven Mills: Frankly, we haven't spent a lot of time on it Chris. And along with the priorities, it just hasn't risen high enough to do it. So it's a fair question and we'll put it in the queue, but it's just not at the top of the list right now.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Okay. Also it sounds to me just from listening to your prepared remarks, there was sort of an element of maybe managing expectations, a bit about the outlook and I can certainly understand, where that would be coming from with the magnitude of the macro headwinds that are sort of out there. But in recent quarters, you've put up some outsized gains, and it seems to me that has really been driven in those small part by the organizations intellectual capital, so risk management and proprietary activities. Are you basically now saying I guess that the and I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I'm just trying to understand if you're now saying that the organization, just from kind of intellectual capitals perspective maybe didn't enter pay views of the magnitude or the duration of some of the macro headwinds in this current downturn and that therefore we shouldn't expect these outsized gains in coming quarters?
Patricia Woertz: Well Chris, first of all, we're not trying to manage expectations. We're trying to share with you everything we can relative to our knowledge about the markets that are relevant to our analysis both looking back and then sharing current market conditions. So, we know a lot about markets, but markets change and the investment in the intellectual capital we'll say that we can capture those market changes as they occurred taking advantage of our network and understanding where products are needed, but you can't forecast something that don't you know the extent of the change. So yes, that intellectual capital is there to do and absolutely optimize and I think excel at that risk management, at that use of the network but markets change.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Okay. So I certainly understand. And it's not so much a change even that I am sort of asking about rather than sort of... I mean it was more kind of extraordinary event in prior quarters, a thing that you were able to sort of take advantage of in some of those simply not repeating themselves necessarily or from intellectual capital perspective not necessarily being able to repeat those types of gains but I certainly understand what you're saying, it really just depends on the opportunities as they present themselves and that's not necessarily something that you can forecast.
Patricia Woertz: Yes, you said that quite well. And I am not saying we can't repeat it, so I am just saying we don't know markets change.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Okay, I understand. And then if I sort of contrast that to some of your peers who looking at calendar 2009 and I think anticipating a back half recovery and may be that's not so much comment about just kind of intellectual capital and the ability to get themselves on the right side of the trade as much as it is just the broader macro environment expecting a back half recovery. Is that based on what you are seeing in your major end market and a sort of a level of duress that you understand some of these end markets to be in right now. Is that even a reasonable expectation for a kind of back half recovery, setting aside what it may mean or may not mean for ADM results, just from a more macro perspective?
Patricia Woertz: Well, who knows in some cases we -- I often ask when I am with different colleagues whether it is ADM or (inaudible). Where we in the second or third inning of this game or are we are in the ninth inning of this game and the answer is everything in between including whatever particular market you are involved with, if you are involved in electronics business, you have a different view than if you are involved in Ag, you have a different view if you are involved in Europe or Asia than you might in the U.S. So I think it really depends, certainly we can't speak for our competitors, but I think that the basics message about ADM strength is that if it's a lengthier recovery or even a sooner recovery, we're extremely well positioned to and with the strong balance sheet to be able to work through this all if even if its short or lengthier and hopefully even increase our shareholder value with the opportunities presented.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then my last question would just be, in looking at Ethanol profitability relative to Sweetener profitability, this seems to be at least in the recent memory the biggest, kind of disconnect with HFCS type of returns and sweetener type of returns right now are pretty healthy for '09 but with Ethanol obviously very depressed. So I think you used to get the question, are you concerned about capacity swinging into sweetener, so I guess I'm curious still on that front but also even beyond just swinging of capacity, are there ethanol producers that are in enough duress right now where they maybe looking kind of just salvage value of their asset and what percent of the assets, of the equipment going into in Ethanol facility, what percentage of that equipment can actually be applied to sweetener end market?
John Rice: To take a dry mill and make a sweetener product, very little of it, it will just be the elevator. It would be about the only portion of it. I don't see any of these Ethanol plants that takes a lot more capital to get into dextrose sweeteners. Lot of these other products that I don't see any of these plants doing that. All the contracting is done before 2009. I did mention where we -- there seems to be less volume in starches and sweeteners, so people may be running their plants a little less. We are -- that's why we are constantly looking at new produces we can make from corn such as PHA. We have Propylene Ethylene Glycol plant coming on, Lysac, it's a superabsorbent. So we are always constantly looking at other products we can make from corn to help expand our corn and try and give us more flexibilities just for cases like this. Some of those will come on maybe this year and other's down the path, but that's what we are constantly looking at, for any type of environment because we are always lined up -- try the long term to increase our corn so when the demand's down it does effect our profitability and operating cost.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: I think its the other day that a competitor of your had commented on your Ethanol plant that they have got coming online and the flexibility to swing capacity but its still your view that that's essentially as zero sum if you are some game, I do understand the swinging of capacity?
John Rice: Any swinging of wet mill or dry mill capacity?
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Dry mill capacity?
John Rice: I think it's zero sum game.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Yes, okay. Alright, well thank you.
John Rice: Thanks Chris. Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Pat Woertz.
Patricia Woertz: Very good, thank you everyone for your questions and our comments today. We look forward to seeing many of you at Tangney which of course will be later this month. We've that noted in the last slide there, as far as our Tangney date and the next state of our next call. Thank you, bye-bye. Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad - VP IR Pat Woertz - Chairman and CEO John Rice - EVP, Commercial and Production Steve Mills - EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Ann Gurkin - Davenport David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities John Roberts - Buckingham Research  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter 2008 Archer Daniels Midland Company Earnings Call. My name and Francis and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session toward the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for todays call, Mr. Dwight Grimestad Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Francis. Good morning and welcome to ADMs fourth quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting our call and that you can access it at ADMs website www.admworld.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide two to the companys Safe Harbor Statement which says, that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect managements current views and estimate of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. The statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, markets conditions, operating efficiency, access to capital and actions of governments. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different result. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update and any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide three lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today. As you turn to slide four, I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Pat Woertz: Thank you and good morning everyone. I would like to offer a few comments on the year and then I will turn it over to Steve. I will begin with a safety moment. In 2008, we continued to make safety improvements. We reduced our lost workday frequency by 22% in 2007, and we reduced our total recordable incident rate by 12%. We introduced a behavioral safety program and we bought additional new leadership to further improve our safety processes, standards and metrics. We still have progress to make and will continue to work toward our goal of zero incidents and zero injuries. Turning to financial results, this year, net earnings decreased 17% from 2007 to $1.8 billion, due to the absence of last year's one-time gain, and Steve will discuss this in a moment. Revenues increased 59% to $69.8 billion, and we achieved record segment operating profit of $3.4 billion.  These results reinforce that we have great assets and great people. Given the exceptional set of global opportunities this year, they delivered an excellent year. Highlighted by our third consecutive year of record segment operating profit, in fact, all three of our key segments, I think for the first time earned around $1 billion. Our results reflect our team's ability to execute our core business and use our global network to meet market challenges amid very fluid and very diverse conditions. During this past quarter, our ability to do this was tested when flooding disrupted the water supply and rail service throughout the Midwest. It affected our Cedar Rapids plant for much of the month of June. Despite a complete shut down for seven days at the plant, our team quickly leveraged our processing and transportation network, they used our trucks to stand in for rail service and we provided uninterrupted supply of product to our customers. By the 1st of July, Cedar Rapids was back safely, fully online. Throughout the year, we faced changing market dynamics. We took sensible, focused, short and long-term actions that strengthened our integrated business portfolio. We strengthened our balance sheet and increased our financial flexibility. We continue to rationalize or non-core assets and we reorganized internally creating a more aligned and performance driven culture. Looking ahead, we continue to have great people and great assets. Today, they are deployed against what we do see is a very different set of opportunities. We will talk about current conditions as we go through each segment. As you know and we know, these factors can change quickly, so while we describe current market conditions, what we do know is our assets are well positioned, and our people are prepared to seek out and capture value as crop supplies and market needs evolve. Overall, I am extremely pleased with the progress of our company this year, and certainly as we look to our long-term opportunities and strategy, we remain very optimistic.  Now I will turn it over to Steve.
Steve Mills: Thanks, Pat and good morning, everyone. I will start with slide five. I would first like to take a look at a couple of key items that impacted the comparability of our 2008 and 2007 full year's net earnings. As Pat mentioned earlier, net earnings for the year declined as compared to last year due to the absence of last year's one-time gains on sales of assets which you will recall were Agricore United, our Arkady bakery business and several marketable securities, and we also recognized a non-cash gain on the contribution of several of our Asian Joint ventures in exchange for Wilmar limited shares. In addition, the impact of this year's rising commodity prices on our LIFO based inventories created an after-tax charge of 358 million for this year, compared to a LIFO charge of 129 million last year, and as you can see, the resulting net earnings after specified items is $2.2 billion in 2008 compared to $1.7 billion for 2007. Moving to slide six, you will see our statement of earnings highlights for this quarter. Net sales and other operating income increased 78% in the quarter to $21.8 billion. Following the trend we have seen in recent quarters, nearly 90% of this increase was attributable to increases in selling prices, primarily resulting from the significant increase in underlying commodity costs. The remaining 10% of the increase in sales revenue was due to higher sales volumes. Gross profit grew approximately 12% for the quarter to $807 million, as overall operating margins improved. Partially offsetting these margin improvements were increased manufacturing costs, especially for energy and fuel. Selling, general, administrative expenses increased $54 million or 18% this quarter from a year ago. Approximately a fourth of this increase relates to the effects of foreign currency translation on expenses incurred outside the U.S., and the remaining increases being a variety of lesser factors, including additional bad debt reserves and increases in employee related expenses. In the fourth quarter of last year, the gains of sales of non-core assets and securities, and the gain resulting from the exchange of our Asian joint ventures for share in Wilmar International were $967 million.  Financing cost, net, which consists of interest expense less investment income was $73 million for the quarter, up from $46 million last year reflecting the higher average debt levels that were used principally to finance our additional working capital requirements. Our effective tax rate this quarter was 31%, which gave us a full year rate of 31.3% in line with our estimates and just below the fiscal year 2007 rate of 31.5%. As we look at fiscal '09's tax rate, we are estimating rates to be down slightly, approximately in the 30% to 30.5% range. The resulting net earnings and earnings per share both declined compared to last year due principally to the absence of the after-tax gains on asset sales that we recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal '07, partially offset by the increased segment operating results. Turning to slide seven, you will look at certain items for the quarter shown here on an after-tax basis that impact the comparability of 2008 and 2007. As I mentioned earlier, during last year's quarter, we recognized gains totaling $616 million related to asset and business disposables, and the reorganization of our interests in Wilmar International. Additionally, the after-tax charge related to the year-over-year change of our LIFO based inventories increased to 125 million this quarter from 38 million last year. Other items set out on this chart include some asset impairment charges and a charge related to early debt retirements in 2007. A more detailed summary of these items by segment has been included in the appendix to this presentation. Turning to slide eight, we have a comparative overview of our operating profit by segment. Total segment operating profit for the quarter decreased 33% to $777 million. We can turn straight to Slide nine to begin the review of the major changes in each individual segment. Slide nine looks at the operating profit of Oilseeds Processing. The Oilseeds Processing profit decreased 37% to $375 million for the quarter from $592 million last year.  Crushing and origination results improved $196 million to $276 million, as both processing margins and merchandising opportunities improved globally, reflecting good demand for vegetable oil and protein meal. Refining, packaging, biodiesel and other results declined $11 million due to comparably weaker biodiesel margins in Europe, and several smaller asset impairments that we booked this quarter. These reductions were partially offset by improved North and South American refined oil and biodiesel margins. Oilseed results for Asia declined $402 million, due principally the one-time $440 million non-cash gain recognized in last year's quarter, related to the exchange of our joint venture interest for shares in Wilmar. As we look at current conditions, we are seeing demand for protein meal and vegetable oil slowing globally, and we have begun to reduce crush rates in response. Looking at current oilseed crop conditions, harvest is progressing well in Europe. South America has had a good harvest. Here in the U.S., the final size of the crop remains to be seen. Overall, soybean supplies could remain quite tight. Current margins for biodiesel vary significantly between markets, but overall, demand continues to grow, especially in Brazil, as their B3 mandate commenced July 1. Moving to Corn Processing on slide 10. Sweetener and starch operating results improved 14% in the quarter to $120 million, and bioproducts results improved 15% to $142 million. Our net corn costs were not materially different from last year's fourth quarter.  Production volumes declined approximately 2% for the quarter, due principally to the disruption to our Cedar Rapids facility from the severe flooding in June. Manufacturing costs increased year-over-year, due principally to significant cost increases for energy-related inputs. Average selling prices increased for sweetener and starches, and sales quantities were down slightly. In Bioproducts, average selling prices for ethanol decreased slightly, while selling prices increased for lysine. Sales quantities increased significantly for ethanol, lysine and other food ingredient products. Our increase in sales quantities for ethanol in the fourth quarter included both ADM produced product, and merchandised ethanol; ethanol we sourced from both the U.S. and internationally. There is still uncertainties about the size of this year's U.S. corn crop, although market estimates have increased as weather conditions have improved. Crop prices have declined from the record levels seen in mid-June, but remain historically high and volatile. We currently expect to see higher selling prices for ethanol in this current quarter that we are in compared to last quarter and shipments should remain at a good pace. As current market prices for ethanol remains very attractive relative to unleaded gasoline. However, margins are being challenged by high corn costs, as well as increased energy and transportation costs. Let's now turn to slide 11, and look at the operating performance of our Agricultural Services segment. During our fourth quarter last year, we sold our investment in Agricore United and recorded a $153 million gain which was recorded in the Merchandising and Handling line. Excluding this one-time item, and despite the disruptions caused by the spring flooding and the slow down in export activities, results improved 11% for our Merchandising and Handling businesses, and approximately 14% for the segment as a whole. The U.S.DA is currently forecasting decreased U.S. grain exports this year, as larger supplies of wheat, out of Europe and Australia, will most likely not allow a repeat of the U.S. export volume and margin opportunities that we saw last year. High fuel costs remain challenging for our barge business. Turning to slide 12; slide 12 is an operating profit analysis of the other segment, reflecting a $51 million decline quarter-over-quarter. Wheat, cocoa and malt results declined by $21 million, due principally to weaker March '08 earnings reported by our equity investee Gruma S.A, and weaker cocoa earnings due to relatively high cocoa carrying costs along with margin pressures in our chocolate business. Current conditions for wheat, cocoa and malt reflect adequate wheat supplies, which in fact could reduce opportunities for the milling division. Demand for cocoa and cocoa products continue to grow. And just last week, we closed on the sale of our malting division to Malteurop. Financial earnings decreased $30 million due principally to reduced income from our managed fund investments as these investments continue to wind down. Moving on to slide 13. Slide 13 looks at the main components of our corporate line which turned from a net gain of $242 million last year to a net charge of $238 million this quarter. As shown on this slide, our LIFO charge increased by $138 million to $198 million this quarter due to further price escalation related to our LIFO-based inventories, and the $363 million gain on security transactions in 2007 related principally to the liquidation of marketable securities investments that we have previously discussed. Now turning to slide 14. Slide 14 shows our condensed balance sheet as of June 30, 2008 and the comparison to the prior June. The most significant change to our balance sheet continues to be the increase in our working capital levels, due principally to the impact of higher commodity prices. The working capital amounts include our readily marketable inventories which have a carrying value of approximately $7.8 billion at June '08, compared to approximately $4.4 billion at June '07. Spending on our seven major capital expenditure projects, that we updated you on during our last call, has continued in addition to our normal plant sustaining spend. As a result, PP&E, net of depreciation has increased $1.1 billion for the year. And as you will note, this balance sheet expansion has been financed from both earnings from operations and by a combination of short-term and long-term debt. In late May, we successfully completed a $1.75 billion equity unit offering, adding additional financial flexibility. Slide 15. Slide 15 lays out our cash flow highlights for the current and prior years. Cash generated from operations before the impact of changes in working capital was $2.4 billion for the year, up 24%. As commodity prices continue to rise throughout the year, cash required to fund changes in our working capital also reached record levels. During this past quarter, the pace of increase has slowed. The $5.6 billion number reflecting changes in working capital for the year is up approximately $200 million from where we stood at the end of March. The increased property, plant and equipment spending reflects the previously noted expenditures related to our construction program. We have had no additional share buyback activity this quarter, and our dividends paid reflect our increased dividend rate for the year. Turning to slide 16. Slide 16 provides an update of our current performance against our targeted long-term performance objectives. Our rolling four quarters RONA ended June 30 was 10.2%, below our targeted 13% objective. And while we have been highlighting RONA on our conference calls recently, internally, we have continued to use a basket of measures including RONA and return on equity, ROE As we have discussed in our IR presentations, increased commodity costs have led to higher working capital levels for ADM, but we also find that additional earnings opportunities do come along with these elevated prices, rewarding this use of working capital in the form of increased earnings per share. The bar chart on slide 15 clearly shows a dramatic increase in working capital in the blue sections of the bars. Higher working capital reduced RONA returns, but did not impact ROE nearly as much as can be seen by the increasing spread between the orange and green lines over time, of course with the exception of 2007 where both RONA and ROE were impacted by the large one-time gains. Our RONA target was set when market circumstances and anticipated crop price levels were different than they are today. We want to continue to identify and communicate financial targets for our investors to assist in their analysis, and are therefore, evaluating RONA and other measures in light of current and expected future market conditions. We will update you on our next call. You will also see at the bottom of the slide, our cost per metric ton was $119 per ton for the year compared to our objective of $110. Like RONA, this metric was set in a time of different market conditions. The weaker U.S. dollar has resulted in an increase in our non-U.S. manufacturing and SG&A costs, and we have seen the impact of higher energy costs. Our goal here, too, is to increase investor transparency and communicate our performance relative to effective cost control. While our team is focused on efficiencies and made progress against specific cost control objectives this year, this external measure, as we have defined it, does not fully capture our successes. Details of the calculations of these non-GAAP measures, the RONA and cost per metric ton performance metric can be found in the appendix to this presentation. At this time, I will turn the call back to Pat, and we will be glad to take your questions.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Steve. Operator, you can open the lines for questions. Steve and John and I will be here to answer them. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question is from the line of Christina McGlone from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning Christina
Steve Mills: Good morning, Christina.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: I guess my first question just has to do with the other division, there was such a drop-off sequentially and year-over-year. How should we think about that business going forward? I mean is this a new run rate or was there a lot of unusual things happening this quarter?
John Rice:  Well, I'll answer that, Christina, this is John. When it comes to the Milling division, last year we had a lot of good opportunities in being able to take certain quality wheat from one part of the country to the other part of the world and to be able to enhance margins and capture larger margins. As far as our Cocoa business, we've had a few brought to market issues on our cocoa, and also with the carrying charges in the market, it's in an inverse right now, and starting to become a little bit of a carry, but that's caused us a little bit of a problem also in the Cocoa division. So, going forward, I think, right now, cocoa looks to be a little bit more positive next year and I think wheat milling probably will not be as good.
Steve Mills: I would just like to add, Christina, that this past quarter, we picked up our results on Gruma on quarters and arrears, and they had a weak quarter which you can read about since they're a public company and their quarter ended March of '08. Their quarter ended June is better, and I think their outlook is better. So we really looked at that as a one-time item. In the financial part of that other, we are winding down our managed fund investments. They get smaller and smaller therefore the historic gains that have been recorded as those equity fund investments wind down and wont be repeated. So that just gets to be smaller and smaller.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: So, the financial line eventually should go towards zero?
Steve Mills: Oh, no. No.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Steve Mills: There's really a couple of components there, Christina. Besides the private equity funds, we have our ADM Investor services in Hickory Point Bank, both performing very well, but in the context of ADM, they are not significant numbers.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, Steve, you mentioned the fact that protein meal and vegetable oil demand slowing and you're reducing crush. Where geographically are you seeing that and reducing your crush rates?
Steve Mills: Well, Christina, we are seeing that a little bit everywhere. I'll let John fill in the details.
John Rice: Christina, currently we're seeing a drop-off in the crush in the North American markets. We have not seen that yet in Europe or in South America currently.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, you can sustain margins in that area, you should just see lower volumes, lower throughput, that's the intent of reducing your crush?
Steve Mills: Correct.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just last question, the volumes for sweeteners and starches weren't bad considering the floods. Are you seeing a core volume pick up there in sweeteners, especially given the fact that sugar prices have really risen in the U.S.?
Steve Mills: I wont attribute this year to sugar prices as much as, I think that the weather got a little bit nicer, and this is a time of year we usually start seeing a little bit of pick-up in the sweetener volume, plus we also we are picking up a little bit more business going into the Mexican market.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: And then looking into the fall and winter, do you see volumes up versus a year ago?
Steve Mills: Historically, we usually see the volumes taper off during the fourth quarter, especially. Year-on-year. I would have to say the sweetener volumes are going to be down throughout the industry. We are seeing less demand from the soft drink side.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Steve Mills: You're welcome.
John Rice: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everybody.
 Pat Woertz: Good morning.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: On Christina's question, so it sounds like from a demand construction perspective, in oil seeds you're not seeing any real change, material change in Asian demand for protein meal or oil, is that correct?
John Rice: No, we're not. It's more just a short-term. It's not unusual during this time of year to see demand slip a little bit. We feel long-term, the demand will still be there. We are still going ahead with our crush expansions at our plants. So, we still see long-term growth. I think this is just more of a seasonal time and, you know, with the commodity prices falling every day, people don't want to buy and tends to make the market more hand-to-mouth.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So that's very helpful. So it's not an issue of economic slowdown or any of the kind of macro issues that the people have become concerned about from your vantage point, is that correct?
John Rice: That's correct. I mean we are hearing people talk about reducing numbers. We haven't seen a large reduction in numbers, but we keep seeing Asia increase and other parts of the world increasing. So, we do not think itll be a long-term trend at all.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then if I could just ask you on high fructose corn syrup. Historically, you always sort of had an annual contract for that. What would be the argument at this point for keeping an annual contract? Is there any thought given to volatility in grain prices to make the duration of that contract shorter?
John Rice: No. We are really working with our customers. If they want an annual contract, well supply them with an annual contract. We can easily hedge up the corn if we want or not. So, it's really whatever the customer wants. If they want a shorter time period, we'll sell them a shorter time period. A lot of people are budgeting their numbers on a whole year, so we'd usually tend to sell it for a whole year and that's the way sugar is sold mostly.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And I guess my last question is; this time last year there were GMO issues with the EU as it related to by-product. It doesn't appear that those have recurred this year. Is that correct?
John Rice: We are still not shipping our corn gluten seed over to Europe. We have developed a lot of other markets throughout the world to ship our corn gluten feed. And also, domestically, we've picked up a lot of business. A lot more people are feeding corn gluten feed instead of corn. It's very price competitive. So it's very disappointing we lost that market. But we have found other markets around the world.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then I guess my last question, I'm sorry, any thoughts on the EPA waiver request and what that's going to amount to if anything?
Pat Woertz: I'll take that one, Vincent. The RFS schedule is part of the 2007 Energy Bill, as you know, or the Energy Independence and Security Act, and we remain I would say, optimistic, maybe even cautiously optimistic. As the Congress left for the recess, there was no action taken. We expect the EPA waiver decision by the middle of August, and I understand they're reviewing the many comments that were made from both the public and companies, etcetera, and that commentary will be weighed as part of their decision. Again, we're optimistic.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Vincent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. Can you give me a sense on the bioproducts line that came in a lot better than I had expected. You said that you benefited from merchandising ethanol, perhaps some of it from your international operations. Are you also merchandising ethanol that is made from other manufacturers domestically in the U.S.? And to what extent is your scale in ethanol helping you make money here whereas all your competitors are losing money?
Pat Woertz: John, do you want to take that?
John Rice: Well, yes. We are merchandising domestically produced ethanol and also ethanol produced in other parts of the world. Our scale and size of our plants, that we've always said, does make us very competitive in the long term, and we have the logistics capabilities. So, if we buy ethanol from other parts of the world, and we can arbitrage our way out of that position, and end up shipping it out of a domestic location, we'll end up doing that. So it gives us a lot of flexibility overall.  We also have very good relationships with customers. We're a very large supplier. They know that if ethanol coming from Brazil will not make it, we can cover it with our own production.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And just a follow up, your comments here, John and Steve about changing the RONA targets lower, oilseed demand slipping, Ag services profits normalizing. You're really guiding here to a lower year next year to EPS sequentially. Can you give us a little help here on what kind of range of outcomes you think are likely for next year? And, will we ever get to an earnings power again like we saw in fiscal '08?
Steve Mills: I'll start with that, Rob. I think, first of all, on the RONA targets, well, let me start with the bigger point, as you know, we don't give guidance and I don't think we gave guidance today. I think as I talked about the RONA metric, when we developed that metric, it was a return that we had been earning over a long period of time. I'm not saying we don't like that target. We're just saying that we're in these times with the higher working capital levels and the CapEx programs that, maybe, make RONA not the best reflection of what's going on in our day-to-day business. That 13%, when we set that out was with some assumptions that working capital would be relatively steady or growing as the business grew. So I guess, I don't want to paint too negative a picture there other than, there are some other measures that may from time-to-time better reflect what we're doing. What else was on that question? There were more that I wanted to answer and I didn't.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Well, we touched on oilseed and then also Ag services kind of normalizing here because of Europe and Australia.
Steve Mills: Yeah. It's a great question about the opportunity set because one never knows when they're going to appear. We probably wouldn't have predicted the 2008 results a year or 18 months ago just because they appear, and as Pat articulated, we have the asset, we have the chain, we have the people that can turn and take advantage of that quite quickly. So, we continue to build out our model, to fill in the holes that we have and we're in it for the long term. And I think Pat wants to add a little here, too.
Pat Woertz: You know, Rob, another item on your question about metrics that I think is helpful to think about is that, we want to continue to discuss a variety or a basket of metrics as we've kind of referred to. So, we'll update you next quarter with our thinking associated with that, and it does go along with sets of assumptions, as Steve mentioned, whether you assume RONA, which I think is still a very strong internal metric when you're building out capital as we are, to keep that focus. We have quite a bit of unproductive capital still on our balance sheet until these plants come on stream. So, we won't give up on the RONA look. It will just be in a bit of a different environment and maybe our calculations, as we'll share with you. And we'll have some assumptions set out with them.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Rob.
Steve Mills: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Ken.
Steve Mills: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  Just a couple of questions: How does the recent correction in the commodities, corn, change anything that you would be doing going forward in terms of your working capital needs as well as your margin structure outlook going forward?
John Rice: You want to answer that, working capital?
Steve Mills: Well, the working capital is the arithmetic right now, and of course the lower commodity prices takes a little pressure off, which is a good thing, at least from what our treasury folks think, and it gives us just a little more flexibility.
John Rice: And in terms of the corn prices going down, I think since the June 1, we've had corn prices go down 12%, sugar prices go up about 23%. So as that spread keeps widening, depending on what the spread is at the time of our fructose pricing, it should be more positive for next year's fructose pricing.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: If the corn goes down, does that change your ability to negotiate the high fructose corn syrup? It doesn't sound like it does. That's a misnomer, right?
John Rice: Correct. Last year, we ran into some areas of the country where we were competing with sugar on a price level. So, as sugar keeps going up domestically and internationally, and corn keeps coming down, I think some of these fringe areas, these smaller users, we may be able to pick up some of that volume again next year.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And could you give us an update on your capital projects? I didn't see a slide, I may have missed it, but I thought you used to give a slide of your capital projects and the timing of that. I thought that was very good. I didn't see it, so I apologize.
Pat Woertz: No, Ken. We update when we have any changes and we have no changes to the last update we gave you. So, we still believe from a schedule and a cost perspective, we're in those same parameters. Are we planning to update next quarter? Is there anything new?
Steve Mills: Let's see. We did the slide last quarter. Well I think we'll update it, or at least verbally, if there's anything thats significantly changed.
Pat Woertz: And some of these plants will come on stream within the next calendar year or at the end of the next calendar year.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And my last question is, it is interesting you made a comment in the corn business that net corn prices were no different than last year, year-over-year. Can you give us a reason? Obviously, we see corn prices where they are. Is it because of the hedging that you did? Is it because of the byproducts or is it just simply a timing that it takes three months before corn gets into your income statement?
John Rice: I'll add all three of those.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I got to be covering you guys too long, but
John Rice: It's a factor of all three. When we buy the corn, how the byproducts work through on the P&L, and you hit the nail right on the head there.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Can you give a little weighting to which ones were bigger factors and which ones will be a bigger factor going forward?
John Rice: That's tough to do because with the byproduct credit -- we're seeing corn oil prices come down just because we have got a bigger sunflower crop. Sun oil is a little weaker, so corn oil comes down. Corn gluten feed is usually slower at this time of the year, but we are seeing a lot of interest. People are holding up on purchases there. So, it's a little tough to say just because of the timing on a lot of the variables here.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Ken.
John Rice: Youre welcome.
Operator: You're welcome. Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Christine.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just on the expected incremental capacity in ethanol coming online here over the next couple of months. As you look ahead and try to estimate where demand might be for the fall, is it your expectation that pricing can hold at these levels or is it that, we should see incremental price pressure through the second half?
John Rice: I would like to think we should see some support, but ethanol prices seem to be following corn more than anything right now. When a new plant starts up, ethanol plants are fairly easy to start and stop. So, as a new plant can make a cash flow margin, they are starting up and operating, and making sales. I think going forward, that will change a little bit just because of the cost of capital, the cost of building these plants is becoming so much higher, so I think a lot of plants that were supposed to be built are not going to get finished and are not being built. So, I think we'll have still a little bit of a growth period here, but I think in the long-term, we're still looking very positive on this business, and especially with the discount to gasoline. We keep picking up more and more volume and business in the whole industry.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And just in terms of your capital projects, I'm sorry if I missed it, but, did you mention exactly what your plans are for your delayed plants or when that might come on line?
John Rice:  No, we haven't changed any of our startup dates at all from our last conference call.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Okay. And then just with the mandate going up next year and obviously that's going to force quite a bit of incremental land into corn for next year. If you look then at where we are in soybeans, and what might that mean for soybean stocks and soybean prices? And, again, this is kind of looking into the future. But, given no expected change to the mandate let's say for the next year, how do you kind of position your business for the next 12 months knowing that there is likely to be a fairly sizeable shift of acreage into corn and out of beans?
Steve Mills: Well, there are a lot of points to that whole question. But when we look at the world situation as it sits today, we're seeing very good crops, we're seeing expanded acreage out of the Ukraine, Russia, the EU-27.We're having larger corn crops, larger wheat crops out of there. So, that is having an effect on the corn demand here out of the United States, and it's also effecting a little bit of the protein demand. We still don't know what our crops here are in the United States. People are raising the estimates now. But, we still will not know until harvest starts here at the end of September, first of October. I guess the point is, yes, we still need good crops in the future. The corn carryout, depending on what those crop is, can have a wide variance on how much acreage we will need next year or not. And then also what's the acreage in South America, how much they increase, how much they don't increase. So, there is a lot of variables still coming. A lot of it is still price related and input related. But, I understand the question. We're looking at it. But, we still believe in the long-term that we'll be able to reap ample harvests around the world and keep expanding our land and yields.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just one point of clarification, too. On that bad debt, expense you mentioned as part of the increase in SG&A, was there anything specific behind that?
Steve Mills: No, there wasn't, Christine. It's somewhat general in nature, but I think it reflects, and we havent -- I'm sitting here looking to, knock on some wood, that we haven't had much problems here. But in these times of volatile pricing, both up and down, it puts both contract performance and credit more into question. And we've done a great job around here of managing that. In the grand scheme of things, it was a relatively small amount, but it was on that list of lesser items on the increase.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Alright. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Steve Mills: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Christine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dianne Geissler from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Hello, good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Dianne.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Dianne.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: I wanted to talk about what has happened with your stock price here recently over the last couple of months, and I realize, due to the constraints of the build and working capital, you haven't been able to be active in the market. But I guess, if we look at crop prices coming down and you reversing some of this extraordinary build and working capital, what would be your priorities for any free cash that you might generate? Your debt piece has ballooned with the working capital. Could you just give us some commentary on share buyback versus debt pay down? What are your thoughts there?
Pat Woertz: Great question, Diane. We've talked about this. Steve, you want to comment?
Steve Mills: Sure. Diane, this is something that we think about. Of course our credit rating is important to us, and it allows us access to that Tier 1 commercial paper market which provide us with flexibility, especially in this last year to do what we did and take advantage of the opportunities that were out there. And when we had discussions with the rating agencies when we issued our mandatory units, the agencies of course, discourage share buy backs, but we still have some commodity volatility. We have got our ongoing CapEx program that's got a little more than a year to kind of run out. We're kind of at the peak spending period as we stand here. And we see some good M&A opportunities out there that we're evaluating each and every day. So we'll have to see about buy back as the market conditions change. And, as you pointed out, we've seen commodity prices change. But I think it's in the basket of mix of things. But, we see again with the commodity volatility and the others that that's where it stands.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you. And then I just wanted to clarify on your comments about the reduced demand for meal and oil. I think you said it was limited primarily to the North American market? I may have misheard that.
John Rice: In the meal demand, we're seeing a little bit of that. But, it's really more of a short-term. Since we see this every year a lot of times, we have normal down-time maintenance at the plants, and some people are talking about reducing the animal numbers. With the oil, we have very large palm stocks in Asia. We're also seeing China, who were buying oil and then subsidizing, and selling into the market at below market prices. So that's had an effect on oil. And, oil prices got very high and biodiesel demand fell off a little bit, but as oil prices come down, we're starting to see that pick back up. So, I think it's just more of a short-term aberration than it is a long-term trend like I mentioned earlier.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. But, would you take it as limited to the North American market?
John Rice: All markets tend to globally affect each other eventually. So, if it's just North America, and if we're cutting back here on animals and in South America, depending on currencies, may be adding animals and Europe accordingly, but we're seeing a slight slow down. But, like I said, I don't think it's going to be a long-term affect, especially when harvest starts here in another two, three months.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess just on ethanol and your build out, you sound like you're right on plan with the expansion, etcetera, but I wonder, however you handicap the waiver thing, if they grant a waiver this year, would your plans change? Would that make you rethink, okay, the political wheel doesn't seem to be behind ethanol anymore, therefore we need to reevaluate where we are? And I guess, if you could also comment on what you're hearing about the industry in total? I know that there have been plant slow downs as economics have deteriorated here with the very high corn prices earlier this summer. But, are you hearing of, sort of, plans that you saw that were on the board from smaller players just going away and those plants never getting built? What is your feeling on that?
John Rice: I think some of that is happening just because of the cost to build plants these days, with stainless steel, labor costs and everything else going up, and they don't see the margin out there right now, and the cost, and finding capital is also very tough. So I see a lot of that happening. I think long term we'll see more plants slowdown or not be built. In the nearby situation, we're not going to change ours. We're already blending over the mandate right now. Ethanol is a lot cheaper than unleaded gasoline. So, everybody is going to be trying to expand and blend as much as they can. So even if there is a waiver, which really doesn't make much sense, we still do not see the ethanol demand slowing down at all, just because it is very price competitive.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: And you're satisfied with the new market development?
John Rice: Yes.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: In terms of picking up the incremental supply that's scheduled to come on line over, say, the next 12 months?
John Rice: Yes. We keep seeing new markets come in, and as ethanol is $0.60 to $1 under unleaded gasoline, more and more people keep blending it and using it.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay, perfect. Well, thank you.
Pat Woertz: Diane, I might add to that. One thing that we are going to do,, I'll mention at the end of the call is have the tour of our Cedar Rapids plant and the corn processing presentation. You'll be able to see the integration of both construction and the dry mill facility being integrated into the full wet corn processing process. Steve, John and I will be there as well as our corn processing management. So, sort of a deep dive into that and be able to see it firsthand.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: All right, terrific. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you.
John Rice: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin from Davenport. Please proceed.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Good morning.
John Rice: Good morning. Hi, Ann.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Ann.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: I wanted to ask you about your recent announcement about the investment in sugar-based ethanol. I know you have identified your interest in moving into that space. Was this the right value equation? Was this the right time? Do you see perhaps this as a strategic move because the U.S. might open? Can you just comment a little bit on that?
Pat Woertz: Sure, Ann. First of all, I will say, we have made no announcement, and as you might know, when we're ready or if we plan to make an announcement of such type, we would certainly add some detail to it and be able to communicate with you in a press release and so forth. There have been rumors of that, and of course we don't comment on rumors. What I can say is, we have been interested and continue to stay interested in investment in sugar and ethanol processing in Brazil. And we have talked with several potential partners as well as greenfield, brownfield, further investment. So, it remains inactive. And if we have something to say, we'll sure add some clarity to it.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: I apologize. I thought you had made an investment in South America.
Pat Woertz: There's been some rumor about the same. It's kind of been covered in the Brazilian press and translated in the U.S. a bit.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport:  Right.
Pat Woertz: We'll comment on it when we have something to say.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Okay. And then also, I thought I read a story about China perhaps looking at opening up restrictions on GMO grains, and particularly corn. Do you have any information on that or any perspective on if that might change there?
Steve Mills: I guess I haven't heard anything new on that at all. So I can't comment on it.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Okay. Struck out twice. Thanks. Thank you all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research. Please proceed.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Pat Woertz: Hi, David
John Rice: Hi, David.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Good morning. John, you mentioned a couple of times on different questions about the slight softening or that you're seeing in the North American market. If I could just push you a little bit on this one. The chicken people have been extremely negative in terms of where their margins are and certainly their losses are real. They're projecting something like that they need to see almost a 60% increase just to get back to break-even levels. You seem to indicate on this call that you feel like the demand softness is very temporary. Can you expound on your thoughts a bit more in terms of why the situation in the protein market isn't very concerning for demand for soy meal?
John Rice: I would really look at this in more of a global market. You still issues down in Argentina. The Brazilian crush will be slowing down here. We're still seeing good demand in Central America and other parts of the world. We're still seeing growth. So as the world keeps growing, we may see little pockets here in the United States that have issues, but as long as the animal numbers keep expanding, population keeps expanding, I think protein demand will keep rising.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: I have another big picture question here. We had very, very tight conditions in global Ag last year, coupled with record U.S. tonnage for Ag production. Giving your asset mix and kind of where the bulk of your assets are still in the United States, it's my opinion that this was an enormous benefit for ADM. When I look forward, you actually see U.S. tonnage down because of the shift back into soy, and then also big picture, you've got the global wheat crop coming in and looking pretty good right now. It feels as if this should result in a more difficult environment for ADM and profit generation in the coming 12 months. Would you all agree with that statement?
Pat Woertz: Well, without giving guidance, David, I think the factors that you described are accurate in terms of where most of our assets are, where most of our opportunities were this past year. I guess the uncertainty around, and the reason why we don't give guidance, are because things change all the time and different opportunities present themselves each quarter. But your overall description of where we sit, where our assets are, and how our infrastructure and opportunities present themselves is accurate, I think.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: One final question here, just a couple of items. Would it be possible for you to give us any outlook on interest expense for F'09? And did you give a CapEx number for F'09? If you did, I missed it.
Steve Mills: No. We didn't do either one of those. I'm just thinking on the CapEx side, we're going to be up some from where we're at to finish the projects. The peak here will be in '09 and my guess is that we will probably be just a little north of $2 billion where we stand today. Interest expense, of course, that's a hard one. Of course, interest expense was up this year with the additional borrowings. We're just going to have to see where the world takes us. So, we can either get back to you or we'll figure out a way to get people some help on that.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Really appreciate it. Thanks for all the comments.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz from Soleil Securities. Please proceed.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
John Rice: Good morning.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Just a quick question. We talked about this a little bit around this time last year, about the physical mid-stream constraints on ethanol blending and transportation. Do you see that now in the system and where specifically do you really, if there is, where specifically do you see this tightness?
John Rice: I don't see any constraints in the system at all. People keep expanding so they can handle ethanol. But what we're actually seeing in the market a lot of times is, people will buy Brazilian ethanol and shipments will be delayed just because of the infrastructure down there. And so, we'll see a lot of opportunities where we can fill in and sell some additional gallons in the short-term. But, overall, in the U.S., I don't see any constraints in growing the market at all.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: And do you think that the capacity is there, if the RFS does increase for the '09 year. Do you think that there's capacity there to handle that kind of volume?
John Rice: Yes, I do.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Okay. And then on the same ethanol vein, have you guys received any of the Mexican sugar with this new HFCS agreement and processed it through to ethanol?
John Rice: No, we have not.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Okay. And then, I think Vincent asked a little bit about the EPA, the waiver request, but I think the other question has to do with the tariff. There's been a lot of discussion on what to do with this tariff and now that kind of Doha has fallen apart again, there are discussions of Brazil taking us to court on the tariff.  I'm wondering if you guys can comment a little bit about the odds of this actually happening with Brazil, taking us in front of the WTO, and what that could mean for domestic corn-based production?
Pat Woertz: Yeah, I'll take the government question here, Ian. We've read some of the same things about the Brazilians bringing an international trade case against the ethanol tariff. It's our understanding and we believe this tariff is allowed under the current WTO rules, and the current level, if the $0.54 a gallon doesn't exceed the boundary. So, it's our experts' opinion that this would survive any kind of case like that. Of course, depending on whether or not a case is actually brought is a whole different story. It could be just discussion and rhetoric as Doha discussions often have discussions of things that aren't really in the mix. So we look at that as, the tariff is allowed under the WTO rules.
John Rice: Ian, if I could just add another thing. There is a lot of talk about the tariffs, but logistically, Brazil is just not set up to handle and ship any more ethanol than they already are. I mean, they have the infrastructure issues. We are very involved in the Brazil infrastructure. Probably over the long term, that can change, but it also comes down just to a revenue issue by doing away with the tariff, its just less revenue in the United States because X amount of gallons will come to the United States one way or the other.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: No, I mean I understand that, but I feel like, right now, we're seeing the marginal gallon, which is Brazilian sugar ethanol setting, at least putting a level into the pricing of the domestic markets. And first of all, I'm wondering why there wasn't a quick response to get this $0.54 tariff back in line with the credit, which is what it was supposed to do, as far as I know. And then, if we get a negative decision out of any kind of WTO or policy standpoint and drop the tariff dramatically, it can still be there. I agree that there's no real excess capacity coming in from Brazil. But, it can still set quite a pretty destructive price. Don't you think?
John Rice: Well, right now, corn-based ethanol, I mean, ethanol produced in the United States is cheaper than Brazilian ethanol coming into the U.S.. So, I mean right now, corn-based ethanol is setting the market. As sugar goes up and corn goes down and vice versa. It can have an effect over the year. Yes, I do agree with that.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Okay. But as far as you guys are concerned, you think that this is a pretty baseless complaint, and you feel that the tariff is defensible?
Pat Woertz: Yes.
Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Ian.
John Rice: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question is from the line of John Roberts from Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Hi, good morning.
John Rice: Good morning, John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Is your interest in Brazil also in biofuel or ethanol only. Or do you have a broader interest in the sugar production there as well?
John Rice: Its broader interests. We're looking at sugar and then we make a lot of products from dextrose here in the United States. So, we feel that we could be able to expand and make the products out of sugar.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay.
John Rice: So, we're looking at this as a whole range of new opportunities for ADM.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Because at least the press stories so far out of Brazil have been on ethanol only.
Pat Woertz: I'm sorry, we missed a question. I think we were talking over you.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: I think the rumored stories, at least those that have come out of Brazil, have been ethanol only?
Pat Woertz: Well, again, we don't comment on the rumors. So as John just mentioned, we're interested more broadly.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. And during the quarter, DuPont and Genencor announced a commercial plant for cellulosic ethanol, and I think POET also has been going forward with cellulosic. Do you have any update on your thoughts about that technology?
Pat Woertz: Well, as you might recall, John, we've had discussions about two particular areas of interest to us. One is on a joint venture that we have with ConocoPhillips on a bio-based crude, which you can argue is also second generation biofuels. And then, we also have the corn stover project which is a cellulosic conversion of stover to ethanol. And both are proceeding on path. We're optimistic about them, and part of our technology efforts in the next generation, yes.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Is the infrastructure in your current project sort of oversized or at least laid out for additional expansion activity that wouldn't require more utilities and so forth should you need it down the line?
Pat Woertz: A little hard to say John. If you are you talking [two] dry mill plants, or their size and as the utilities and rail and so forth, their infrastructure size to take on more capacity. Was that your question?
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Correct. Yes.
Pat Woertz: I think they're sized appropriately and we always have an eye for the right kinds of expansion when we put these projects together. They're not overbuilt, but sharing infrastructure is a key part of why our low cost production is part of our objective. It's still too early to tell what kind of expansion might be possible.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Thank you.
John Rice: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research. Please proceed.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Great. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just a quick question on ethanol pricing in the futures market. The pricing looks a little weak to me, and I was hoping that, John, you might have a few comments on, number one, just any indication on how far you guys have booked out your prices in ethanol, how far you've contracted it out? I know you don't give exact numbers here on this one, but just give us some level of guidance here. Are the contracts as short as they've been in the past here, one month to three months or has it lengthened out a little bit? And then again, just a comment on the futures pricing for ethanol.
John Rice: It's pretty much the same. Its one month to three months. Every now and then, if somebody is expanding into a new market, they may want a longer term contract. But the futures contract is a little tough to follow, too, just because the volume isn't there. So, you are seeing a difference between the futures market and the cash market more here in the last three to six months, I'd say.
David Driscoll - City Investment Research: So, what are you saying there? Do you not believe that futures price or I'm sorry, I don't understand.
John Rice: I'll believe it, because we'll buy it and sell it accordingly. But it's tough to just take that futures market is what I'm saying, and try to equate it to what the West Coast is worth, what the East Coast is worth, and what you're able to sell ethanol worth at any given time, as there is not a lot of volume in it.
David Driscoll - City Investment Research: I understand. It does seem to be, that it's been fairly weak, though, and that this does not feel as if its a positive, which is one of my big concerns on the ethanol piece. Do you feel the same way or do you just?
John Rice: No, the trend right now is, it seems to be lower. I don't disagree with you. As corn prices are falling, the mills, a lot of these start-up mills, if they can buy cheaper corn, they're just looking for a margin to build the cash flow. I don't disagree with that.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: That's real helpful. Thanks a lot, everybody.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, David.
John Rice: Thanks, David.
Operator: And there are no other questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call over to Pat Woertz for closing remarks.
Pat Woertz: Okay. Thank you. Well, thanks everyone, for the interest. If I could turn your attention to slide 18, it does note our upcoming events, including some Investor Relations presentations, our next quarter earnings call, but also the October 7, Cedar Rapids plant tour, which I mentioned. I believe invitations will be going out this week. So mark your calendars for that and look forward to our future discussions there. Thank you all.
Operator: Thank you all for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad - VP IR Pat Woertz - Chairman and CEO John Rice - EVP, Commercial and Production Steve Mills - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ann Gurkin - Davenport John Roberts - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Third Quarter Fiscal 2008 Earnings Call. My name is Eric, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn your presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Eric. Good morning and welcome to ADM's third quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting our call, and that you can access it at ADM's website, www.admworld.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of the comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. The statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital, and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide 3 lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today, and with that I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Woertz.
Pat Woertz: Thanks Dwight, and good morning everyone. I would like to first start with a safety moment. In April, ADM held its second Annual Global Safety Week, where all of our colleagues, our contractors, employees, everyone took the time to stop and discuss safety. This fiscal year, we do have total reportable injuries down 12%, and lost work day rates down 24%, and while that is an improved performance, we do remind ourselves that it's not about statistics, but indeed about people, and we will continue to work hard toward our zero injuries, zero incident goal. This morning, we announced third quarter earnings, that's $517 million, up 42% from the third quarter of 2007, and diluted earnings per share of $0.80 up 43% over the same period. Last quarter on our call, I did highlight the significant positive momentum we were seeing, and our third quarter results today I think demonstrates the ability of our balanced operations, our global network and our strong balance sheet to deliver shareholder value, amid this very fluid market. Volatility in commodity markets did present some unprecedented opportunities as we said in our press release, and our team leveraged those opportunities through our financial flexibility, our global asset base. And once again, I think, the combination of the physical assets and intellectual assets combined to capitalize on market conditions. There is a reason for some optimism in the supply fundamentals of world crops. South American farmers are gathering a good harvest. In Europe, we are seeing better crop conditions than weve seen in a few years, and globally wheat supplies look to be rising. Here in the US, the USDA predicts increased soybean production in 2008. However of course, planting is just getting started, so we will wait and see. These changing supply dynamics will present, as every year does, different challenges and different opportunities going forward. I am confident however, that we have the right portfolio, the right network and the right people to capitalize on these opportunities and deliver value to our shareholders. I would like to turn the call now over to Steve Mills, who took over as CFO at the 1st of March. Steve is a veteran here of ADM, and most recently he held our lead role in strategic planning efforts. Many of you already know him well, and I hope youll join me in congratulating him in his new role. Steve, if youll take us through the third quarter results.
Steve Mills: Thanks Pat and good morning everyone. You will see that we have updated the slide deck a bit to help bring some additional clarity to our numbers. So Id like to move to slide four, where youll see our statement of earnings highlights for this quarter. Net sales and other operating income increased 64% in this quarter to $18.7 billion. Nearly 90% of this increase was attributable to increases in selling prices, primarily resulting from the significant increase in underlying commodity prices. The remaining 10% of this increase in sales revenue was due to higher volumes. Gross profit for the quarter grew 55% to $1.2 billion, as overall operating margins improved. Partially offsetting these improvements in gross profit, were significantly higher net corn costs and rising energy prices. Selling, general, administrative expenses increased $84 million or 29% this quarter from a year ago, due principally to higher global personnel costs, including the effects of foreign currency translation, accruals and further organizational realignment expenses. Our financing costs net, which consist of interest expense less investment income, rose to $66 million for the quarter. This increase reflects higher average debt levels that were used principally to finance our additional working capital requirements. Our effective tax rate this quarter was 31.5%, down about 3% from last year's rate for the quarter, but in line with the rate we've been estimating for this fiscal year, as well as being in line with the full year rate from 2007. Last year's tax rate included a cumulative catch-up effect related to updated estimates of geographical mix of earnings back in 2007. And as Pat mentioned, net earnings and earnings per share increased 42% and 43% respectively, reflecting strong underlying industry fundamentals, together with some exceptional merchandizing opportunities that we were able to capture this quarter. Turning to slide 5, we will look at certain items impacting our 2008 and 2007 third quarter's results. As usual, these amounts are stated on an after-tax basis. Commodity prices remain volatile during the quarter, and closed higher for our LIFO based inventories. These price increases created a $39 million or approximately $0.06 per share charge this quarter, compared to $14 million or approximately $0.02 per share charge for our third quarter last year. Other items set out on this chart; include gains on securities and asset sales, as well as organizational realignment expenses. A schedule showing the breakdown of these amounts by segment is in the appendix to this presentation. Turning to slide 6, we are giving you a comparative overview of our operating profit by segment. You will note, that total segment operating profit for the quarter increased 54% to $913 million, up from $593 million a year ago. We will now turn to slide 7, to begin the review of the individual segments. Slide 7 looks at the operating profit of oilseeds processing. Profit increased 28% to $237 million for the quarter, up from $185 million last year. Crushing and origination results improved $78 million, due to continuing strong global demand for vegetable oil and protein meal. Refining, packaging biodiesel and other results declined $16 million, due principally to weaker biodiesel margins in Europe. Last year's quarter for refining, packaging, biodiesel and other also included a $14 million business disposal gain. Our Asia results principally reflect the company's share of operating earnings of Wilmar International Limited. We see generally positive current market conditions for oilseeds processing, due to the continuing strong global demand for protein meal and vegetable oil. Capacity utilization remained high, and is well balanced with demand. Current crop conditions in Brazil and Europe are looking good, and the USDA is projecting increased soybean production in the US this year. The developing global biodiesel markets, particularly in Europe, continue to be affected by excess production capacity. And we believe that ADM's integrated processing model which allows us considerable flexibility to optimize margins all along the value chain remains a significant competitive advantage and allows us to rapidly respond to changes in global supply and demand economics. Turning to slide 8, slide 8 summarizes third quarter operating profit of the Corn Processing segment, which decreased 31% in the quarter to $172 million from $251 million last year. Net corn costs, which rose to historically high levels significantly impacted both sweeteners and starches and bioproducts' operating profits. In addition, production volumes were down 3% due to both planned and unplanned downtime at several of our facilities. Energy and chemical costs rose on a year-over-year basis, which further dampened earnings. Selling prices increased for sweeteners and starches, lysine and ethanol. We also saw increased lysine and ethanol sales quantities. At this time, we continue to see mixed market conditions for corn processing. Corn costs remain high. In bioproducts, we see improved ethanol selling prices for the next quarter compared to this past quarter. Demand continues to grow and gasoline blending economics have improved. Spot prices have increased to about $2.70 a gallon on a delivered basis, but we look cautiously further out, as it is still unclear how quickly the industry will absorb the additional capacity scheduled to come into production. As we ship increasing quantities of high fructose corn syrup to Mexico, we look forward to the full benefit of NAFTA. We are also optimistic about the outlook for lysine as recent selling prices have improved with increasing global demand. We'll turn to slide 9; which highlights our Agricultural Services segments operating profits. This was an exceptional quarter for our Merchandising and Handling businesses, which drove overall Agricultural Services operating profit up to $366 million from $46 million last year. US elevator and river system locations continued to benefit from higher capacity utilization rates and improved storage and handling margins, particularly on export related business. As last crop year's large North American harvest continued to work through our system, the volatile grain and freight markets coupled with favorable risk management positioning helped boost earnings in this segment to record levels. Operating earnings from our barge and truck transportation operations were comparable to last year's quarter, as higher operating costs principally fuel were priced into freight rates. Current conditions for Ag services remained volatile. Grain origination and export flow begins its seasonal shift from North to South America where crop conditions point to ample supplies and generally good farm economics. Crop development in Europe also appears to be substantially improved from the last two difficult years and global wheat production is projected to increase by 45 million to 50 million tons. It's too early in the season to know what North American crops will be this year, as the planting season is just getting underway. Well turn to slide 10. Slide 10 is an operating profit analysis of the other segment showing $27 million or 24% improvement to $138 million from last years $111 million. Wheat, cocoa and malt improved by eight million due principally to improved margin conditions and favorable risk management results in North American wheat milling and our malt business. These improvements were partially offset by weaker cocoa earnings caused by high raw material related costs and competitive pressures experienced in the North American chocolate market. Last year's third quarter earnings for wheat, cocoa and malt included $39 million gain from a business disposal. Financial earnings increased $19 million or 66% due principally to increased brokerage services income, decreased loss provisions at our captive insurance company and improved earnings from our managed fund portfolio. Turning to slide 11, our corporate costs increased $121 million, due primarily to the $41 million quarter-over-quarter LIFO variance and to an increase in other, which principally reflects the effects of eliminating the after tax earnings of our minority interest. Moving on to slide 12, slide 12 shows our condense balance sheet as at March 31, 2008. The most significant change to our balance sheet is the increase in our working capital due principally to the impact of higher commodity prices. Our strong balance sheet, and the financial flexibility it provides is critical to allowing us to grow our earnings and capture enhanced margin opportunities. Net property, plant and equipment has increased $850 million, due primarily to the spending related to our major construction projects and we'll discuss the status of these construction projects in more detail in a few moments. And as you'll know this balance sheet expansion has been financed from a combination of earnings and debt. Moving on to slide 13, slide 13 lays out our cash flow highlights for the current and prior nine month periods. Cash generated from operations before the impact of changes in working capital was $2.2 billion for the nine months up 28% from last year, principally reflecting our strong earnings performance. As I noted earlier the increase in property, plant and equipment spending reflects the noted expenditures related to our construction program, and we had no share buy back activity this quarter, and dividends paid reflected for increased dividend rate. We'll move on to slide 14. Slide 14 provides an update of our current performance against our targeted long-term performance objectives. Return on net assets RONA for the rolling four quarters ended March 31, '08 was 13.3%. Exceeding our 13% long-term objective and continuing to exceed our approximately 8% cost of capital, in spite of the significant increases in working capital and construction progress related to our capital spending program. Our cost for metric ton of production objective of being less than $110 per ton, we were above our long-term target as our rolling average cost rose to $114.64 per ton. Largest changes were in our total energy related costs, both to power our factories and our transportation equipments. We also had increased personnel costs and we felt the impact of translating into dollars cost incurred in foreign currencies. And lastly, we've incurred higher cost this year to merchandise, handle and process the increased volumes of grains. These extra costs negatively impact this particular metric but also allowed us to capture the higher profit margins we have been experiencing. Details of the calculation of these non-GAAP RONA and cost per metric ton performance metrics can be found in the appendix to this presentation. And as we mentioned in last quarter's conference call we've included the slide in the deck today, slide 15, to give you an update on our major ongoing construction projects. At this time I'll handed over to John Rice to take you through this slide.
John Rice: Thank you, Steve and good morning everyone. I'll be discussing the information on slide 15. This period of unprecedented growth has proven to be challenging as we said before. We've experienced substantial delays due to weather, steel shipments and the ability to access available craft labor. We've retested these projects and we are optimistic about there investments. We also believe they will be very close to our original construction costs estimate at $2.5 billion. Our Columbus, Nebraska; ethanol facility is scheduled to be online in the third quarter of calendar 2009. The Cedar Rapids, Iowa; ethanol facility is scheduled to be online, first quarter of calendar 2010. These plants will each produce $275 million gallons of ethanol and are being built next to our existing corn wet milling operations to lower plant operation cost and the benefit from our extensive logistics network. We are converting two of our plants from natural gas to coal co-generation, one in Clinton, Iowa; where we are building our PHA plant and the other in Columbus, Nebraska; where we are building one of our dry ethanol mills. These plants will come on line in phases. In Clinton, there will be three phases for the three boilers and three turbines. Phase one for Clinton will be completed in the third quarter of this year, and the full project will be completed by the end of the first quarter of calendar 2009. Phase one at Columbus will be completed in the third quarter of next year, with the full project completed in the fourth quarter. Together, these plants will reduce our projected energy costs close to $200 million per year based on current natural gas and coal costs. Our PHA biodegradable plant expects to have commercial PHA product in the second quarter of calendar 2009. We look forward to producing commercial quantities of this unique product. Our cocoa plants first phase will be operational during the fourth quarter of calendar of 2008, and it will be fully operational in the third quarter of calendar of 2009. This state-of-the-art plant will deliver improved production efficiencies, as well as offering the opportunity to expand our chocolate product line. Finally, the Decatur, Propylene Ethylene Glycol plant will also be on online at the third quarter of next year. This plant adds a new product to our overall product portfolio, adding an additional processing option to our value chain. And we are looking forward to completing these projects and capturing additional value to our shareholders. Thank you. I'll turn it back over to you Pat.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, John. And operator we'll be happy to take question if you would open the call line for questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Eric.
Steve Mills: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess, my first question, John has to do with the project delays, I mean you kind of noted some shorter term issues, but how much of the ethanol delays coupled with the comments about capacity in the industry. I mean how much of the delays is a function of all that excess capacity coming online versus kind of the short-term stuff you mentioned.
John Rice: It was all of the short-term stuff. I mean, we still look at the returns on these two ethanol plants we are building. We feel very positive just because of the cost advantage we feel and the logistics advantage, but we did experience a lot of cold weather delays. I think I mentioned in the last call that I was up in one of the plants and the wind was blowing 40 - 50 miles an hour with a 50 below windshield and it's just tough to operate and also our steel shipments from China were delayed and they were just not production from the Chinese plants but also just the shipments and getting them through customs ended up delaying the projects also.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then to switch to second to the ethanol business, did you say that -- I think you said that volumes overall for the segment were down a few percent. But did you also say that ethanol volumes were up. Did I get that right?
Steve Mills: Our volumes are up.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: For both?
Steve Mills: For ethanol.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. But overall in the quarter, I thought that you said that the volume -- production volumes were down three.
Steve Mills: Overall production and when we speak to that, it's about the corn grind itself for the whole complex.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So the ethanol was up, but the overall segment volumes were down.
Steve Mills: From our production perspective.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then I guess the last question, Pat, I mean, as the industry, kind of moves its focus from North America to South America. When you would say that the Ag service results where kind of unprecedented, are you kind of signaling to us that because of the natural shift and where your assets are more concentrated, that the opportunities are reduced given the volumes that flow through your system in the move from North to South America?
Pat Woertz: Well, Eric, first of all, it's not a signal. It was a statement that these had been, the volatility this quarter was unprecedented, it was higher than we had ever seen before in any crops. What I was trying to say about the world crop situation, well sometimes you read that a panic associated with crops. I think that supply fundamentals of world crops are improving and as we move to South American harvest and a large soybean crop et cetera. Opportunities present themselves differently in different regions. So John, do you want to add anything to that?
John Rice: The only thing I would add, Eric is, as everybody is well aware these are unprecedented times in the commodities markets. We have seen wheat go from $5.5 then you get to the Minneapolis exchange on a synthetic basis got to $25, now it's back to $10, Chicago wheat is around $8. So we are always going to have a little bit of disruptions, which we have seen this last year. So it's always tough to say what the next quarter is going to look at, because a lot of different government policies may come into play and growing conditions also.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: And just one last thing and then it will pass it on. I think you have stated in your prepared remarks that the health of the South American farmer is pretty good, but Christina went down there recently, and I think that, I mean they look pretty good but not -- isn't like that breakeven level on soybeans not, you know price isn't that much above kind of breakeven. So in your opinion they're actually in better shape or kind of how do I judge that comment?
John Rice: Well, I was just down there also about two or three weeks ago. The big issues down there right now are obviously the currency and then the input cost. But I guess my read was that we did not see anybody talk about not expanding there. I still believe there'll still be a little bit more expansion on the crop for next year. And also, I'm hearing a lot more talk about people growing more double crop corn and even single crop corn. So I think we'll have to see what commodity prices look like when their planting season comes, but I guess I'm not looking for any decrease in acreage at all and looking at actually a little bit of increase in acreage.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research. Please proceed.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, David.
Steve Mills: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Well, first off, congratulations on a great quarter, couple of questions. Can you tell us what the average selling price was for ethanol during the quarter?
Steve Mills:  No. We do not give that information out. We usually talk about it on a spot basis. Right now, there's more demand than supply. We see that going on until probably about the middle of third quarter calendar year, and then we see more supply coming on.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Well, is it fair to say that the result should be improving because the spot market curve has continued to improve? So from our seat, the only thing we know is that you guys are contracting your volumes ahead of time. So it seems logical that that it's hard to say where any one quarter where your numbers exactly were, but yet these prices in the spot market have moved up materially. So again given where the corn costs are versus where the ethanol prices are, does it stand to reason that ethanol profitability should sequentially improve, is that true?
Steve Mills: No, I think your description is pretty accurate there. David, that spot prices have been moving up and it's a good way to think about it.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: I appreciate that.
John Rice: David, one thing you said; there isn't a lot more spot business. Going forward we are not seeing, we are seeing a little bit of more contracting going forward, but still a majority of the business seems to be spot within a two or three month period.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay. On Ag services, Eric was trying to get after this a little bit, but this result here was, it was extraordinary, almost $370 million. There is nothing to say about that other than this is absolutely fantastic. What it always leaves everybody out there wondering is what happens next? Can you give us, do you have any visibility on this next quarter or is the volatility -- Pat, may be you can just simply comment on the characteristics that drove these results, do they continue to exist right now?
Pat Woertz: It's always a hard question, David as you know, and we tried to describe the current situation as continued volatility and depending upon how one takes that word. What it means for us is that, markets continue to move and we see that, we are still seeing quarters, where we have not seem them like this before and as we sat in the same conference call last quarter, we said we can just see continued volatility but frankly we didn't know how high or how much. So I think we are trying to describe our current conditions as, certainly describing which crops have already come to market, which ones are containing to fill out and that globally our network, and certainly our intellectual capability should be able to capitalize on whatever opportunities we see and we should be good at doing that.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: So is it fair to say that conditions are good. We just don't know how good, until the results play out.
Pat Woertz: I think that's the fair way to say it, and I think that's the fair to say it.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: And my last question and I'll pass it on. Here I want to go back to Brazil. John you made an interest income in only about somewhat of a little acreage increase or just a slight acreage increase, maybe not exactly the words you used, but the global Ag prices really do seem to indicate that farmers around the world need to increase production. Inventories are very tight, its just that my basic gut reaction on these things is that the market signal should indicate the farmers for massive increases in production because of grain stock, Brazil seems to be the major lynchpin on how we are going to do this, we want to see acreage expansion. How firm are you or how convinced are you that acreage is just going to expand slightly. So kind of can you give us a little bit of your rationale to this and maybe some bigger broad picture color on the global grain market?
John Rice: Well, on the Brazil side it's more led to how we feel fertilizer prices and the Real is going to be at any given time. And then also just watching the corn, soy bean spread with the acreage of fodder in the United States we are expecting a lot bigger stocks in the US and also Brazil. So I won't be surprised to see the southern hemisphere actually expand a little bit more corn and our wheat acreage, so I think the soy bean supply and demand next year looks very well balanced, so I don't think that's going to be the issue and I think it's just going to be what other crops they can grow and they are also looking at expanding a little more sugar down there. But or when you look a the total crops, oil seeds looks to be very good, wheat looks to be very good and we have, as everybody is well aware, we're behind on corn planting this year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Okay. I appreciate the comments. Now I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, David.
Operator: Next question comes form the line of Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Diane.
Steve Mills: Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Congratulations on your quarter.
John Rice: Thank you.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Just a question on the ethanol side. It seems like the volume has been ratcheted up here, kind of a food versus fuel debate, obviously not new to our space. But I guess with the current iteration of the farm bill some of the changes made in the tax -- the tax incentive there, could you talk a little bit about how you would view changes in the tax incentive, temporary removal of the RFS standard this year and kind of current economics with where crude is versus the demand picture you have. Could you just comment on that?
Pat Woertz: Diane, let me kind of that from little bit of a higher plane and the come down to your question a bit. This whole debate we hear about, first of all I emphasize with the consumers who are paying a way more for certainly fuel at the pump and more for food. However, the food prices are driven as we know by record energy cost. That's the major contributors for higher food cost. Energy, the dollar, demand for food in China, etcetera. And I actually find its sad and maybe even a little ironic that these misguided attacks on biofuels is directed at the one alternative, we actually have today, to transportation fuel. We have other alternatives that people are working on for other types of energy but for transportation fuels, biofuel is the only thing that exist today and it actually increasing fuels supplies and by doing so reducing the price of fuel, and improving energy security. So, bio fuels are really a real solution to real problems. And I think retreat, which is what you are asking about in changes. Retreat from biofuels is wrong, its foolish I think it's dangerous, it's a mistake. Retreat from biofuels is just an anti-gesture, people talk about it. That they won't fill anybody's stomach and won't fill any gas tanks. Having said that if you think about some of the debate that is going on, again, I think it's misguided. Some day with the base of corn ethanol, for example in this country and the base of biofuels from food feedstock, which most go to food anyway 90%, 95%, when we move from the base today to second generation and third generation, farmers will plant more, we'll have more food, we'll have more fuel. I just think its misguided to think about changes in the energy bill are over-traction over retreat. And anyway, again I think it's an anti-gesture. John, do you want to add anything.
John Rice: Couldn't agree with you more, Pat. In terms of the market you had asked about the volumes. We do keep seeing the volumes increase and keep seeing more demand, more markets opening up. Ethanol is very cheap compared to gasoline right now. So it makes sense for the blenders to be adding ethanol at a faster rate as they can. And I see the market keep growing, we will have this Brazilian sugar harvest and ethanol coming into the United States probably right around June. We are starting to see a little bit more coming now and even with the tariffs that works coming into the United States. So as far as the -- you asked about the tax on the tariff side. It works now I don't know why we need to take it off while we are trying to expand our industry here in the United States.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Could you comment on at what level the economics would no longer work and here I'm really talking about the tax credit?
John Rice:  I'd just say really don't know how to answer to that question. It's all relationship on the price of gas, the price of corn you know the blender, I mean there is a lot of different scenarios in there. So, if you have $2 gas it's going to be one scenario as opposed to $3.5 to $4 gasoline.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay, but given the current environment we are in, and here I'm really speaking to the change that's in the current farm billing and to be honest with you it seems like the farm bill is changing day-to-day. In terms of what they intend to do with the tax credit. That seems to be the focus that I have from clients. So I was wondering if you could comment on the proposed change in the Farm Bill.
John Rice: I guess that is a proposed change, since ethanol prices can still go higher relative to gasoline, I could see that happening and the margins staying the same.
Pat Woertz: And, Diane, I think you are right that, daily we see that House and Senate leaders are working to determine the final, both the cost, the scope of the final Farm Bill. So I think the debate is ongoing, and the current state of flux is probably, to think about what it is today wouldn't be as fair to comment on as what it was yesterday and what it might be tomorrow, it's still in fluxed.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay, alright, well I appreciate that. Thank you.
John Rice: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Diane.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hello?
Pat Woertz: Hi Ken.
Steve Mills: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Just two questions, one is on the crop conditions, it seems like the plating in the US on corn seems to be a little bit behind history. Does that worry you at all or does that create more opportunities and how do you look at it going forward?
John Rice: Well, it's a good question. It's always, whenever crops are delayed, whether they are in the United States, South America you always do get a little bit concerned, but we always seem to be able to get the crops in the ground. We are 10% behind last year on corn. If we get some dry weather here in the next four or five days, with the equipment everybody has it's amazing how fast we get the crops on the ground and it won't really be a concern until you get to the end of May. Now you get to the middle of May, there is a talk that maybe you will lose a little bit of yield, but with corn prices I think everybody is going to make sure they would try to get the corn in the ground. And the only area that I hear is that's real wet is eastern Iowa.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And does it create opportunity given the volatility again. Does it extend the spread between corn here and around the world and how's that play out or does it not have an impact on Ag services?
John Rice: Well, sure, Ken. We will look at last year with the wheat prices, nobodys seen around the world. They started to use it in flour and they fed more corn. This year with what we are seeing in the wheat we could actually see more wheat being fed and less corn. So, I mean it's really like Steve Mills, I said it's really Econ 101, the supply and demand scenario and everything. But it does create a lot of opportunities for us. Yes.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And then the other question I have is on the crushing environment. Do you see any inflection point, any changes on the meal side or the vegetable oil side would either be positive or negative. Can you give us some clue on any deltas coming down the pike?
John Rice: On the protein meal side we hear talk, but to keep looking at the layers and the swine and cattle, we are starting to see a little cut back in cattle. It's going to affect corn, more than it does protein meals. But worldwide demand we are seeing very good demand on that and the oil demand even though we have very large oil stocks just because of the biodiesel is keeping the demand strong also.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate it.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Good morning, everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Pablo
John Rice: Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan:  Just a very specific question may be for John. When I think of Ag services in very simplistic terms is high prices. Are high prices by far the main driver of earnings growth in that division? Because you keep using the word "volatility and dislocation" but isn't just a fact that prices are so much higher that are driving earnings there? And related
John Rice: Yeah basically, I am sorry, go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Go on, go on
John Rice: It's really more of the opportunities globally, because of our global foot print of being able to move crops from one area to the other. We also get into our barge freight our elevation at the Gulf, vessel freight and being able to deliver to our customers and giving our customers flexibility in whatever products they want. And if they buy wheat and they want to switch over to corn or corn gluten feed. That's really what drives it, just gives us a lot of opportunity, just not purely high flat prices.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay, but on that point gentlemen, if I compare the environment say to a year ago, two years ago when your earnings in the division were much lower. I could make an argument that your food print, your lower footprint was already there. But the main difference in the meantime, it's really prices. I mean, their volatility and dislocation we had droughts back then and we also had some form of volatility. I mean, what has it really changed or what are you gaining volume share. Is the high price environment resulting in working capital paying for small traders and that also gives you opportunities? I am just trying to understand what has changed, because your lower footprint was there two years ago also, right?
John Rice: Well, higher volatility and our strong balance sheet obviously comes into play into that. We are able to buy more crops, be able to use our capital. To be able to not back out of markets when the volatility is high and be able to take on more ownership at any given time and then being able to sell them to our customers. But like I mentioned earlier, we saw wheat has gone from $22.50 in the Minneapolis to $25 down to $10. So I mean it's just not all price. The volatility also plays into the profitability there.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just on volumes, again on that division. You don't disclose volumes. For Ag services, but roughly, how important is volume growth there or is not really a relevant piece?
John Rice: Well, volume is very important. I mean, as we pick up volume in South America, we had a huge corn crop here in the United States. We handled additional volume there. It affects our barge line and also it affects ocean freight. So yes, volume does come into play.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay and just a couple of follow ups, moving onto ethanol. Given that the ethanol business, now you're saying there is more of a two to three months support basis compared to I understand six, nine months before. Does that mean that you also have changed your corn hedging policies, that perhaps you were longer corn for ethanol before and now you're shorter corn, only two-three months positions given the type of contracts you have?
John Rice: No, we haven't changed our philosophy on corn hedging. And on the ethanol side, just looking at the supply and demand scenario, which is always constantly changing as long as ethanol is very cheap to gasoline, we may see markets expand quicker than what we see. But right now, looks like we'll have excess supply in about the third or fourth quarter of this year, but it's not just the US supplies, it's also the Brazilian supply coming into the United States.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Right.
John Rice: These markets are constantly changing. It can be, all of a sudden, some of these new ethanol could have working capital issues and not be able to start up. We've seen those problems.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Right. And on that point, besides you announcing the relation of these two plants today, are you aware of other large projects are being delayed, because of a credit crunch. Is that something you can talk about that you know?
Pat Woertz: Just for a clarification, Pablo. Ours is not due to any credit crunch.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: That's right.
Pat Woertz: These are the delays that we talked about. We have seen some other announcements of delays, but any future ones, I can't say.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay and one last one. I mean, given this discussion on Brazilian sugar ethanol. Can you give us an update in terms of your plans to try to expand there. I mean Bunge is doing it on a greenfield basis, smaller scale basis. I mean, how are you thinking of that market, if you go in, would you go in large scale or would you start on a greenfield basis, piece meal basis, can you talk about that part?
Pat Woertz: Yeah, it's probably all of the above are opportunities for us, which means we could go in with a partner. What we do think about is something that could grow to the scale to be a significant contributor to ADM's shareholder value. So whether that's greenfield with a partner, expanding some production that already occurs toady, but looking at the market we have established a trading operation. We do understand the infrastructure and the ability to move in the region. So, stay tuned, we are evaluating all opportunities there.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Okay. And one very last one then I'll pass it on. I mean, I'm surprised on the sweetener side, your earnings are not striking as well as those of say Corn Products International. I'm just wondering, can you talk about your model there? I mean there is one that's on the tolling basis right, that's cost plus. So there I suppose corn is not a factor, and then on the fixed price side, I always made assumption, that in the fall you would hedge most of your corn, so your margins on the fixed priced contracts will be pretty much set for the year, and the only valuable there would be co-products, but corn prices have moved up, so earnings on co-products would be up. I'm just surprised about the weakness in sweetener earnings. I could conclude from it that maybe you are not as hedged as aggressively or you don't lock spreads on fixed priced contracts and you leave corn un-hedged there. Can you comment on that?
John Rice: Most of our business is flat priced. We do have tolls and some people have two to three year tolls also. But the majority of our businesses is flat priced, co-products can also have a timing issue on when they are actually sold and when they are shipped and how that effects the net corn price, but our basic philosophy is always stay hedged on corn. So that has not changed.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Pablo.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Vincent.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Just kind of a follow-up one of the things from earlier, but isn't it reasonable that just having a lot of maybe too much attention being played to the mandate in ethanol relative to the fact that it's, blending is really we are going to blend above the mandate again this year as we did last year and that's really a function of economics in other words the oil price, the RBOB price and the ethanol price rather than a government mandate?
Pat Woertz: Yeah and that's the kind of rates its supporting again that it's swelling supplies and it's good economically, yes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, what happened in Asia in oilseed this quarter that it was down?
Steve Mills: I think this is Steve, Vincent. We do pick up our share of Wilmar and its somewhat of an apples and oranges comparison. As you know Wilmar has been transitioning with its combination with cocoa and grain. And so that's just a combination of what was available to pick up to report last year and this year it's going to take a few more quarters to get a) apples-on-apples and also we are always a quarter behind and picking up their results. So it's kind of a mix and we just had a different ownership mix a year ago than we do today and that's going sort itself out.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then on corn costs and corn processing is there any relation to Ag services there. In other words, is there some scenario by which you have higher corn costs in corn processing because you see more opportunities to move corn around in Ag services and there is some offset there because you just are kind of picking a different piece of the value change to earn a better margin. Does that make any sense?
John Rice: Yes. But it doesn't. We don't really look at it that way.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
John Rice: We, I mean
Pat Woertz: The question makes sense
John Rice: But, Ag services has their own, they'll look at it more on a global basis on the corn and moving the corn from the elevator system. Now they will sell to the corn processing division, but really that's how we manage our business that way.
Steve Mills: And we sell it over at market prices. Now the question was good but we run them separately and there is no offset here.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And lastly I think what are you seeing in terms of Mexican high fructose corn syrup?
John Rice: We still see that market coming around this year we're making shipments down there as the first three months of this year domestically just because of the weather fructose demand was a little lower. But we still feel very positive that any loss we have in the United States and volume will be picked up in Mexico.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So in another words it's early days on that line. Okay, I'll pass it along.
Pat Woertz: Thank, Vincent.
Steve Mills: Thanks, Vincent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning.
Steve Mills: Hi, Christine.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just wanted to check on the impact that the strike in Argentina might have had on the quarterly results. It didn't get mentioned and I was just wondering if it actually helped you during the quarter or not yet?
John Rice: Well, we have operations and we are exporting corn and soybeans out of South America. That was really right before the harvest started. We did see some other opportunities in other parts of the world, because people are worried about getting their ships loaded in South America. So you may have little blips that help you in that kind of situation, but long term it's not very good to have Argentina not exporting in to the world market.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Do you see that situation getting resolved do you have any additional color from your visit or otherwise?
John Rice: I don't know.
Steve Mills: I think, I'll just jump in briefly. Exporting grain in Argentina is important for that country. It is one of their critical currencies, so just kind of go back to the fundamental of why I think it will sort it self out down the time, but I don't think we have much additional color then what's you're reason?
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Alright and then just in terms of the other countries, several other countries have put some more protectionist policies in place, kind of hording grain as it were as things get tight. How do you manage I guess your trades flows do you kind of anticipate political disruption and dislocations and how do you work around that when historical trade flows are disrupted?
John Rice: Well, those are always very tough at least for me to anticipate. Just like last year, the Ukraine quit exporting wheat. So that gave some other opportunities around the world, now during the last week the Ukraine is going to export wheat again because they feel better with their supply and demand. So it's always moving supply and demand scenario around the world.
Pat Woertz: One of the things I might add, Christine, is that that's the benefit of our global system is that even though you might not be able to anticipate, and I think it is hard to anticipate who is going to pull a new -- introduce a new export ban or a tariff or something of that sort. But with the global system that we have, we have the ability to react quickly and react to support both the customer and the markets that are needed.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Fair enough. And then just secondly, Pat, with all due respect, I do take modest exception with your comments that that ethanol has had no impact on fuel cost inflation, because 
Pat Woertz: Oh, I didn't say no. I just said it wasn't the major contributor like energy or the dollar, the demand for food, but go ahead with you question. Thanks.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Well, I'm just wondering, when we look at the losses in the livestock industry that we are seeing right now and realizing that they are your major customers here domestically. How do you go to those customers and say to them that your other major business is having a limited impact as it were, on their cost of production when in fact ethanol has increased its consumption of corn and there are limited supplies?
Pat Woertz: It's a great question, Christine, and I think it's helpful to have the intellectual debate that you are asking the question about. What I was trying to get to and particularly is not only do I empathize with the customer, but with those that are paying higher costs for feed as you mentioned, for ultimate packaged food et cetera. But to those that think about retreating from the policy is a way to fix that. It won't fix the problem and in fact it may have higher energy cost as a result of that or it may have higher even short term costs, let alone the long term impact of sending signals to the market where you want to encourage more growing of food and more growing of crops that could produce energy et cetera. By retreating from biofuels policies that can help with the long term, by making some short term gestures is called that I don't think would solve that problem is what I was trying to address. So, I think it's worse having the debate about what we can do and what people can do to help both with increasing the supplies of food and fuel and products that lead to both, I think that's where the discussion and the debate should happen. So, I appreciate your question and asking it in the way if there's some short term issues and then there is some longer terms to focus policy on. And I was trying to address the policy focused on long term should be important to keep the trend and keep the faith and keep the force.
Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research: I am sure there will be years of lively debate on that. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. You mentioned that in Europe, wheat conditions are much better this year that the crop should be very, very strong. My perception of one of the biggest drivers of the Ag services out-performance was that a lot of grain got shipped from North America and South America into Europe, because we didn't have wheat so they needed to substitute corn to feed their animals there. So, I keep thinking about the sustainability of what Ag services is doing and you yourself are describing it as exceptional. So I guess the question is, if wheat production is back to normal again in Europe and maybe some of these countries are going to stop like the Ukraine, they are going to stop the bans they put on exports. Doesn't that mean that you have fewer opportunities and fewer exceptional opportunities for profit in Ag services? Thank you.
Pat Woertz: That was a lot of it in there, Rob. So its this its that and I think there is some scenario kind of planning that could take you down a line of less opportunity and another that takes you down to more about the same and I guess what we are trying to say it's hard to tell. And every time you think one part of the crop or the globe is normal, something else seems to have a blip. So, whether it's weather related or other, I think your example what something is obviously away one of the scenarios that could unfold.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: John Rice, do you have any opinion on that?
John Rice: Yes, I mean
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Probably the grain part
John Rice: I totally agree with what Pat was saying, you know you always have different opportunities. This year we have an inverse in the soybean market here in United States, but South America has a very large crop. So I mean there is all these world dynamics that are constantly changing nowadays and we are always looking at those different opportunities.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay and let me ask one question on bio fuels. If blenders are now find it economically viable to blend ethanol, because ethanol is now priced below wholesale gas. What is the necessity than in your opinion of the $0.51 blender credit? I mean, do we need that credit any more? And do we also need the $0.54 import tariff on sugar ethanol?
John Rice: I think as long as we are building this industry, we are still in the early stages of building this industry. It's very important to keep the import tariff. They are already shipping ethanol with it and then also through the Caribbean they can ship it without the tariff. But I think it has really helped with more corn production in building of the industry. So yes, I do think it's important.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport. Please proceed.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Good morning.
Pat Woertz:  Good morning, Ann
Steve Mills: Good morning, Ann
John Rice: Good morning, Ann
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to get an update on GMO grains getting shipped to Europe. Can we just get an update on that? Any changes?
Steve Mills: I'm not aware of any changes here in the last two, three weeks. They haven't asked the question. But you know, they're still going through their process of -- it's just a slower process. So there's nothing new that I'm aware of.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: We didn't have process would speed up given the still tight supply of grains globally.
Steve Mills: You would think so but we just haven't seen that happen over there. You know, especially with a better crop in Europe, they may not have the need to speed that process up to make sure they can have more imports.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Right. That's all I have. Thanks.
John Rice: Thanks, Ann.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Ann.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research:  Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, John.
John Rice: Good morning, John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Pat, I think you've earlier said that ADM would be interested in substantially increasing its presence in Brazil including the possibility of a transaction. Could you just maybe characterize the deal market there, in light of the credit conditions, the sugarcane market changes and so forth?
Pat Woertz: Yeah. I might start but I'd ask on Steve to add to it in his role with strategy work. I guess he has the most updated information. But we've been able to look at several possibilities of which, we're open to a variety of transactions, but again, waiting as well for the right market conditions, the right partner, the right infrastructure work, and our own evaluation of those opportunities. As far as the deal market, Steve, do you want to comment there?
Steven Mills:  Well, I think in this particular area, with Brazil's sugar ethanol, as Pat mentioned, we've been looking for sometime had a lot of discussions and I really don't see the credit side of the world having much impact here. I think there are still good opportunities and I think there is still real interest there. We talk to people, I won't say everyday but on a regular basis. So, I don't see that's really changing much.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Is the value gap between buyers and sellers large? Has it increased over the past year or decreased?
Pat Woertz: What did you ask, John?
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: In negotiations or discussions, is there a large gap between -- there is just an unwillingness to do transactions or is there a large value gap?
Steven Mills: I think it's, you know, for us it's always a value discussion. We're looking to make a long-term investment, get good returns for the shareholder. We're also sitting here in a time of moving markets. And just like any negotiation in a market that has some heat to it, which the sugar ethanol has had, you sometime get some differences of opinion in the values. So I would say it's more on the value side.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, John.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Pat, I guess I just want to go back to the comments that you've made on ethanol. I mean, it just seems that, the corn lobby and the ethanol lobby has really dominated in Washington. On the one hand, you have Grassley jumping out of his seat when the 35 billion gallon mandate was first talked about and you have Dick Bond of Tyson talking to CAGNY that it's criminal what's going on. And so there is a lot of politics in everything and there is a lot of lobby in going on towards Bush is talking about food and fuel at 10:30 this morning. But I guess as shareholders -- why shouldn't we be just much more concerned about this business if things are coming up for debate whether it's the level of the mandate, the amount of tariffs, sugar coming in with billions of dollars of capital that you have on the line in building into these dry mill dedicated facilities. I mean it just seems to me that as a shareholder, we just have to be more concerned about that stream of profits -- with the understanding it's part of the business, it's not everything. Can you comment on that?
Pat Woertz: Yeah, Eric. Thank you for the question. And as a shareholder and as shareholders, I think one should always be challenging and questioning both the investments and philosophy and the operations of the business. A quick correction it's not billions for the ethanol business it's millions. And I think what -- why I bring it up is a good intellectual discussion to have is that while there is debate and while there is challenge about energy policy, energy itself is quite a complex set of discussions about what drives $110 and $120 crude oil prices, later on what drives gasoline and diesel margins, later on what drives agricultural products and commodity prices and I think having -- if people worry about unintended consequences and policy for the longer term, I think having a lack of certainty versus some certainty. And certainly this last ground of the energy build allowed some certainty for investors like ourselves particularly those that can do large scale projects and provides significant supplies of fuel to the system, that certainty is important for investors to count on and to have in the longer term. And so it's worth asking the questions as you're doing as -- can I have that certainty? And why we're commenting about how that certainty is even more important even under some challenging short-term conditions, it's important to stay the course. And the course will provide in the longer term the bigger volumes that come from whether second generation, third et cetera, which is why policymakers put it in place in the first place. So retreating on it, again, is something that I think is misguided and misinformed. And again, high energy prices and high energy cost incorporated in fuel prices is one of the thing that actually, again, ethanol or other biofuels can now mitigate.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And then, just as a quick follow-up, maybe, somewhat related in terms of capital allocation is the lack of share repurchase this quarter, a function of the working capital usage and not a function of your view on the value of the stock?
Pat Woertz: We consider a use of cash every quarter. And as you know, this quarter large amount of that went to not only increases in working capital but our continued capital projects, dividend, share repurchases always one of the items in the mix, and so it always will be.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Alright. I'll pass alone. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much for taking the follow on. Were you profitable on lysine?
John Rice: Yes.
Steven Mills: Yes.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So, if I kind a do a calculation of your ethanol business as a percentage of your overall profitability, it might be less than either 9%, is that fair?
Steven Mills: I don't know the answer there. I'll stop here. We don't -- we haven't looked at it that way. We're always looking at what opportunities and products we can make. And right now, we're seeing with the feed demand globally. We're seeing lot better returns on lysine. So we're, as a matter of fact, have an expansion going on our lysine plants, a smaller expansion.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: If I look forward, I mean, do you expect ethanol to be going out in three to four year -- I mean by my back of the envelope calculation, again, I see it as being less than 10% of your profit this quarter. But even though now, I mean, is it -- do you ever expect it to be more than a quarter of your earnings or do you still expect to be doing other business besides ethanol?
John Rice: It's always a mix. So it's one of the great thanks about our franchise that we make it all across the board. And I'd never say that it wouldn't be at certain percentage or not at certain percentage. We're hoping the whole tie gets bigger.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: We're showing no more questions in queue. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Patricia Woertz for his closing remarks.
Pat Woertz: Okay. That's it for our end. Thank you so much for your interest and your great questions and we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad - VP of IR Pat Woertz - Chairman, President and CEO John Stott - VP and Controller John Rice - EVP of Commercial and Production
Analysts: Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Ann Gurkin - Davenport Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2008, Archer Daniels Midland Company earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Eric. Good morning and welcome to ADM's second quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting our call, and that you can access it at ADM's website, admworld.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the company's Safe Harbor statement, which says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current view, and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance, and financial results. The statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. Slide 3 lists the matters we will discuss in our conference call today, and I will now turn it over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Patricia Woertz. Pat?
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and good morning, everyone. ADM today did announce a record second quarter earnings of $473 million, up 7% from last year. Our diluted earnings per share increased 9% to $0.73 per share, and it was a quarter which we successfully, I think, captured enhanced opportunities to expand our margins. We did grow volumes for some of our key business units that demonstrated the value and the strength of our diversified broad asset base and product portfolio. I am very pleased with this performance, and particularly the positive momentum that we have recently built, in these volatile market conditions. These earnings reflect the outstanding capabilities of our talented people, and the unique global asset footprint to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. Before I turn the call over for our financial discussion, I wanted to comment that we wish Doug Schmalz the best in his recovery. He had knee surgery on Saturday evening, and he is recuperating at the moment. So, John Stott, Vice President and Controller, will cover the financial discussion this morning in the slides, and then, John Rice, John Stott and I will return for Q&A. So over to you, Mr. Stott.
John Stott: Thanks, Pat. Good morning everyone, and thank you for being on the call today. Turning to slide 4, you will see a summary of this quarter's financial highlights. Net sales and other operating income increased 50%, to $16.5 billion. Approximately three quarters of this increase is attributable to increases in commodity selling prices, particularly grains and oilseeds, and approximately one quarter is attributable to increased sales volumes of mainly grains, ethanol and soybeans. Gross profit grew 4% to $948 million, as operating margins in oilseeds, agricultural services, and wheat processing improved. Partially offsetting these improvements was a decrease in the operating profits for bioproducts, which along with LIFO charges, more than doubled to $225 million, reflecting the major increases in commodity price levels. Excluding LIFO charges, gross profits increased 16% to $1.2 billion. General and administrative expenses for selling, increased to $40 million or 13% this quarter from a year ago, due mainly to three factors. First, we incurred costs of $9 million related to a consolidation project of European operations, which should provide costs, tax savings, and efficiencies going forward. Secondly, overall personnel costs increased to $15 million. And third, the effective foreign currency translation, primarily from the euro, increased by $10 million. Financing costs net, which comprises interest expense less investment income, was $44 million in the quarter, similar to last year, as substantially higher average debt levels, used to finance the increases in working capital needs, were offset by lower interest rates, due to the capital market transactions we completed during the last half of fiscal '07. Our effective tax rate this quarter was 31%, up slightly from last year's second quarter, and down just slightly from our 2007 full fiscal year rate of 31.5%, due principally to shifts in our estimated geographic mix of earnings. Net earnings and earnings per share increased 7% and 9% respectively, representing a new company record second quarter, and building upon last quarter, a very positive first half of fiscal '08. Turning to slide 5, we'll focus on certain items impacting our second quarter's results, and as usual, these amounts are stated on an after-tax basis. Commodity prices continue to substantially rally throughout the quarter, resulting in an after-tax LIFO charge of $139 million, or $0.21 per share compared to $67 million, or $0.10 per share last year. We also had some gains on the securities and abandonment charges that are shown here to help your analysis. Net earnings, excluding these items, were $614 million, $0.95 per share in the second quarter '08, compared to $505 million, $0.76 per share last year, an increase of 25% in per share earnings on this basis. You'll find a normal schedule, showing the full breakdown of these amounts by segment for the comparable quarters and year-to-dates, in the appendix to this presentation. Slide 6 gives an update of our current performance against our targeted long-term performance objectives. As expected, return on the assets for the rolling four quarters ending December '07, has decreased to 13.6%. This decrease was impacted by the significant increases in working capital and capital expenditures, but, is still tracking ahead of our 13% on average long-term target. Turning to our cost per metric ton of production objective, our rolling four-quarter cost came in at $111.17, slightly over our target of less than $110 per ton processed. Cost incurred in support of the additional crop volumes handled by agricultural services, cost related to our European consolidation project, and abandonment and realignment charges were included in this calculation. The impact of currency translation and, in particular, the strong euro also increased cost in the fist six months of fiscal '08. As a commodity processor, we have committed to running our businesses in the most cost effective ways, to be the lowest-cost producer as we identify ways to build shareholder value from the many opportunities that we see. We track all costs carefully to ensure that every dollar spent supports our profit opportunities, or creates cost efficiencies going forward. We will start to realize cost saving from our recently announced corporate realignment, and European consolidation project, in the next few quarters. Also, a number of our capital projects, such as our investments in co-generation, are investments that will improve our cost efficiencies and build competitive advantage going forward. Details of the calculations of these non-GAAP RONA, and cost per metric ton performance metrics can also be found in the appendix to this presentation, including by commodity volume breakdowns of prior quarters. Slide 7 is a comparative summary of segment operating profits. Total operating profit for the quarter increased 25%, to a record second quarter $955 million. On slide 8 to slide 12, I'll review in more detail each individual segments comparative quarterly earnings. Slide 8 is an operating profit analysis of the oilseeds processing segment. Oilseeds processing operating profit increased 14%, to $219 million from $192 million last year, and was, in fact, a record second quarter for the oilseeds segment. Crushing and origination results improved $12 million due to ongoing strong global demand for vegetable oil and protein meal. Processing margins in North America, and origination income in South America, both improved and were partially offset by higher manufacturing expenses, principally energy and depreciation. In addition, European operating results declined, principally due to higher raw material prices. Refining, packaging, biodiesel, and higher results declined $7 million due to an increase of $13 million in charges for assets abandonment's taken this quarter. Excluding these charges, comparable operating results increased $8 million, due principally to our new North American biodiesel plant, and improved packaged oils margins in North America. Asia results reflect the company share of improved operating earnings of Wilmar International. We continue to see strong global demand for protein meal and vegetable oil. In the US, [NOVA] has recently reported increased capacity utilization in the low 90% range. The USDA is projecting a 6.5 million acres shift from corn to beans in 2008. Crop conditions in Brazil and Europe are good. We do currently continue to see overcapacity in global biodiesel. Slide 9, summarizes second quarter operating profit for the corn processing segment, which decreased 18% to $275 million, from $336 million last year. Sweeteners and starches results declined $5 million, as increased corn costs and higher manufacturing expenses were almost offset by higher selling prices for all key products. Bioproducts results declined $56 million, due principally to lower ethanol selling prices and higher corn costs, partially offset by increased ethanol sales volumes and improved pricing results. Current market conditions for corn processing remain mixed. We are currently seeing higher corn costs, and are expecting to see increased average ethanol and sweetener selling prices. North American ethanol markets are continuing to grow. Spot prices have increased to about $2.40 a gallon delivered. We look cautiously ahead as forward cash prices reflect market concerns about the industry's ability to absorb new additional capacity scheduled to come into production. Lastly we look forward to the full benefit of NAFTA. I would turn to slide 10, which highlights our Agricultural Services operating profits. This quarter was an exceptional quarter for our merchandising and handling businesses, which drove overall Agricultural Services operating profits up 140% to $315 million. Merchandising and handling results improved $194 million, as we handled record quantities of grains and oil seeds, and capitalized on margin opportunities in grain origination, freight, and export markets. These opportunities resulted from large US crops, global grain imbalances, volatile market conditions, and expanding supply chain needs. Operating earnings from barge and truck transportation declined $10 million, due principally to higher fuel and labor costs, and somewhat lower southbound barge freight rates. Rapidly changing market factors translate into facing a different set of market opportunities for Agricultural Services each new quarter. We continue to see volatility in ocean freight and commodity markets, and have seen that the largest part of the US crop has already moved to market. Slide 11 is an operating profit analysis of the other segments showing a $38 million improvement to $146 million, from $108 million last year. Wheat, cocoa, and malt improved $28 million due principally to improved margin conditions in North American wheat milling, and our malt business. These improvements were partially offset by weaker cocoa press and chocolate margins. Current conditions in cocoa should support a better margin outlook going forward, and we continue to focus on finding network and plant efficiencies in wheat processing, and on driving cost efficiency improvements in our malt operations. Financial earnings increased $10 million due to marketable security gains from the company's brokerage services business. Slide 12, looks at our corporate costs, which increased $132 million, to $270 million due principally to the $118 million increase in LIFO inventory valuations caused by significant commodity price increases. Net investment income, increased $15 million, and corporate costs were up $11 million mainly due to the cause of European consolidation project. Other costs principally the elimination of our minority interests increased $18 million. Slide 13, is a summary of the company's financial condition, as of December 31st. The strengths of our balance sheet, and access to liquidity in the capital markets, has allowed us to support a significant increase in our working capital levels, and capture the profit opportunities it provides. Working capital increased $5 billion, due principally to increased commodity price levels. To put this into context, CBOT soybean futures prices are up over 70% year-over-year. Wheat futures were up anywhere from 55% to 100%, depending on the delivery month, and Corn futures prices were up 20% to 30%. Capturing profit opportunities through prudent risk management of working capital is critical to enhancing shareholder value. Having the flexibility to capture these opportunities, was instrumental to our strong performance in these very volatile market conditions. We understand that working capital costs can be very significant for our business, and we monitor efficiency very closely. Despite the higher absolute dollar levels, we are pleased with our overall management of working capital for example of receivable levels, as our daily sales outstanding trend has been positive. Property, plant, and equipment increased $564 million, primarily due to good progress with our ongoing construction program. Short and long-term debt increased to $4.5 billion to support the increased working capital needs. Slide 14 focuses on our first half cash flow highlights. Cash generated from operations before changes in working capital, remain strong at $1.4 billion, reflecting our strong earnings performance. As previously mentioned, to support the higher working capital and capital spend, our total debt rose approximately $4.5 billion from June '07. Cyclically, it's normal to see our debt levels rise during the first half of our fiscal year, but this year's trend is more pronounced due to the significant increases in commodity price levels, that we have seen. Dividends were normal, and we had no significant share buyback activity this quarter. At this time, I'll turn the call back to Pat and we'll be glad to take your questions.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, John, and thank you for filling in for Doug. Operator Eric, if you don't mind please open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Congratulations on your quarter.
Pat Woertz: Thank you.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Hey, just a question here on the AG services, which has obviously exceeded expectations, big crops here in the US. Can you just give us some idea about what we should look for on the kind of longer-term basis, kind of what's the sustainable level in that business?
Pat Woertz: Well, let me start on that, Diane, and then maybe John Rice can jump in. Each quarter gives us a different set of opportunities to look at, and I would suggest the size of the crop this year in certainly our merchandising and handling this past quarter has been something that has given us tremendous opportunity to take advantage of. We have the opportunity to export as, in fact, maybe more or so than almost anyone. We've got the balance sheet to finance the opportunity in terms of increased working capital. So, I know that doesn't give you a lot of specifics about the longer term, but it does say we are of the size and scope that if anybody can handle these opportunities, we should be able to do so. John.
John Rice: Diane, actually what's happened this last year too is we saw a very good wheat export throughout the United States, moving that around to different parts of the world along with corn. Soybeans are down a little bit this year, but it's really been our group's effectiveness in working together with the global markets and moving crops from one area to the next. We have the South American harvest going to be coming on here shortly. Brazil is starting in Mato Grosso, and we have to watch the range in Argentina here in the next two to three weeks. But long-term, I think we are very well setup to be able to manage these volatile markets and along with the freights.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Well, I guess my question is; if we do see the acreage switch back in the US this year, as you indicated that USDA is 6.5 million acres, obviously it's a long time until we actually plant. But, do you see acreage switch back? I mean the volume coming off of soybeans is smaller than the volume coming off of corn. So I guess, is this kind of a record level and we'll never see this level again? If we do have that switch back, I mean if you could just maybe talk about it in volume terms, which you would expect to handle?
John Rice: Well, a lot of the switchback is still up in the air. That was the latest USDA number. A lot has to do with how the weather perceives here in February and March and also what the prices of commodities are at that time. And a lot of the acreage we are seeing switched is really more on the fringe areas. We still see the Midwest, Iowa, Illinois and Ohio areas still going to plant a lot of corn. So on the total bushel acreage, or total bushel number, I still don't see how it will all play out. But it's not going to be as dramatic as what I think everybody thinks right now.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay, I appreciate that. And then I guess a question on oilseeds. If I look at the volume numbers you have indicated for the first six months, it looks like the second quarter volumes were still up in the second quarter. They were not up as much as they were in the first quarter. Is there a timing issue there? Could you maybe comment on where we stand on capacity utilization rates in sort of your major geographies? I think you gave some industry data, but if you could just talk about it, and particularly in North American market and expansion plans there to give us a feel for what's happening in the North American market?
John Rice: We're seeing a very good demand for meal, export of meal and domestically. Then also on the oil side, we are seeing biodiesel demand coming to the market as the markets move and the basis moves with it. So people are able to move a little bit of biodiesel over to Europe. We are also seeing very good demand coming up here in the last month or two on exports over to China. So, right now as North America sets, I see very good demand going forward. The key in the North American market is that there will be an inverse in the market in July, owing to new crop and how the actual size of the crop churns out and then actually how we manage our way through that inverse. So, that's really going to be the key going forward.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
John Rice:  Welcome.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please proceed.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Great, thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone.
John Stott: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Hi, David.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Pat, on the last call, I think both you and Doug had commented on your expectation to see better co-product pricing, and as a result, better net corn costs. Given the report today, that doesn't appear to be true that net corn costs were actually higher. Can you talk about the trend here? And obviously I watch the corn prices in the market. I see what's happened there. But I would have suspected that you would have been more insulated to those things with some hedges. Can you give us a little color on what happened in the quarter relative to those comments from last call and then maybe a bit of an outlook? How worried should everybody be with corn prices at these levels?
Pat Woertz: Well, co-product credits for wet milling are strong. They are roughly about 45% of corn price, but spot net corn is higher and probably higher than maybe your expectations or than others for the second quarter. I think our ability in the longer term to manage through where we are toward the end of the cycle here or the end of the season in the US is important, and I think there is going to be kind of a mixed outlook going forward in the corn sector. John, you might want to comment at least on the pricing side as well?
John Stott: David, we're also comparing here year-over-year on quarters. So, there has been a runoff on the market there. But also, we are seeing very good co-product credits as we had and Doug mentioned in the last conference call. But as markets move higher, we're obviously going to see a little bit of a pass-though come to our P&L on that. I mean, we never have a 100% of corn bought at any given time for a whole year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Well, thus, can we simplify the statement and just say that with the rise in corn prices, the net corn costs given $5 a corn is likely to be more owner-risk in the next 12 months than it was in the past 12 months? Is that a reasonable statement?
John Stott: I guess I necessarily wouldn't say that.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Wouldn't say that?
John Stott: Right.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Could you give us some color around that?
John Stott: I guess I totally didn't understand the question.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Are corn costs going to be more owner-risk over the next 12 months than they were in the past 12 months? Should we look for favorability or should we look for a negative variance over the course of the next year?
Pat Woertz: That's really hard to say, David. That's one of those that gets really close to guidance. I mean --.
John Rice: The market trend is really going to dictate a lot of our corn costs. That's may be the best way to say it. Now, how things go from quarter-to-quarter, you always have variance just on timings of your shipments, just on timing on how the bushels are slotted at any given period of time and just how it goes to the accounting book. So, I think the best way to look at it is going forward as corn prices go higher, yes, our net corn prices will show up increases.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Okay, thank you. Two more quick questions on the corn side. Ethanol prices, Pat, you made a comment about this. Sometime in the past, you have given us a little color on the difference between contracted volumes and spot volumes. Were spot volumes the significant component of your sales in the quarter? And really, the heart of my question here is, should we be looking for a significant step-up in ethanol pricing in the next couple of quarters, given what've seen in the spot market, or is ADM substantially contracted out, thus you wouldn't see a movement reflecting spot changes?
Pat Woertz: Actually, spot is a higher and higher amount, I think, each quarter. Or maybe another way to look at it is there are shorter contract periods than there have been in the past. So, a little bit of the inverse of what you were saying, not long-term contracts on a 100% basis. Therefore, going forward in the full year, I do think that spot prices are higher, but we expect ethanol prices to be up versus the second quarter. When you look at many quarters, you see a little question mark about the market, and you see some question about whether or not the full capacity as it comes on-stream will have a home? But we do see much more spot activity.
John Rice: That's exactly right, Pat. As everybody sees the same data you're looking at, David, is they see a lot more capacity coming on. You see the South America crop coming on and sugar harvest along about April, May. So, everybody is just really playing it more hand-to-mouth. Some people maybe go out two to three or four months, just make sure they have a supply if they're opening up a new market. But, right now, everybody sees a lot more of supply than the demand, going forward, and they have everybody just going on a month-to-month basis.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: If I could sneak in a final question, did you see any shipments to Mexico pursuant to an opening of the border on January 1, did that actually start to happen?
John Rice: We haven't shipping to Mexico over the last two, three years because we've had a -- I forgot what the word is, not a quota, but allocation on shipments down there. To say there was any more right before the first year as opposed to after the first year, no. But we see with NAFTA shipments going to keep increasing to Mexico, we feel over this next year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup:  Thanks for the comments and congratulation on a nice quarter.
John Rice: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrew with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everybody.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Vincent
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: John, I think to follow-up on Diane's question, I think what you were alluding to, and tell me if I'm wrong, but it sounds like the switch back from corn to soybean, if one takes place, will probably take place on acreage that yields well below the 150 bushel per acre average, and therefore, the volume effect will be lower than we would think on a weighted-average-basis. Is that about right?
John Stott: Yes. That's what our thinking is right now and a lot of the market is thinking. It's really more of the fringe acres or fringe areas that will see more of the dramatic switch.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Obviously, it'd be hard to imagine that the volume will increase from more corn acres this year, regardless of which ones they were, it didn't help. But was it volume that really drove the out-performance or was it price and supply dislocations, or just higher overall prices in AG services? I mean, can you give us any greater color on that?
Pat Woertz: That's a great comment.
John Stott: It's all of the above. This is one of the first years in a long time that we exported a lot of wheat out of the United States. We saw a lack of a lot of corn and soybean exports. And different parts of world had -- Australia, had a bad crop. So, the normal shipping changes were not the same, and we were able to execute on that very well in this last two quarters, actually the last year.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Are you gaining market share versus the local player due to your global reach, and I would imagine the local player could be strapped from a working capital perspective, has that been an opportunity for you?
John Rice: I guess I won't know the answer to that question.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Then I guess it won't, okay.
John Stott: Sure, and we're at all parts of the world. And yeah, I'm sure our people do, but I actually don't know the answer to what our volume is in any given particular region of the world whether we gained a lot or not.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay. But you don't generically disagree with the idea that that's possible?
Pat Woertz: The premise that we have the strong balance sheet to be able to use these working capital increases is the right premise.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just in the transportation component of AG services, what's going on now? It wasn't large, but I think most people would have expected that you'd be able to do better in that segment, not worse.
John Stott: Well, fuel costs were higher in the transportation sector; that's our trucking and also barge line. And we saw a downturn in imports in the United States just because of the construction industry. So, barge rates were not as high like they were in the last couple quarters.
Pat Woertz: And Vincent, you may recall that this is off from a very good quarter in '07.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Pat Woertz: So, it's still a good quarter in transportation. It's just off from a very high one.
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much. I'll pass it along.
John Stott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Christina.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: If I look at sweeteners and starches on a sequential basis, I was a little surprised to see that it was down, because I would assume pricing as relatively the same sequentially, volumes are probably lighter. But you had the benefit of the new crop coming in, so I thought your net corn costs would be lower. But then bioproducts was higher than we expected. Was there any shifting, maybe of capacity out of fructose into ethanol because, maybe, ethanol spot prices ran on you in the quarter?
Pat Woertz: We're trying to follow your question here, Christina. John?
John Stott: Okay. Christina, I guess, you are correct. I mean partly the net earnings were down, or earnings were down sequentially. I don't think it was really a very significant decline, and obviously, similar to the quarter a year ago. No one single factor really caused that. It's lots of things that go in there. As we mentioned, there is an impact from higher corn costs that was offset by higher selling prices. It's difficult to break it down for you. I'll give you one thing that's really deeper than that.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: So, sequentially corn costs were higher?
John Stott: Sequentially corn costs were a little bit higher. Yeah, just a little bit higher.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. But the volume was just normally how it is. Wasn't there any kind of swinging back into ethanol?
John Stott: No, volumes were very normal.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then you had mentioned higher manufacturing costs, what were those?
John Stott: Principally it is energy. Fuel costs are up from a year ago. We had a little bit more repair and maintenance type-cost activity going on too, but principally energy.
Pat Woertz: And keep in mind, Christina that our fuel costs, which are in the transportation sector, are also included in that manufacturing cost.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, next question. If you look at use of ethanol last year versus demand, we were say 1.5 billion to 2 billion gallons above. And I understand that those credits carry-forward into '08, but expire at the end of this year. So, is there a way that ethanol demand in '08 could be lower than 9 billion gallons because of the use of these rents?
John Rice: Yes, it is correct. I don't remember the exact number, but I think it's maybe an 800 million gallon number of the rents. But a lot of it has to do with whether the customers have the infrastructure in, whether they want to go buy the rents whatever the rents are at; I think they are about a nickel right now, or if they're going to start blending ethanol, they're just better off because of the discount or the value of ethanol that too are about, if it makes more sense for them to blend ethanol. So, that could be a factor going forward.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
John Rice: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Tell me to tag team over here. I guess I have just kind of a quick follow-up to Christine's question on the rents, John?
John Rice: Yes.
Eric Katzman  Deutsche Bank: But I thought if those expire by the end of this year and therefore wouldn't it be really to the advantage of the refiner to use them, because otherwise they go away?
John Rice: Well, it's going to be a financial decision. Are they better off to pay $0.04 or $0.05 per rent or are they better off doing that or if they can blend ethanol and let's say it's 30 over and they get $0.51 tax-break and they get $0.20 that way, are they better off blending ethanol, a lot of that has to do with their refining capacities and logistics and everything else. So, I wouldn't say necessarily it's automatic on that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just I guess a question to Pat. I'm a little bit, I guess first of all, you've obviously, the disclosure versus years ago is fantastic and I have to thank you for that. But I'm a little bit, I guess surprised on slide 5 that you would use LIFO as kind of an extraordinary item because in reality the AG service business benefits from the rising volume and pricing of the commodity markets and so to a certain extent the offset is the LIFO charge. So I think it's a little bit of apples-and-oranges there, or kind of cherry-picking let's say. Can you kind of respond to that?
Pat Woertz:  It's a great observation. Actually Eric, we've had some of the same discussion ourselves as to what is with unusual items, and with the higher commodity prices. What we've seen in about of couple of years, LIFO is actually more of a usual charge in a quarter than an unusual one, and then towards the other things on the page. So as we continue to want to disclose more, I think you're always going to hear about the LIFO charge. Now whether or not it turns up on a page, earnings, earnings or earnings you know that is what we all do. So I think both numbers at the moment are important to kind of look back and see our historical way of reporting but, I think you're right about how unusual it is.
Eric Katzman : Okay, and then its too bad about Doug and his knee, I've been through knee surgery. But, you own a bank that's kind of buried into the financial numbers, and I assume that it's doing quite well given farmer income and land values. But given everything that's been going on with banks, is there anything in the bank balance sheet that we need to worry about, maybe because he's out, and it's too specific a question, but do you have any thoughts there?
 Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then its too bad about Doug and his knee, I've been through knee surgery. But, you own a bank that's kind of buried into the financial numbers, and I assume that it's doing quite well given farmer income and land values. But given everything that's been going on with banks, is there anything in the bank balance sheet that we need to worry about, maybe because he's out, and it's too specific a question, but do you have any thoughts there?
Pat Woertz:  Yeah, I think since you ask the question about worry, I'd say its not. No, it's a very normal transaction. There is work that the bank does for us and fits into our scheme. You'd argue it's not necessarily a strategic asset that one that we held for a while. John, do you want to comment at all on the financials?
John Stott:  Yes, I think I'd just add from a numbers point of view the results were very normal this quarter and from an analysis of the closing position, we don't believe that there is anything to worry about it in the bank's balance sheet. So, there is nothing to worry about, going forward.
Eric Katzman : So, is there no sub-prime stuff that's being killing every bank on the planet?
 Deutsche Bank: So, is there no sub-prime stuff that's being killing every bank on the planet?
Pat Woertz: We are not a really big city here, Eric.
Eric Katzman : Yeah I have been there.
 Deutsche Bank: Yeah I have been there.
Pat Woertz: So we might not have the same credit issues, maybe on the sub-prime as elsewhere.
Eric Katzman : Okay. Alright. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
 Deutsche Bank: Okay. Alright. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Christine.
John Rice: Good morning.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: I just wanted to get an update, if I could on your new ethanol capacities and when that might be coming on line?
Pat Woertz: Actually it's a great question about all of our projects and one thing we wanted to mention is that, next quarter we'll give an update on all those projects. After we get through the winter here which has to do with a major piece of the construction period, particularly the weather, steel delivery et cetera. We'll give you an update on both the projects and the timing. Having said that, there is one -- the two projects, one is expected to come on at the end of '08 and the other towards the end of '09. And that's pretty close to actually maybe pushed out just a tad from our original estimates.
John Rice: Again, there is lots of that. I was up visiting one of the plants during this cold weather, with 20 below and about 30 mile an our wind, it is very tough to work outside. So, like Pat said, we will update that once we get through the winter months and we'll have a better indication on when the completion dates will be.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: You get the sun [stirred] in the cold weather, freezing temperatures is having any impact on anther plants might come on line when you look out at the scheduled capacity additions that, I guess, lot of the industries looking for. Is it, your expectation that maybe some of that will come on a little later then it is currently planned for?
John Stott: If it is having an effect on us, it's having an effect on everybody, but also a working capital is an issue for a lot of these smaller companies. When they have to -- once they actually get their plant built they have to go out and source the corn, they have to be able to carry inventories. We are hearing plants not being able to start up just because of working capital issues. So, I think it's a little bit of everything for everybody, but long-term I still think, we are going to have over. We are going to have enough capacity on the market, once April, May, gets around. The market is still very tight, during -- well, I would say through March, April.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: We've heard lately that there is a possible proposal coming from the administration to pull that Brazilian ethanol tariff off. Have you heard anything like that and what kind of impact you can tell it have on the market, assuming that it came on about the same time as all this additional capacity?
John Stott: I've heard talk of that but I have not seen anything concrete right now, the tax goes through 2010. And what happens is if all of a sudden the tariff is reduced, or taken off, I think what will happen is we will just reduce the price of corn, and it will end up coming back in the margin.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Alright, great. And then just on the changes in the Florida market. Obviously that's a huge potential market for ethanol. Can you give us an update on where that proposal stands? Is that your expectation of that state in fact will be a much bigger market for us and on here in the short-term?
John Stott: Yes, we are seeing a lot of interest in all of Southeast. We are shipping to a lot of the Southeast destinations. So, I feel that market will come on very strong here in this next year.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Would that help with that kind of glut of ethanol that we might see here in the spring? Is that --?
John Rice:  No, I think what will happen is that we have probably 11 billion gallons of capacity coming on. It will be here about May or June. We have the South American crop coming in. We got 9 billion mandates. We have the rents, which you could take the demand back to about an 8.3. So, it is going to be a supply and demand situation. But there are a lot of factors and a lot of issues that always tend to come up. I mean, with last conference call or the conference call before, we were talking $1.50 ethanol and we're never going to go higher. And all of a sudden, we're $2.40 again. So, there is a lot of volatility in these markets just like a lot of other markets.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Alright. I'll leave it at that. Thanks.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Christine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. I'd like to focus in on AG services again. Forecasting where the profitability is going to go, it's very meaningful to us here, because it gets us a little bit closer to what normalized earnings could be considered. So, I'm going to ask you about two comments you made in your prepared remarks. You said that that with the crop ending now in North America, the largest amount of volume has already moved. And since you're largely a northern hemisphere company, in terms of your assets, does that mean that the next six months, we should see lower volume and lower profits in AG services just because of the way your assets are balanced around the world? And then secondly, you also said that it's becoming more and more important to capture profit opportunities as they come up within AG services. Does that refer to actually moving physical grain around the world, or does it mean that your traders are seeing discrepancies in the market and that there are ways to capture them, just using the futures market? Thank you.
John Rice: That's a very good question. It's a little bit of everything in that. We went through a big volume period during the harvest, and we're handling a lot more grain, but there is still a lot of grain around. When you drive though the Midwest, you see a lot of corn sitting on the ground. So, that still has to come to the market. We still are moving soybeans. We are seeing very good soybean demand out of the United States, and we are also still shipping the wheat. So, we are able to move that around. And this next quarter, I still feel it would be very, very good volumes. I don't see a slowdown in volumes at all in this current quarter. And then also, we are going to have the South American harvest coming on. We're going to be handling grain out of Argentina. We are going to be handling grain out of Brazil. Those plants would be up and running. So, it's always hard to answer the questions and not give guidance. So, I guess at times, I don't see the volumes dropping off, and I guess this is the best way to say that.
Pat Woertz: Another maybe build on that, Rob, is these opportunities that present themselves are global. So, it is not just the US crop that you asked about, it is actually the traders moving grain, or international trading opportunities which continue to be there, and keep in mind the globality, if at all.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I appreciate that. One last question. There has been an article in The Journal today and lots of reports around the world about some countries instituting price controls as a way to protect consumers in those markets. If price controls become more apparent, does that have any effect on you or do you just not care?
John Stott:  Well, I won't say we don't care, but depending on the size and the scope, it can have an effect. But also, the world supply and demand of grains is really going to be the deciding factor in all this of some countries in net import, inputs in price controls and world demand for meal and oil and poultry and everything else was up. I don't know exactly, how would that go into another own country, but the large supply and demand is playing very well in the declining markets right now, and everybody is looking at the great demand we are seeing globally for both meal and oil. And so, putting price controls can have an effect, but if we can move our products to other places in the world for more money, people are going to be doing that.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Then I just think theoretically, longer-term price controls always seem to collapse and hurt the economy. But shorter-term, I imagine you could make the argument that it would keep demand high in these emerging markets, and therefore, keep the demand for the grain and oil. But your exporting to those markets is high. Is that a fair statement?
John Stott: Well, China, there is a great example. They put on price controls. We're still seeing them buy soybeans or we're seeing them coming in and buying a lot of vegetable oils. They're trying to build up their reserves in those commodities.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Right, thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I guess, just not harping on these AG services, but I guess the question that comes out is, have you seen the dislocation of commodities get resolved? Is there, therefore, no more opportunity? Is that seemingly what you're implying, or is that not true?
Pat Woertz: Don't harp away, Ken. That's not what we were implying at all.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So, again, there is no reason to believe that this dislocation should continue and the margin opportunity should continue, maybe not at this level, but maybe at the quarter or still before. Is that fair?
Pat Woertz: Every quarter looks different, and while they blend into one another, I think we've tried to tell you a little bit about the current market conditions here in January as we sit today. But there are still opportunities. And as John talked about the quarter that we're currently in, those opportunities still exist.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And can you remind us how LIFO charges actually impact your cash flow and your tax rate, and how do they get resolved in the future?
John Stott: Well, yes, there is no real effect on the cash flow, Ken. There is an effect of deferral of tax payments. I think how they get resolved in the future is a difficult one. I mean, the way that LIFO works is to the extent that prices go down and continue down, we'll start to see the recovery of some of the reserve that we've created up until at this point. Is that specific enough for you?
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Yeah. And then there is no cash flow impact and it should potentially low your tax rate, going forward?
John Stott: Yes, correct.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then the other question I had is regarding the wheat, cocoa and malt businesses, I know it's small as it's not the key driver, but their performance seems to have been pretty good. I know there was a lot of restructuring, and a lot of efforts are being put there. Is this a sustainable level or is this something that's just seasonal in timing?
Pat Woertz: Actually, we hope to even improve over time, because I think there is still some margin improvement to be seen in the cocoa area. Wheat was the largest driver of the improvement this time, I think, as we've said.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And what was the cause of that? Was it just the higher pricing being able to be passed through? And is it the lag-over or is this just a timing issue?
Pat Woertz: Also it is a combination of some efficiencies which we had in our plant. Sorry, John, you were going to answer?
John Rice: I was just going to say it's really about moving a lot of the North American wheat crop around. There were some areas that had good crops, and other areas that did not have a very good crop. And we have plants located throughout North America and our transportation is excellent in this area. And we're able to bring wheat from one area to the other area, and work with our customers to be able to come up with their products. I think that's really the driving force behind that.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate it
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport. Please proceed.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: I just want to touch on the supply and demand globally for grains; the tremendous demand for the grain; and the tight supply, particularly with what we've seen in wheat and soybeans. And I guess a question I wrestle with a lot is, what can throw off demand? What are the biggest risks? What are you worried about the most? To me, it looks like supply will stay tight for some time, but is it demand that could change?
John Rice: We're seeing the higher acreage in wheat in Europe, and that wheat crop is looking very good right now. South America is having a very good crop coming in. So I mean, I feel globally the supply looks like it should be a little bit better this year over next year. The demand-side is always a $64,000 question. How does that come in? I feel, we'll always maintain the food-side of the market, and we're seeing growing economies throughout the world. So, I see the food-side coming. Now, if all of a sudden, energy prices drop, that can have a major effect on what happens to the commodity prices. But right now, we're in a very good demand-driven market along with a couple of short supply areas that really started the run-up. But it's always going to be the weather, and what's happening in any given week or day, on how these markets are going.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Okay. And then, as you look out into the second half, can you all comment on what you expect the Euro to do? Or can you give any kind of currency outlook?
John Rice: No.
Pat Woertz: We will not, Ann.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Okay. And then, third, I think you opened a palm oil facility in Germany. Can we get an update on this? Is that facility meeting expectations? I think I have read somewhere that the palm oil prices are up significantly.
John Rice: Yes, that's meeting and actually exceeding expectations. As a matter of fact, we're looking to put another expansion in here in the next two quarters.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Great.
John Rice: ...seeing that the demand for oil and biodiesel and food in Europe has been very good.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Great. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Okay, Ann.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. I have just one quick one, again, on the LIFO and working capital. It is temporarily cashflow-negative, right? I mean, you're borrowing $5 billion on CP, to pay for the higher cost inventory, and you have pay something on that, right? And I guess you get it back, but is it at least a temporary cash flow issue?
John Stott: Well, I mean, I agree as prices have run up, we have to borrow more money to finance that inventory. But Eric, we'd have to do that irrespective of what our inventory accounting basis was. So we don't kind of make the same direct connection between cash-back to the cash flow in that respect and LIFO.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Right, okay. And then I'll let that be. I think you had mentioned that capacity utilization globally in oilseed processing was around 90, is that right?
John Rice: I think that the comment was North American
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: With North America, I think Diane may have asked this question earlier, where do you see that in terms of global utilization? And how comfortable are you, Pat, with the big four including yourself obviously, in terms of how you look out over the next few years with lets say pretty good demand versus what I think is fairly high utilization rates?
Pat Woertz: We're trying to report the US NOPA, because that is one that you can look up yourself. But I think the point there is that trend-wise, they are at a higher utilization from last year's quarter, and even last quarter. I think globally, it's moving up, but we still actually have some capacity in our China operations. So, we still have the room to grow and have looked at them, and making that kind of strategic plan, so that we can absorb the growth as it continues to occur. So, matching growth with expected market is our look.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: And do you think, I mean, you obviously have a better view into companies like Cargill and Dreyfus than certainly we do. Is it your sense that their utilization rates, based on what you hear, are they comfortable where they are? Are they creeping up to the point where they have to add more capacity, or could we keep on this great run for a while?
Pat Woertz: No. I can't comment on my competitors' operations, Eric. You know better than that, but I can say that we're comfortable with the additions that we're adding, as well as the growth that we see and obviously with [me on] protein, meal and vegetable oil demand being where it is, I think, there is continued opportunities here and those that operate with scale. We'll benefit from this.
Eric Katzman : Okay. Thanks for taking the follow-up.
 Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks for taking the follow-up.
Pat Woertz :  Okay, thanks Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Pablo Zuanic :  Good morning everyone. Just a couple of follow-ups but I want to go back to a comment you made regarding this Brazilian sugar ethanol imports, and you are making the argument that really you would have to buy less corn. So as a result, corn prices will go down, but I suppose there would be a big lag there. And at the same time, if you're buying less corn, you're producing less ethanol because you'll be losing share to the Brazilians, and that would probably create a lot of operating inefficiencies. I mean, I want to be clear that Archer Daniels did not say that sugar ethanol imports from Brazil will be neutral to earnings to [where they are].
 JPMorgan:  Good morning everyone. Just a couple of follow-ups but I want to go back to a comment you made regarding this Brazilian sugar ethanol imports, and you are making the argument that really you would have to buy less corn. So as a result, corn prices will go down, but I suppose there would be a big lag there. And at the same time, if you're buying less corn, you're producing less ethanol because you'll be losing share to the Brazilians, and that would probably create a lot of operating inefficiencies. I mean, I want to be clear that Archer Daniels did not say that sugar ethanol imports from Brazil will be neutral to earnings to [where they are].
John Rice: We don't comment on that, but
Pablo Zuanic : Well, you said just now on the quarter -- can I, and if you, I mean, I thought the way you answered the question that Christine asked was that if imports from Brazilian sugar ethanol came into the US, you said it would not affect our spread, because we probably would buy less corn, so corn prices will go down. So, I want to make sure that Archer Daniels today said for those listening in Washington DC, that if Brazilian sugar ethanol were coming to the US, that it will have no effect on Archer Daniels earnings. Is that what you guys said?
 JPMorgan: Well, you said just now on the quarter -- can I, and if you, I mean, I thought the way you answered the question that Christine asked was that if imports from Brazilian sugar ethanol came into the US, you said it would not affect our spread, because we probably would buy less corn, so corn prices will go down. So, I want to make sure that Archer Daniels today said for those listening in Washington DC, that if Brazilian sugar ethanol were coming to the US, that it will have no effect on Archer Daniels earnings. Is that what you guys said?
John Rice: No, let me elaborate a little bit on this. What I said, or I felt like I was saying was that we will have more capacity coming into the United States and the opportunity for Brazilian ethanol to come into the United States will have an effect on the ethanol demand usage here in the United States. Our plans, we feel, are very efficient, very cost effective, and we plan to run our operations very hard. We feel we're very cost-competitive. During the summer months, we also tend to run our fructose plants harder, which can produce less ethanol, but that's a swing capacity we can have. And there are a lot of factors that come into the price of corn. It's the exports out of South America. It's going to be the weather coming in here in March, April, and May. We're getting good rains or we are not getting good rains. So, there are a lot of factors that affect the price of corn, the ethanol demand, and the ethanol usage. If the discount gets high and up, we are going to see a lot more people start blending. But what I was trying to say is, yes, Brazilian ethanol coming into the United States can have an affect on the US market.
Pablo Zuanic : Thank you. And just a follow-up, if I may, about when you work. Surely there are a lot of variables affecting ethanol prices in the coming months. In earlier remarks, did you tell us that you expect ethanol prices in the second half to be above what you're experiencing in the second quarter? Was that as close you'd get to give guidance on ethanol prices there? Can you comment on that?
 JP Morgan: Thank you. And just a follow-up, if I may, about when you work. Surely there are a lot of variables affecting ethanol prices in the coming months. In earlier remarks, did you tell us that you expect ethanol prices in the second half to be above what you're experiencing in the second quarter? Was that as close you'd get to give guidance on ethanol prices there? Can you comment on that?
John Stott: Our ethanol prices, we feel this next quarter will be high and third quarter will be higher than second quarter.
Pablo Zuanic : Okay, thanks. And then just on the sweetener side, in the last conference call, you talked about on the contract side, on the fixed-price contract side that you were looking about 10% increases. Now that we are end of January, can you comment in terms of what has been generated there in term of contracts? And related to that, I think in a recent conference call, PVG in Mexico, they said they will not be using HFCS. So, how does that affect your outlook for shipments of HFCS to Mexico?
 JP Morgan: Okay, thanks. And then just on the sweetener side, in the last conference call, you talked about on the contract side, on the fixed-price contract side that you were looking about 10% increases. Now that we are end of January, can you comment in terms of what has been generated there in term of contracts? And related to that, I think in a recent conference call, PVG in Mexico, they said they will not be using HFCS. So, how does that affect your outlook for shipments of HFCS to Mexico?
John Rice: That 10% is accurate. That is the timing. Some contracts started in January. Some contracts started in February, March, April, all the way through. And we have seen demand pick up in Mexico. The relationships with the price of HFCS to sugar will have an impact on how much more or are able to ship down on Mexico. So, I don't see anything. We have not heard from any of our customers down there that they will not be buying HSCS.
Pablo Zuanic : Thanks. And just if I may one last one. Just like you were commenting, some of your clients in the ethanol side are more (inaudible), because what they see as a potential oversupply situation. How about on the corn side? I mean because you're hedging on corn change, in any way given what the corn prices are, you are not as long as you normally would be. Can you give us some color there?
 JP Morgan: Thanks. And just if I may one last one. Just like you were commenting, some of your clients in the ethanol side are more (inaudible), because what they see as a potential oversupply situation. How about on the corn side? I mean because you're hedging on corn change, in any way given what the corn prices are, you are not as long as you normally would be. Can you give us some color there?
John Stott: We are constantly, daily looking at how we run our risk management throughout our global assets. So, I guess I just assume to not comment or get into much detail on that. But our strategy over the last couple of three years has not changed, when we buy our corn, how we hedge it on up. So softly is that change.
Pablo Zuanic : Okay. And if I may, just one very last one, I guess, the last one on the Q&A so. When we took all volatility and price inflation in grains, I'm just wondering on the agricultural services side, is it really about volatility? Is that what had been helping you or is it just about inflation, the fact that you buy and then a few days later, grain prices continue to go up and you make a profit that way? I mean to me, inflation is different from volatility. So I'm just trying to understand, it would seem to me that it is inflation that's helping you more than volatility.
 JP Morgan: Okay. And if I may, just one very last one, I guess, the last one on the Q&A so. When we took all volatility and price inflation in grains, I'm just wondering on the agricultural services side, is it really about volatility? Is that what had been helping you or is it just about inflation, the fact that you buy and then a few days later, grain prices continue to go up and you make a profit that way? I mean to me, inflation is different from volatility. So I'm just trying to understand, it would seem to me that it is inflation that's helping you more than volatility.
John Stott: It's moving our global asset base and being able to source crops in different parts of the world, put them through our transportation assets throughout the world, put them on vessels and be able to ship customers has really been the driving force. And we are working with our customers on a lot of different commodities. We can switch commodities for them. We give them a lot of flexibility. So, it's the whole value chain that's really the effect on that. I'd say it's really not just the pure price.
Pablo Zuanic : Okay, thank you.
 JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up question from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Just a follow-up from Eric Katzman's question for John, in order for all that cash to come back out of working capital, corn prices and all the other grain prices, do they have to come down or can that cash come back even if the grain prices are now at a new threshold?
John Stott: It's a good question. I think just to be clear, LIFO is basically just a bookkeeping exercise. It doesn't really affect cash. Clearly, either increases or decreases in commodity prices do have a direct impact on working capital. So, really what would make some of that cash come back would be lower commodity prices, and there maybe a direct impact on lower LIFO too. You got to think about volumes too. Increases and decreases in volumes have arguably a more dramatic effect on working capital needs than the absolute price changes themselves.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Pat Woertz for closing remarks.
Pat Woertz: Good. Well, thank you everyone for the interest in the company. Sometimes you ask, are we happy with the quarter, and the answer was a big yes. And I think, again demonstrating our strength and diversity of our global network, we were able to capture opportunities. So, thanks for your interest and we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Dwight Grimestad - VP of IR Pat Woertz - Chairman and CEO Doug Schmalz - CFO John Rice - EVP of Commercial and Production
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Vince Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Ann Gurkin - Davenport Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Christine McCracken - ClevelandResearch David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Ian Horowitz - Soleil Securities Edgar Roesch - Banc of America Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan John Roberts - Buckingham Research John McMillin - FloridaAbbott
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the FirstQuarter 2008 Archer Daniels Midland Company Earnings Call. My name is Latashaand I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants on alisten-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towardsthe end of this conference (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. DwightGrimestad, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Latasha. Good morning and welcome to ADM's firstquarter earnings conference call. And before we begin, let me just acknowledgethat we've heard we've had a couple of problems downloading the slides from ourwebsite, so if you could please call us we'll be sure to get you a copy of theslides. Let me remind you that we are webcasting our call and thatyou can access it at our website, which is admworld.com. The replay will alsobe available at that address. Turning to slide 2, for those following the presentation, onslide 2 the company's Safe Harborstatement says that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statementsthat reflect management's current views and estimates of future economiccircumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. The statements are based on many assumptions and factors,including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions,operating efficiencies, access to capital, and actions of governments. Anychanges in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly differentresults. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the companyassumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as result of newinformation or future events. Slide 3 lists the matters we will discuss in ourconference call today. And I will now turn it over to our Chairman and ChiefExecutive, Pat Woertz.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Dwight, and good morning everyone. As is ourcustom at ADM I would like to start this morning with a safety moment. Laterthis week at our board of directors' meeting on Thursday we will discuss ADM'sperformance metrics for the quarter and several of those metrics do relate tosafety. For the calendar year 2007, our lost workday rate hasimproved 26% for ADM colleagues and 13% for ADM colleague contractorsrespectively from the prior year. Of course safety isn't about numbers orrates; it is about people and those results do indicate that more people aregoing home safely every day than ever before. So thank you to everyone who'sfocusing on staying safe and driving towards zero injuries, zero incidents. This morning we announced our earnings and, I'm pleased tosay that, the results this quarter set yet another milestone for us, a newrecord for first quarter earnings. Again, I think it shows the strength ofADM's diversified asset and product portfolio and certainly demonstrates thecapability of our organization. A year ago our first quarter earnings were also a record atthat time and they reflected a steep growth in the ethanol market. Our recordearnings this first quarter reflect our strength in oilseeds processing, oursweeteners and starches, our global capabilities in grain merchandising andhandling, and in risk management. We're seeing global demand for protein and oil, which isstrong. We're handling a large volume of North American crop, global commoditiesand freight markets are offering lots of opportunities, and we have completedmost of our sweetener price discussions for the year. I would like to take a moment to update you on the strategicactions that we have taken since our last conference call. We have completedthe acquisition that we announced of the business operations of Fasco Millsthat increases our U.S.grain elevation footprint. We have shared our views on second and third-generationbiofuels. Our Chief Technology Officer's spoken at analyst conference and thosecharts and slides are available for your viewing. We formed a very innovativealliance, I think, with ConocoPhillips to develop biocrude technology optionsfor the future. We formed an industrial chemicals group and added to our technologyand research skill sets. We also realigned our organization and we streamlinedour reporting structure. So I'll turn it over now to Doug, who will take youthrough the quarter. John Rice, who, of course, is our EVP of Commercial andProduction since our realignment of the organization, Doug and I will be backwith you for Q&A after Doug takes you through the slides. We've also taken a few steps this morning that I'll callyour attention to have, I hope, more disclosure and transparency in a couple ofour segment results and also our volume, so I hope you'll look for that today,as well. Doug, over to you.
Doug Schmalz: Thanks, Pat, and good morning everyone, and thanks for beingon the call this morning. As we have done in recent calls I will be usingslides today to review our financial performs, and as Dwight said, they can beaccessed via our website as usual. In my remarks I will refer to the relevant slides as we gothrough those. If you go to slide 4, you'll see the summary of our quarter'sfinancial earnings highlights. As you can see, our net sales and otheroperating income increased 36% to $12.8 billion. About three-quarters of thatis reflective of commodity price increases and about one quarter of that is dueto volume increases. One thing to notice there, as you well know, the absolutevalue of commodities does not really drive always down to our gross profitmargin, especially when you look at like our oilseeds business in our agservices sector where oilseeds is more on a crushed margin basis independent ofwhat the value of the beans are and ag services is a service businessthroughput type of business. So as you can see, our gross profits increased 7% to $930million. If you exclude from that the inflationary impact of the LIFO adjustmentsthat we had this quarter, that increase is around 15% as we had a charge of $83million in this quarter and $17 million last year's quarter for LIFO charges. That improvement really reflects, as Pat had mentioned, thestrengths in our oilseeds, sweetener, starches and agricultural servicesbusinesses, and also just a large North American crop, and the wheat shortagesaround the world and other imbalances around the globe really led us to havegood opportunities in our risk management results this last quarter. Looking at selling, general and administrative expenses wereup 14% to $44 million, $354 million for the quarter. It's primarily driven byhigher employee-related costs, which includes $23 million of charges resultingfrom the recently announced corporate realignment initiative that we took thislast quarter and also effects of our foreign currency cost translations,particularly the Euro. Our financing costs net declined to $25 million from $36million last year. That decline really reflects the cost savings that we'regetting because of our repurchase last year of $400 million of high coupon debtand replacing that with CP this quarter, and then also we issued our verylow-cost convertible debentures last year in the amount of $1.15 billion. So the impact of that is that it's had a positive impact onour net financing costs. Our effective tax rates are 31.8% this year. That's up6% from last year's first quarter, but it's just up slightly from the 31.5%,which we had for our full fiscal year '07. That increase is primarily relatedto just shifts in our geographic mix of earnings. With all that, our net earnings and earnings per shareincreased 9% and 11% respectively, representing a record company first quarterand as Pat said, a very solid start to our current fiscal year. Moving on to slide 5, I'll reflect on certain items, whichimpacted our quarterly results, and as usual, the items on these slides arestated on an after-tax basis. The most significant items were the LIFO andbusiness realignment charges I referred to a moment ago. After tax, those two items negatively impacted the quarterlyresults by $65 million or $0.10 a share compared to last year's LIFO charge of$10 million or approximately $0.015 a share. The other items were securitygains and asset abandonment charges and in total were relatively similar tolast year's first quarter. A schedule to help you analyze those items bysegment for the quarter is in the appendix to the presentation. Moving to page 6 or slide 6 gives us an update of ourperformance against targeted long-term performance objectives. As you know, wehave two performance objectives, which we report on a quarterly basis. Our RONAfor the rolling four quarters ended September 30, 2007, is 14.6%, exceeding ourtarget of 13%, even though our working capital has risen sharply andpre-productive capital spending has increased. We also have a cost objective ofless than $110 per metric ton processed. Our rolling four-quarter cost of$108.70 is below our objective, but our first quarter cost ends up being about$112.98, which is above our objective, and it's really due to the one-time $23million realignment charge that I discussed earlier and also from long-termincentive program costs, which are always skewed into our first quarter of eachyear. In order to provide more meaningful information in ourfinancial presentations, as Pat mentioned we've included in the appendix tothis presentation a breakdown of the process quantities by commodity used tocalculate our cost per metric ton number. We've also included in the calculation the quantity ofbarley processed by our malt division to align with the financial results ourwheat, cocoa and malt portion of our other segment. The details of the calculations of these non-GAAP RONA andcost per metric ton performance metrics can be found in the appendix to thepresentation, including the by product or by commodity breakdowns for prioryears. We gave you the three years plus each quarter for 2007. On slide 7 you will see a comparative summary of operatingprofit, which looks a little different this quarter. As part of our corporatereorganization, we have realigned certain operations in our segments to the waywe view the results of operations. The changes made reflect reclassifications of operationssuch as protein specialties, natural health and nutrition, and animal feed,which were previously reported in our other segment. These and other miscellaneous operations, which in any oneyear combined represented less than 3% of our total operating profit, have beenreclassified to the segments, which provide the feedstock from which they areproduced. This then leaves cocoa, wheat, malt and financial servicesin the other segment. Our reclassified segment operating profits for the lastthree years are set forth in the appendix to the slide presentation as well asthe restated quarters of last year. As you can note on the slide, our total operating profit forthe first quarter of fiscal '08 increased 23% to a record first quarter $797million, and on slides 8 to 12, I'll review with you the individual segmentscomparative earnings for this quarter. On page 8 is an operating profit analysis of the OilseedsProcessing segment. Our oilseeds processing operating profit increased 23% to afirst quarter record $209 million from $170 million last year, due principallyto strong global protein and oil demand. Crushing and origination increased $27 million, dueprincipally to better crush margins in North America and improved originationresults in South America, partially offset by lowerEuropean crush margins. Our refining, packaging, biodiesel and other increased $13million, principally due to higher North American refining volumes and marginsand to better vitamin E results. Asia results were comparable to lastyear. Our current market conditions for global oilseeds processing aregenerally positive. Increased global protein demand is supporting better globalcash crush margins. Recent investments in several of our European plants let usreduce dependency on any one seed type. This allows us to enhance processingmargins by allowing production flexibility and opportunistically responding torapidly changing supply-and-demand factors. Global demand for vegetable oil remains strong in spite ofthe high prices. As we approach the colder winter weather in Europe,we anticipate increase in seasonal demand for rapeseed oil for use in biodieselblends. We recently completed construction of our first biodiesel plant inRondonopolis, the largest in Brazil.And are very optimistic about the business there, ahead of the 2% biodieselblending mandate, which is due to come into force in January of 2008. Slide 9, we'll move to is an operating profit analysis ofour Corn Processing segment. Our corn processing operating profit decreased 12%to $253 million from $289 million last year, due principally to the lowerethanol sales prices and volumes and higher net corn costs, which werepartially offset by favorable risk management results. Sweetener and starches results improved $45 million due toadditional sales volumes and higher selling prices for all key products,partially offset by the higher net corn costs. Bioproducts results declined $81 million, principally due tohigher net corn costs and lower ethanol sales volumes and prices. Last year'sbioproducts results, as you recall, reflect the positive impact on ethanolvolumes and prices of the phase out of MTBE. As we look at current market conditions in the CornProcessing segment, we see the gross corn prices are well off their recenthighs and bioproduct values have improved as new markets outside the EU hadbeen found to absorb corn gluten feed. This leads us to expect positiveco-product value impacts on net corn costs in the fiscal 2008 quarters ahead. USDA is projecting a $13.3 billion bushel crop, which wouldresult in a carryout of slightly less than 2 billion bushels and providesufficient corn quantities for 2008. Our 2008 sweetener and starch contractpricing negotiations are almost complete and we anticipate average sellingprices to increase slightly over 10% in 2008. Also, we expect to see an increase in Mexicodemand for sweeteners in calendar year '08. As we expected our average sellingprices for ethanol declined during the first quarter of fiscal '08. Although weare seeing some improvement in pricing from the recent lows, we expect secondquarter ethanol pricing to also be down from first quarter levels. The North American market for ethanol is growing and recentadditional demand from operators in Florida, Tennessee,North Carolina, South Carolinaand Georgia areencouraging. Finally, we are seeing higher selling prices for lysine due tohigher global feed grain prices. Slide 10, is an operating profit analysis of ourAgricultural Services segment. Agricultural services operating profit doubledto $229 million from $115 million last year. Our merchandising and handling results improved to $120million due to excellent grain origination and export market opportunities inboth commodity and freight markets, coupled with pronounced global grainimbalances caused by both supply and demand factors. Our transportation results, consisting of barge and truckoperations, while still strong declined $6 million as barge loading activitywas slightly below last year's level due to timing. Towards the end of thisquarter, harvest activity had picked up significantly in the southern riverareas, but had not really hit full pace in the upper regions by quarter end. Although southbound volumes remain good, we have seen somesoftening in northbound volumes. We continue to invest in grain handlingassets, improving grain receiving, cleaning, and drying capabilities inaddition to expanding temporary storage to handle the large North Americancrops. We are handling record volumes today and are seeing goodelevation income. Higher and more volatile grain prices along with all-timehigh ocean freight rates continue to offer supply chain opportunities. Slide 11 is an operating profit analysis of our otherprocessing segment. Other operating profit increased 43% to $106 million from$74 million last year, principally due to increased financial results. Ourwheat, cocoa and malt operations declined $5 million. Wheat milling operating profit increased due principally toimproved North American milling margins partially offset by lower Europeanresults due to the increased wheat costs there. We continue to expect challenges in processing this year'sweather-damaged wheat crop, which could create opportunities for ourstrategically placed mills and origination network. Cocoa operating results declined as higher inventorycarrying costs, lower press margins, and weaker chocolate market conditions in North America depressed overall margins. Increased sales volumes ofcocoa butter and powder partially offset those margin declines. Current market conditions should support a better marginoutlook going forward. Malt operating results improved as we continued to findways to integrate this business and to leverage our network around it. Financial results increased $37 million principally onimproved managed fund investment results. Slide 12, is an analysis of our corporate costs, which morethan doubled to $150 million from last year's $72 million. Our investmentincome net increased by $23 million. The impact of LIFO inventory valuation wasto decrease results by $66 million as the current year's quarter included aLIFO charge of $83 million compared to a $17 million charge last year. A $23 million charge was taken this quarter fororganizational realignment costs, and we estimate savings going forward fromthis realignment of approximately $22 million on an annual basis. On slide 13 is a summary of financial condition as ofSeptember 30, 2007. As you look at those numbers, it's principally related toworking capital, which has continued to increase sharply and was up 29%, or$2.3 billion, from June 30, due to the increased inventory quantities andhigher commodity price levels. These higher price levels have been, have also impacted ourreceivable values. These working capital increases and additional capitalspending have been funded by cash from operations of approximately $620 millionand an increase of $2 billion in short-term borrowings. Moving to slide 14 is the summary our cash flow highlightsfor this quarter. As I previously mentioned, cash generated from operations wasprimarily used to finance significantly increased needs for working capital. In addition, $2 billion of short-term debt was drawn downand $120 million of marketable securities were sold to supplement workingcapital needs to fund the $359 million of new property, plant and equipmentadditions and fund the $134 million of dividends and share repurchases duringthe quarter. During the quarter weve acquired 1.9 million shares for $60million at an average cost of $32.65 per share. At this time, I'll turn it backto Pat and we'll be glad to take any of your questions.
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Doug. Operator, if you could open the line forquestions, John and Doug, I are here to respond.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes fromthe line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Doug Schmalz: Good morning, Eric. How are you?
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: I'm well, thank you. I guess my first question has to dowith the volume increase of 9% in the quarter. Since we really haven't had thatnumber before: can you kind of compare that to history? And are you seeing, Iguess, outsized growth globally? Are you taking share from smaller competitors?Can you just kind of frame that 9% number?
Doug Schmalz: I think a lot of that increase of the 9% comes through ourag services as we moved a lot of wheat this quarter. Oil sales in general wereup in volume, also, but a lot of it comes through the ag services sector, andreally that's dependent on what is availability around the large crops in the U.S.help that. And so it's very difficult to compare that because it reallygets into the macro things of how large the crops are and so forth.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. And then can you also, versus our model,the Ag service business was very, very strong, and, obviously with all of thevolatility out there: had you theopportunity to exploit that? Do you kind of see the same thing continuing? I mean: are wein a different level of volatility? I guess, sometimes, Pat, that word has beenused against you, but, maybe now, we can use it for you. How do you think aboutthat and then how should we think about ag services?
Pat Woertz: I appreciate your question, Eric. The time of the year whenwe're handling the crop, and particularly the North American crop, I thinkhaving volatility and then size of our business and scale, you'd argue that,that should work in our favor with respect to the ability to not only move thatcrop, have other origination opportunities. Our global footprint allows more opportunities today thanever before, and the freight markets are allowing that. So I think our riskmanagement comes into play with not only volatility, but the large volume ofcrops we're dealing with.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then last question and I'll pass it on. I guessmaybe this is more for John. I was kind of a little bit surprised, I guess, interms of the corn processing division. It sounds like the price that you got ismaybe below what most people were expecting. Is that because you're maybeangling a little more there towards market share? And: is that also reflectedin volumes being down in the ethanol piece? I'll pass it on. Thanks.
John Rice: Well, the price increase, that also includes multiyearcontracts, which we also have increases on our sweetener and some starchcontracts. We're also seeing a little bit more volume going into Mexicocomparing this quarter to last year's quarter. We're seeing volumes there. But as you're looking domestically, we don't really see muchgrowth in the sweeteners area right now. So I think the price increase, I wasvery happy with. When you start looking at it, we're also starting to getcloser to the sugar price in certain areas. That's something else we're alsocognizant of that going forward and corn's going to also play a big part inthis coming forward, head corn I should say.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Then did you swing capacity to ethanol or from ethanol tosweeteners this quarter or are they just unrelated?
John Rice: It's unrelated this quarter. We have a lot of differentproducts. Lysine prices are getting a lot better so we're also looking at thelysine swing from ethanol to other products, but normally during the summer wealso see pretty, that's usually our best demand period for the sweetenerproducts.
Eric Katzman -Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskowwith Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Hi and thank you, and congratulations on a great quarter.Can I ask you about European biodiesel? The results there were also better thanwhat I had expected. I remember last quarter you seemed to be concerned about,that the tax regime in Germany andthen also about an influx of biodiesel exports from South America and NorthAmerica into Europe. Has anything changed there in thequarter, and should we expect better results this coming year?
John Rice: The biodiesel market in Europe it's still going to strugglea little bit just because we have new taxes coming on in 2008 in January and weare seeing a lot of imports from the United Statesand South America on the biodiesel and the vegetable oil going over to Europe. I would not say that it's a terrible business but right nowwe are going to struggle a little bit more. But during the winter months, wealso feel like we're in a better position just because of our rapeseed crushand more of the biodiesel has to produced and made from rapeseed oil.
Pat Woertz: Robert, something I might add to your question there to keepin mind and that's that the biodiesel operations are really an integral part ofour oilseed complex with crushing, origination crushing, the production assetsand transportation, so it becomes again one stream that can and add value. Buteven as the business struggles, other streams, it kind of picks up some of thatintegration value.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Are you expecting another increase in biodiesel volume in Europe?And is that what can help your refining margins further in Europe?
John Rice: It can. The volume's really going to be coming as the priceof vegetable oil relates to the price of diesel fuel over there, so it's reallygoing to be dictated by the margin and what kind of margins we can get on thebiodiesel side as opposed to refining it and taking it to the food markets.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: And then one follow-up, just on ocean freight, you said thatthe ocean freight prices are going your way this quarter. The inevitablequestion is going to be, let's say that we continue to have strong demand andvolatility like you say and I could see in an environment like that going onfor another year, but: are you locked in on your ocean freight costs? Are youmaking an unusual margin on ocean freight? And at what point do those costs goup for you and could that margin come down?
Doug Schmalz: Well, there are a lot of questions in there, but we havelong-term charters in a lot of our operations. We're always moving grain cropsaround the world. We're trading ocean freight on a daily basis along with on amonthly basis depending on where we see the sales coming and the opportunitiesand where we're going to originate crops from at any given time. So, yes, ocean freight does have a huge importance in ourbusiness and we manage it on a daily basis and we're always looking at it.There has been, we always talk about volatility in our market, but in the oceanfreight, we've seen increased volatility in this last two quarters.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Okay. Well, congratulations again and thank you for theincreased disclosure as well. It's very helpful.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vince Andrews withMorgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vince Andrews - MorganStanley: Good morning, everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Vincent.
Vince Andrews -Morgan Stanley: I was just wondering: if you could touch on the kind ofevolution of the co-product situation in the EU? Recently, they approved the2006 biotech. And: just kind of give a little more detail on the other marketsthat you've opened up and how you see that playing out through the balance ofthe year?
John Rice: They have approved the 2006 crop, but so much of the harvestwas already in the system and the pipeline for 2007, so there was just a smallportion of corn gluten feed that could actually go into Europeduring that small window. Now, going forward, since we had that tough periodlast year we were able to develop a lot of new global markets for our corngluten feed. We're seeing more feeding in that also in the United States. It's really working with a lot of our customers, too andthey'll buy corn and depending on what the corn gluten feed price is related tothe price of corn. We will buy and sell out of those positions and give themthe opportunity to buy other crops, so they may buy corn at one time. As the corn gluten feed price goes down we may replace thatwith corn gluten feed and vice versa. So by us just having all kinds ofdifferent products so we can offer to our customers really gives us, I think, ahands of leading edge in the commodity markets around the world.
Vince Andrews -Morgan Stanley: Okay. And I was just incrementally hearing that the EU mighttry to expedite the approval of the 2007 biotech that are new products: is thatconsistent with what you might be hearing?
John Rice: I was so disappointed last year that I hate to get my hopesup this year on that, but, yes, we do hear the same thing that they are tryingto expedite it. So we will be able to ship corn gluten feed this year. Also with the issues they had with their crops since thislast year because of drought, they may be more likely to expedite that.
Vince Andrews -Morgan Stanley: Sure. And then we've also all heard about Florida,Georgia, North Carolina and so forth addressing the fuel specsissues. Do you have any expectations for when those markets could open up froman ethanol perspective?
John Rice: I've been a little disappointed on the speed of that, but wehear Georgia'ssupposed to come up in the 1st of December. We are selling a little bit into Floridaas we speak. North Carolina,we're starting to see a little bit, also. So I think it's slowly cominginfrastructure has seemed to take a little longer than what I anticipated, butI do see here in the next quarter or next two quarters that the southeastshould really start blending a lot more. But infrastructure has been more of anissue than I would have thought, especially with the discount of RBOB that we'vebeen trading.
Vince Andrews -Morgan Stanley: Sure. And I guess one last question. There was no materialreversal of any sort of hedging loss in your quarter in the ag servicesbusiness. One of your competitors had a very large reversal. I just wanted tomake sure there was nothing similar that you want to tell us about?
Doug Schmalz: No, there was not, Vincent.
Vince Andrews -Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. I'll pass it along. Thank you very much.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Vincent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow withBMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets: Hello, good morning?
Pat Woertz: Hey, Ken, good morning.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets: Just one quick question first. The high fructose corn syrupside, you said: favorable risk management. Is that: capitalizing on basis? Isthat how we should interpret that?
Doug Schmalz: It's capitalizing on global markets, on everything. It's notonly just basis, it can be flat price, it can be arbitrages between thedifferent core markets throughout world, the different ratios even between thebean and corn prices. So it's a little bit encompassing of everything.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets: In a typical quarter, do you tend to buy more on the spotbasis and then be able to capitalize on the basis, or is it more done on afutures market?
Doug Schmalz: It varies by quarter, by year. There's really not a rule ofthumb, we have a very good group of merchandisers and traders out here and wehave very good communications; what we think the crop is, where we think demandis. So depending on our opinion on that, we'll tend to lean that direction.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets: Are you guys building up inventories at all in ethanol?
Doug Schmalz: We are a little bit. Yes, because we anticipated thesoutheast to start blending a little quicker, but, yes, so we have built alittle bit. But when you really look at the whole industry, the industry's goneup, but really the days of supply has not. So, inventory's gone up but alsodemand's gone up.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets: So the last time you built up inventory of any substance itwas either the California marketopening up or the MTBE ban, is that fair?
Pat Woertz: Yes, that's fair.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets: So there is some anticipation by you that these markets willopen up? That's what I just want to make sure.
Pat Woertz: That's right.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets: Would you think about buying ethanol assets rather than buildingand at what price? And how do you think about it, just because it seems like alot of these capacity buildups are slowing down a little bit and it seems likethere may be opportunity to come in and buy some assets a little bit cheaperthan maybe build it?
Pat Woertz: Yes, I'll take that one, Ken. We're actively engaged in thismarket all the time, and we know where every plant location is. We kind of havea sense of what locations might be interesting to us. But it would have to be areal value and scale and fit with our network, but it's not to say we aren'tlooking and aware.
Ken Zaslow - BMOCapital Markets: Great, I appreciate it.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport.Please proceed.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Just wanted to spend a little time on getting an update onyour work and, besides ethanol, other renewable fuels, switchgrass. Maybe areyou closer to doing something in sugar in South America,Can we just get an update there?
Pat Woertz: Sure. We've talked about diversifying our feedstocks whichwould include more palm, sugar, potential biomass to be run not only for firstbut sort of second-generation biofuels. Mike Pacheco, who is our new ChiefTechnology Officer, spent a little bit of time in about five slides or so,which you might want to look up on our website, but talked a little bit about. So to speak, first of all our advantage in the dry mill ethanolworld, which, of course, we're completing two plants adjacent to our wet millsfacility. But then kind of spent time on the nearer term focused oncommercializing technology and again in a wide range; food, feed, industrialbioproducts and then biofuels. And when it comes to the biofuels piece, we kindof walked through the spectrum of not only technology conversion, but alsofeedstocks and also end products, and are attempting at this point and I wouldsay by February of next year, we will have a very limited list, or a veryhighly focus list, I should say, of the kind of opportunities for bothconversion feedstock and end products. A good example is our ConocoPhillips project that weannounced, which is looking at biomass to biocrude, so this would be a type ofcrude oil that could be run in the traditional refineries yet made from biomassat very cost effective prices. So, that's an example of something where we actually havethat one up and running. There's a couple of other collaborative researcheswe've announced, one with the Colorado Consortium, one with Purdue University,etcetera. So, a lot going on, but more clarification and I would sayfine-tuning of that by early next year.
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Great. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Diane Geisslerwith Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
John Rice: Good morning, Diane.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Congratulations.
John Rice: Thank you.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Just getting back to the outperformance in ag services thisquarter, seems like there are a variety of things going on, but the two mostimportant are just the ultimate size of the crop this year versus last year,and then the dislocations globally and your ability to capture margin there. In this quarter can you quantify or is it like two-thirds,one-third the outperformance. I'm just trying to get a feeling for what's thesustainability? Obviously the first piece is probably more sustainable, justhaving larger crops in the U.S.from here on in and your ability to capture value there. If could you give usjust a little bit more clarity or commentary around what really drove that andone versus the other?
John Rice: Well, I don't have any data to really be able to quantify itlike that. But what's really led to it this quarter was we had back-to-backdroughts in Australia and in Eastern Europe. We also had a problem with the wheat crop, so that reallycreated some opportunities to move different feedstocks, different grains todifferent parts of the world. We have a huge corn crop here in the United States. People were looking at instead offeeding some feed wheat, feeding some corn or corn gluten feed products. So itreally just set up well with our whole structure and our merchandisingcapabilities around the globe to be able to service our customers all differentparts of grain. So, I guess in my mind, without really going back, I'd havea hard time quantifying exactly how much this quarter is opposed to any otherquarter, but large crops also plays a big part in it and in the second quarteror third quarter we'll have the South America crop coming online.
Pat Woertz: Diane, I might add to that as I have learned -- been astudent of this business, we've been building for these kinds of crop years forten years. Again elevation assets towards transportation etcetera and so, whenyou have great price movements and great crop movements and great crop volumes,I don't think there is a system that can handle it better than ours. So I know your question's more about sustainability and howmuch going forward and if you could quantify the unusual items here, but youmight argue that every quarter's going to have some unusual items, be itweather, be it volatility, and so maybe that's just a little bit of add-on toit.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay, well I appreciate that. It's just kind of you look atthe number, and I don't think you've ever done more than $120 million or $130million in operating profit in any quarter going back the quarters that you'vegiven us on this segment reporting, so then you look at the $229 million andit's a big number. So I just want to get a little bit better feeling for what anormal quarter would be but obviously there is never a normal quarter.
Pat Woertz: You bet.
Diane Geissler -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Well, that's really was my main question. Thank youvery much.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, Diane.
John Rice: Thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of ChristineMcCracken with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Hey, Christine?
John Rice: Hi.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: First, just a point of clarification. You mentioned that youhad a little late by excluding and that it might help you in the next quarter.Can you give us any more color around the percentage maybe of volumes that youexpect to shift or any color that you could help, that might clarify thesituation?
John Rice: It's very minor. It was just really the timing of the cropfor our southbound. There is some concern around the industry. We are seeingless steel imports, less cement imports coming into the United States. So, there is a little bit of an effect on the northboundbusiness, but the southbound business with our large corn crop and soybeanstock that we still have and crop coming on, export markets still should bevery good and we anticipate very good southbound movement, and as morefertilizer keeps coming into the United States for the corn crops that shouldalso help some of the northbound.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: All right, doesn't sound like a big deal then? Just lookingat ethanol, you obviously gave us some color on what we view as more of anormalized ethanol market today. Can you tell us now with the situation whereit is, if you look at your plant expansion in the same way or can you give usan update on the timing of when those volume increases could come?
John Rice: Well, I believe that right now it's going to be more of aconsumption driven market than supply. I think depending on how all the plantscome online and the timing of them, they could actually come on quicker thansome of the markets. So I think, from a timing perspective here over the nextyear, for everybody else I don't know exactly but we do hear of some plantsbeing delayed, some construction being delayed, some people actually havingpermits and not finishing. So you may see not as many plants come online. Our plants, since they're so integrated with our other cornplants, we're keeping construction going and we feel we have a low costprojects being built there that will make us very competitive over the longrun. So those plants are still online. Schedule wise they may fall back a month or two, but wethought we'd update that probably in the third quarter, once we get through thewinter months and see how the steel shipments and everything else comes. Butright now, we're still looking ahead and planning to build our ethanol plantsbecause we long-term see the growth in the market.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Okay, and just in terms of -- you look at these markets. Whyis it that these vendors aren't adding or making the structural adjustments touse the ethanol faster? It seems like the economics would warrant that at thispoint. Do you have any view on that or is it just that they need to make somechanges and are dragging their feet a bit?
Pat Woertz: Well, you know Christine, I think John said that we'redisappointed that it hasn't come a little faster, in particularly in thesouthwest where I think there's good intent there, but the actions aroundgetting that infrastructure in place has been slower than we thought. Certainly with the lower prices, there's lots of economicincentive to blend as much as possible, but obviously, if you don't have theinfrastructure to blend it, that's hard to do. It may be a good point to makewhy we, along with others, believe that this energy bill that is beingdiscussed, we've formed some interest with environmental groups, with certainlyif you call it second generation as well as first generation ethanol. There's not a good ethanol and bad ethanol. We'll never getto some of these second and third generation opportunities if we abandon ourcorn ethanol base. So we think it's important to have a renewable bill standardthat help support a smooth transition, kind of getting back to your point abouthow infrastructure gets done. And sometimes with the smooth transition that anRFS standard allows year-by-year, that infrastructure can happen again on asmooth basis rather than quickly overnight to say replace MTBE, which was thediscussion a year ago.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Do you get the sense that there's been any shift inpolitical support for the renewable fuels industry or do you still sense thatit's coming, but that it's taking a little longer than you expected?
Pat Woertz: We sense still a strong amount of support and bipartisansupport for ethanol. There is some discussion about other parts of an energybill that's perhaps are more controversial or difficult, so maybe the part thatcould get passed more appropriately we will get bogged down with other items,but we still sense a good amount of support and I guess I'd give it that 60%chance which we have talked about before. We're working again with a broadrange of stakeholder to help advance that bill.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Great. I'll leave it there. Just to echo, I reallyappreciate all the increased detail. And my might ultimately understand yourbusiness some day.
Pat Woertz: That's good, Christine.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscollwith Citi Investment Research. Please proceed.
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research: Okay, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research: Pat, I definitely want to say thanks for the increaseddisclosure. I really do appreciate it. It's a good amount of information andwe'll look forward to spending some time looking at it. A couple of quickquestions. Some of these pieces have been asked, but I just want to goback over things. The 10% price increase, that does appear to be a little bitless than what we hear in terms of the industry talks. It would be, John, isthe reason for this is that this is the nature of the multi-year contracts andthe effect of the blended increase would be not just on the ones you sign todaybut on the overall business that you have i.e., more than half of the businessis under multi-year contracts. Is that the way to look at the 10%?
John Rice: That's one way to look at it. All our multi-year contractsdo have increases, and depending on the year and when it actually comes, it canhave a different increase that can play into that. Also in some markets whereour fructose price is -- and you start getting into the West Coast market orsomething starts bumping up into sugar prices, too. We came out with a 15% to 17% list price increase, and themarket is still very tight in capacity. We have Mexicocoming on next year, so I would, I'm not disappointed at all with a 10% priceincrease and we've had back-to-back years of very good price increases. So Ilook at 10% as a very good price increase for this year, looking at what'shappening around the world in the markets.
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research: On Mexico itself,can you guys share with us your estimate for what you think the overallpotential for fructose demand at Mexicois industry wide? You don't have to say your particular number; I'm justcurious where you see fructose demand going to from where it was in 2007?
Pat Woertz: David, we anticipate the total Mexican sweetener market togrow from about 400,000 metric tons in 2007, which I think is the rate thatit's at about now to about 750,000 metric tons. What part of that is the soft drink market, I think, is whatabout a million metric tons, John, and 
John Rice: Yes.
Pat Woertz: And that is about 50%, I guess, sugar and sweetener there.So I think it's quite a positive message and positive story there and we'll seehow this all unfolds.
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research: Given that you guys
John Rice: That open market down there with the sugar prices and thecrop in Mexico,I think there's some opportunity to ship a little more fructoses next year.We're seeing a lot of interest and people are starting to talk contracts fornext year.
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research: That brings up the question on excess capacity. You guys runyour front end grind at 100%. You do need to switch, as I understand it you'regoing to have to switch from one product line over to fructose. Can you just give us a sense on what level of excesscapacity that you have? Is it the ability to shift 20% of the grind? Is thatpercentage is too high? I'm again trying to get a ballpark here.
John Rice: Well, that's the number we've been throwing out lately, butas we keep increasing drying a little bit, just because of the efficienciesthat number keeps getting a little bit smaller. But during the winter months, we ship less fructosedomestically and we'll be able to just take some of that fructose and ship itdown into Mexicoand probably produce less ethanol during that time period.
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research: Understood. Pat, on the ethanol side and John, you guys gavesome nice color on some of the markets. John, in some of your prepared commentsyou said that EU markets are opening a bit slower because of infrastructureissues. How do the fuel specification issues impact? Or: how havethey impacted the ability of those markets to open? I want to really understandhere: the differential between the specification issues and the infrastructureissues? As you guys see it.
Pat Woertz: I'll start that one and this may be a question, David, todig into and give you a little more color offline because it really depends onthe state specs and the movement between states. It's a factor, but certainly infrastructure is a much biggerissue. You've got to have the ability to take the volumes and to move thevolumes, before you can have the flexibility to kind of make sure you'remeeting specs by state. So infrastructures are bigger issue, but as far as fieldspecs by pad or by state, we can talk about that and maybe have a little moredetail around that. I'd consider it minimal, though, as per your thinking.
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research: Okay. Final question I had for you guys was: can you justgive me a little color on what you see happening in South America,particularly on the soy crop? I.E., what's your outlook?
John Rice: The crop is about 5% to 10% behind last year's pace rightnow and it's just been a little bit dry. We're seeing very good rains down in Brazilright now, so we feel the planting should get caught up. The crop may be a little bit later this year than what wesee in normal years. We're hearing anywhere from 0% to 7% increase in acreage,but I think really time will tell as depending on how the weather goes. With these prices now with the strong Real is having a pricereaction or I should say the farmers are having reaction to how much additionalland they want to expand down there right now.
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research: You're seeing the negative reaction because of the Real waspartially offset by I would trust by the higher prices for soy?
John Rice: Correct.
David Driscoll - CitiInvestment Research: Great. Thank you for all the answers. Take care.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Horowitz withSoleil Securities. Please proceed.
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: Hi, Good morning, everyone.
John Rice: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Ian.
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: Excellent quarter. Just a couple of quick questions: shouldthe Velva plant add to your tonnage for this coming quarter? And if so: can yougive us an indication of what that would be?
John Rice: Yes, the Velva plant is up and running biodiesel. We'reshipping just because the holiday markets are working right now; a lot of thatproduction is actually going over to the European market. I can't remember off the top of my head the size of thatplant. It'll have a small effect, but in the grand scheme of things it's just atotal.
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: 75 million?
Pat Woertz: 75, I think.
John Rice: Thanks.
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: So
John Rice: It just plays into our whole network on...
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: Great, but that's backed on to a crush facility?
Pat Woertz: You're breaking up there, Ian. Can you say that one, saythat one more time?
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: Yes, that biodiesel plant is backed on to a crush facility,so that shouldn't change overall tonnage, correct?
John Rice: No, it's just exactly, just where the oil ends up going.
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: Okay. Second thing, I've heard from, we've heard from anumber of different ethanol producers about their, we've seen a massive drifttowards bought contracts. Can you just comment on where you're seeing thingsbetween spot and forward contracts or gasoline plus contracts? And the follow-up question to that is are you seeing muchdemand for anything beyond the first calendar quarter of '08 in terms of beingable to write out the supply contract?
John Rice: Market still is very spot. When the ethanol prices got downto $1.50 a gallon, we were so much cheaper than imports coming to the CDI inthe United States.You started to see more interest, especially with the differential between theRBOB and ethanol A lot of people had interest in buying out forward. Now alot of people were not able to do that and then ethanol prices have come up alittle bit. I'd probably say as markets develop you're starting to see a littlebit more people looking to buy a quarter, maybe two quarters out, but we'restill not back to anywhere close to people wanting to buy a year unless theycan really buy it real very cheap.
Pat Woertz: Ian, maybe another little bit of color around that. As welook to the future, we're working with various testing programs. The Departmentof Energy Argonne lab is doing some testing on e12 and e15 and even sometesting up to e20. If you think about volumes of ethanol being able to beabsorbed into the system at a greater pace with the current infrastructurewhile e85, for example, gets its legs and some traction, I think e12 and e15can help fill some of that gap, when and if that testing is completed.
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: Okay. Great! And your recent announcement on the industrialchemical business: does this affect your relationship with Metabolix at all? Or:how will you look to Metabolix in this new relationship?
John Rice: It doesn't affect our relationship at all. We brought in anindividual that understands the applications and how a lot of these green chemicalscan fit in the market and that's really what we're looking at. With Mike Pacheco's leadership, we're looking at a lot ofdifferent chemicals we can produce from many of our feedstocks and we reallyneeded to get somebody in here to be able to help us with the applications inthe market side of it, and what makes sense, especially on a scaling up.
Pat Woertz: And maybe again a little more on that, Ian. Metabolix hassome of their own announcements out there, but weve recently visited theirmarketing site and their customer pipeline is really growing each quarter. I think there's about 80 different products, there arepotential product applications that now we're working on, so I think theapplications will be ready as that plant comes on stream December '08.
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: And: will Mike be responsible for that relationship goingforward or?
John Rice: No, actually, that report's up to me, but like a lot of ourbusinesses, we have to coordinate production with research and commercials. Wehave to work very closely together.
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: Okay, one last question and then I'll get back in the queue.You mentioned and a number of your competitors mentioned HSCS pricing comingvery close to the sugar price. Do you have any sense on where we could start seeing demanddestruction on HSCS with regards to the price or can we really assume that HSCShas the ability to get to parity or near parity with sugar and still be able tobe absorbed into the market?
John Rice: The rough rule of thumb, this hasn't been an issue for quitesometime. The rough rule of the thumb is we always feel that a 10% discount tosugar, we will not lose any market share at all. People like to handle the highfructose; they already have the systems in place. So just watch in the world sugar markets are also going tohave an impact on it.
Ian Horowitz - SoleilSecurities: Okay, great! Thanks again for the disclosure, and I'll getback in queue.
Pat Woertz: Great, thanks Ian.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Edgar Roeschwith Banc of America. Please proceed.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Hi, good morning.
Pat Woertz: Hi, Ed, how are you?
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Pretty good. Congratulations! Most of my questions have beenanswered, so just want to take one more pass at the drivers in ag services, andyou'd mentioned some global grain dislocations that created some opportunities? But I was also wondering if just in the U.S. do the largecrop rotations and shifting acreage that is more prevalent today with thevolatility in the prices, does that create more opportunities in some of theselocal markets that might have been settled down into routines as where farmersare only tweaking a percentage or 5% or so, a year in terms of their allocationof the crops and now their doing much more drastic shifts? Thanks.
John Rice: Guess that gives us more opportunities just when peopleswitch from corn to beans and the same amount of acres you're getting threetimes the volume, so that helps with all our logistics, our transportation. Italso just gives us more volume. When people start planting different crops around the areasin normal places that they normally don't grow it, they need to be able toshift wheat maybe to an export market, which really helps our transportation. It'll also play into our milling. We've got to take thebetter quality wheat and take it to different mills to be able to process itfor our flour customers. So, I know I'm dancing around this answer, but, yes,all these type of fluctuations in the market definitely play into ourinfrastructure.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: And just to add to that, John, if you're spreading out therate of harvest as well, does that also play a part? If the harvest takeslonger or year-over-year, you're at different points in your cycle?
John Rice: Yes it does, but it can vary from year-to-year. If the yearlikes this, where we had very dry in the east the harvest came off veryquickly. And then the harvest was slower in the west. They ended up movinggrain from east to west a little bit more than normal. So, each year, it's kind of a tough question to answer,because each year we'll see a little bit difference that we can play in thelogistics game and how where we want to ship crops from one area to the otherarea.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Okay, and could I just ask one last one and then I'll let itpass it on. This was clearly an opportunity this past quarter and I'mwondering, you mentioned going down into South America as the next step and theharvest there later in the fiscal year. So, I'm just wondering: are thoseopportunities likely to be greater in North America thanSouth America?
John Rice: Well, for the next quarter, I think, we still are in theprocess of harvesting our crop
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Sure.
John Rice: We still (inaudible) all in the field. So, in the SouthAmerica crop, right now the exports are less out of there and mostly exports;wheat, corn and soybeans are going to come out of the United States in the next quarter.
Edgar Roesch - Bancof America: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic withJ.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Good morning, everyone.
Pat Woertz: Good morning.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Just a couple of questions. I want to follow-up on theagricultural services point: can't you just give us the dollar revenue for theagricultural services? How much was that have been -- how much was volume andprice if you can give that number? I know it's on the 10-Q, but it would helpif you give it now?
Doug Schmalz: Well, we'll have the dollar values of the revenues in our10-Q, which will be filed by the end of this week. I don't have that righthere, but we did. We had the volume increases that we talked about a lot ofthat came through our ag services group, as we moved commodities around theglobe.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: All right. Now as a rule of thumb, and maybe this is toosimplistic, but when I think of agricultural services in a high-pricedinflation environment food grain, does that normally translate into also higherpercentage operating margins for that division or not necessarily?
Doug Schmalz: I think, as I mentioned earlier, if you look at the twobusinesses of ours, if you take the oilseeds sector and you take the agservices sector, the margins that are made on, for example, on an oilseedswhether it's an $8 bean or a $5 bean, you might have a little more opportunityto make a little more off of an $8 than a $5, but the crush margins on thosereally don't change much. They can be the same for either. Then if you look atthe ag services that is a trading margin that you make off of that and whether,once again, you may make a little bit more margin off of it about than youwould if it was a $10 bean versus a $5, but the impact to gross margin is justnot relative directly to the sales price. If you look at our actual dollar values this year of agservices, it looks like we'll be about $5.5 billion of sales in this quartercompared to about $4 billion last year, so up about $1.6 billion.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Thank you. And just on the crushing side, when I think ofthe outlook for North American crushing margins, I see that soybean pricescontinue to go up and that's going to be a source of pressure. On the soybeanmeal side that I'm aware of, production of life still is not necessarilygrowing much, so I don't see it as a big driver of demand. And on the soybean oil side, the biodiesel industry, atleast in the U.S.hasn't taken off. So, why should I assume that crushing margins in North America are going to get better? They may actually come down.
John Rice: We're seeing meal demand up about 6% and oil demand up about8% and we're also seeing a lot of growth in the Latin American countries, sowe're starting to see more exports. As the South American crop gets less andless right now, we will be able to export more, we feel, into the Asiain terms of soybean oil, but we're seeing very good protein demand around theworld and oil demand right now.
Pat Woertz: And Pablo, those were global demand numbers.
John Rice: Yes, exactly.
Pat Woertz: But again very strong.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Alright, and just to follow up, maybe this is more out inleft field, but some day Castro may die, Cuba may become a U.S. partner and theU.S. may want import sugar from Cuba. If that happens, and I know it's way outthere, but if that were to happen that could be very detrimental to the HSCSindustry, right? I guess it's on no one's radar screen, but--
Pat Woertz: Well, actually all markets are on our radar screen, and Ithink this company has had the look of that potential occurring for many years,so I think we kind a look at its return, I don't know if you have anything toadd to that, but--
John Rice: No. It's just another market opportunity and what happensthere I guess we I haven't really looked at that yet.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Okay, and just a last one, industrial fuel specs in thesoutheast, southwest: how much of a fuel spec issue is a weather-related issue?I mean: it sounds like in some states it's just a matter of signature I meanthe congress in those states agreeing and just changing the specs, but I'm wonderingbecause of heat in the summer or because of weather issues maybe those specsare there for a reason?
Pat Woertz: Well, sure, there's always RVP issues for summertime fueland that's there for the warmer weather reasons. We've kind of thought about morefundable standardization with respect to fuel specs, and I think the morestandardization we could get across the country, somewhat the easier it wouldbe to allow for infrastructure to move. But I don't think weather's a showstopper, or those parts of the spec are a showstopper.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Okay. One last one if I may Pat. In terms of biodiesel,obviously youre in Europe new plant in the U.S.,and now the largest plant in Brazil,just help us think through in terms of what's the outlook in those threeregions? In terms like you're a lot more bullish on Brazilif so, is that true and why?
Pat Woertz: I think your question related to biodiesel and that's--
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Biodiesel, that's right. I am sorry.
Pat Woertz: It's in Rondonopolis and we think the demand there inlandright around the plant, so to speak, will be strong. That'll be a good marketfor us. U.S.will grow more slowly on the biodiesel side. I'm not sure if I heard, did Ihear your question correctly?
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: Well, yes, I'm just trying to understand. It sounds likedifferent research I look at from either industry experts outside the USDA andother consultants that we talk to, they make it sound like in the long-term,the country with the best potential for biodiesel is Braziland I just wanted to get your take on that part?
John Rice: They have a 2% mandate coming up in January. A lot of it'sgoing to have to do with government policies, import, export tariffs. Brazilhad a very good record of looking at renewable fuels. We can just see whatthey've done in the figures, so, I would guess, I wouldn't be surprisedlong-term if they keep trying to push the biodiesel mandate higher.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P.Morgan: All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow withCredit Suisse. Please proceed.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Just a quick follow up. You have your industrial chemicalsgroup that you're forming and then you also have one your top people, BillCamp, developing an Asian strategy, and yet you have relationships with Wilmarin the Far East and then Metabolix in industrialchemicals. Do your partners there consider your efforts to be competitionagainst them and how do you view these efforts?
John Rice: In terms of Metabolix, no. We've had a lot of discussionswith Metabolix about what products we're looking at getting into. They'rereally more looking at the PHA right now. I know they're also looking at someother industrial chemicals, but ours are really going to be based on thefeedstocks we already make.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: And what about Asia?
John Rice: In Asia, we've had a few discussionswith them right now but we're still on the ground floor of really developingour industrial chemical platform. Right now, we have the propylene, ethanol,glycol plant. It's really the first plant that we're going to be bringingonline and it's still kind of a research and development area in what we canproduce. Can we be very cost competitive and what the applications are? We'restill in the early stages of that, I guess.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Correctly, are you saying that the Asian efforts are relatedto industrial chemicals, or you're still trying to figure out a strategy for Asiathat potentially could go beyond your relationship with Wilmar?
Pat Woertz: Well, that the latter is the case. I think maybe we wereconfusing your two questions there, Rob, sorry. But in Asia our strategy isvery linked to Wilmar because of our investment in the largest agriculturalcompany in Asia. But, more holistically, we're lookingat the broadest of strategies in Asia and that's thebasis of our work right now that you refer to Bill taking on.
Robert Moskow -Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Pat Woertz: Okay, operator, do we have no more questions?
Operator: I have one that has just queued up. And your next questioncomes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research. Please proceed.
John Roberts - BuckinghamResearch: Good morning.
Pat Woertz: Good morning, John.
John Roberts -Buckingham Research: In your last quarter you actually warned us that thisquarter would have a lot of opportunistic activity. I was wondering if you feltas good right now about the potential for opportunistic activity in theDecember quarter as you felt back in the summer about the September quarter?
Pat Woertz: That's I think we feel really strongly about ourorganization, about the markets that we're participating in, and I think I hopewe've been open with you today related to where we're seeing strong demand,where we're seeing markets a little weaker, and I think we're quite positivefor the long term. So I appreciate your question, John. I think we're in a goodplace.
John Roberts -Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John McMillinwith Florida Abbott. Please proceed.
Pat Woertz: Well hello, John.
John McMillin - Florida Abbott: My first question is: a bisider. Doug, I heard you say thebenefits of lower biproducts would be more going forward. Did I hear thatcorrectly? That we obviously know cornoil is up and biproducts are up, but: did some of your prepared remarks saythat that benefit is more going forward than it was in the past quarter?
Doug Schmalz: I think what we said was for 2000 we were talking aboutethanol is reduced the ethanol pricing down next quarter but we also said wesee some improvements in bioproduct values, which should help us on our corncosts going forward, yes.
John McMillin - Florida Abbott: More than in the past quarter?
Pat Woertz:  In this current quarter, yes.
John McMillin - Florida Abbott: Okay. Thank you.
Pat Woertz: Thanks, John.
Operator: I show no further questions in the queue. I would now liketo turn the call over for closing remarks.
Pat Woertz: Okay, well thanks very much, everyone, for your interest andI will see you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes the presentation and you may all nowdisconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-07-30 09:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Pat Woertz - Chairman, President and CEO   Doug Schmalz - Sr VP and CFO   John Rice - VP of Global Marketing and Risk Management   Dwight Grimestad - VP of IR 
Analysts: Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch   Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley   Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank   Ann Gurkin - Davenport   Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse   Michael Piken - Cleveland Research   David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research   Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets   Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan   Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter 2007 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company Earnings Call. My name is Lauren and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's presentation, Mr. Dwight Grimestad, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Dwight Grimestad: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning and welcome to ADM's fourth quarter Earnings Call. Before we begin I would like to remind you that we are webcasting our call and that you can access it at ADM's website admworld.com. The replay will also be available at that address. For those following the presentation, please turn to slide 2, the Company's Safe Harbor Statement, which explains that some of our comments constitute forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. These statements are based on many assumptions and factors, including availability and prices of raw materials, market conditions, operating efficiencies, access to capital and actions of government. Any changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events.  Slide 3 in our presentation on the website shows the matters we will discuss in our conference call today. And I will now turn the call over to Pat Woertz, Chairman, CEO and President. Pat? 
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Dwight and good morning everyone. Well, this is of course our fourth quarter call. I thought I would begin with some highlights about the full fiscal year 2007 and that are shown on slide 4. Starting with safety, a big highlight and focus area for us, we closed our fiscal year achieving double-digit improvement in both lost work day rate and recordable incident rate. And as we continue to improve safety on our wage force world class, I would like to thank all the ADM colleagues who continue to work safely and look out for one another.  Turning to financial highlights, this morning ADM announced its third consecutive year of record earnings. Net earnings for the year were up 65% to a record $2.16 billion or $3.30 per share with all major segments producing record results. Those revenues surpassed $44 billion rising 20%, mostly of course on the strength of commodity pricing and also on modest additional volumes.  The company exceeded its targets for both return-on-net assets and cost per metric ton. And likewise we improved in return-on-equity, return-on-invested capital, EBITDA and EBITDA growth.  The company increased cash dividend payouts in absolute dollars and in cents per share. The company issued $1.15 billion of convertible debt during the year. The issuance was the first of its kind for ADM, and was a very cost effective borrowing -- it provided funds for a significant share buyback of $15.4 million share of ADM stock.  On the strategic front, a formal strategic planning process was established this year. ADM outlined its long-term, strategic destination to be the global leader in bio-energy while expanding our premier position in the agricultural processing value chain. And we began to flush out the process for that direction specifically to diversify feedstocks, to expand the technology platform, to expand our geographic footprint and to complete our bioenergy project. On the personnel front, we led -- we hired a senior HR Officer, a Chief Technology Officer who created a lead, strategy and planning role. We realigned IT Corporate Communication and Government Relations. I think the year has been one of positive change and a solid move forward to building out the long-term value of this company. I would like to recognize the people of ADM for their capability, their performance and for their continuing commitment to growing shareholder value.  Before I turn the call over to Doug Schmalz, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for his detailed discussion on the fourth quarter results, let me highlight some of the key items this quarter. Certainly withstanding, with our gain related to the exchange of our China joint venture holding for shares and Wilmar International, this transaction moves us one step forward in our Asia strategy efforts. Other asset sales -- Agricore United, Tyson, Overseas Shipholding -- continued to pair down non-core assets as we reinvest to align our portfolio with our strategic opportunity.  Results in corns this quarter declined, as we dealt with the challenges of higher net corn cost. Corn prices have come down from recent highs and the USDA forecast of record crop -- that should provide abundant supply for our market needs. Margins were squeezed in European rate seed crushing and biodiesel. And we continue to see some challenges in these areas. We also see an ample global supply of soybeans and our solid demand from the corn oil going forward. And we made very good progress on our capital projects this quarter. We will provide an update on the larger projects today, as I mentioned we would in our last call. Doug will talk about our efforts to ensure that the projects attain all of our expectations for safety, for speed, returns cost and processing efficiency. Our confidence in this strategic direction remains quite strong. I think agriculture is responding to the unprecedented opportunity with record crops in the ground.  Now Ill turn it over to Doug and after that of course well be happy to take your questions. Doug? 
Doug Schmalz: Thanks Pat, and good morning everybody. As Pat mentioned, solid fourth quarter operating results were achieved during the quarter marked by continued high volatility.  We move to slide 5; its a summary of our financial earnings highlights for the quarter. Fiscal year 2007 net sales and other operating income increased 28% to $12.2 billion. The most significant driver of that increase was the impact of increased selling prices. Gross profit decreased 13% to $718 million, key drivers of the declining gross profit raised $60 million LIFO charge reflecting the increased commodity prices and lower gross profit in oil seeds and corn processing.  Selling general and administrative expenses declined 1% to $293 million as cost reductions exceeded the impact of stronger foreign currencies on translated costs. In line with our strategic focus, asset sales and repositioning of our asset base was significant in the fourth quarter. Gains on asset sales in fiscal 2000s fourth quarter of $967 million, includes a gain of $440 million on the exchange of our interest in certain Chinese joint ventures for shares of Wilmar International Limited, the largest agricultural processing company in Asia. It also includes the $153 million gain on the sale of the companys investment in Agricore United.  In addition, we sold our Tyson Foods and Overseas Shipholding common equity positions at a gain of approximately $375 million.  We continue to take actions to align our asset portfolio with our strategic directions. Financing cost net equal to interest expense plus investment income was $45 million, which is comparable to last year. The fiscal year fourth quarter 2007 effective tax rate increased to 31.5% from 29.5% last year. Our annual effective rate for the full fiscal 2007 year is also 31.5%, which is up slightly from the fiscal year 2006 annual effective rate of 31.2%, excluding the $36 million tax adjustment credit which was included in last year's results.  The increase is attributable to shifts in geographic mix of earnings. Net earnings increased to $955 million or $47 per share, from $410 million, $0.62 per share last year.  Moving on to slide 6; 6 is an earnings summary reflecting unusual items impacting the quarterly result. For your information, all amounts reflected on this slide are on an after-tax basis. Net earnings for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 were $955 million or $1.47 a share, compared to net earnings last year of $410 million or $0.62 per share.  Fiscal 2007 earnings include gains of $616 million on asset sales which I previously mentioned. Abandonment charges of $12 million and LIFO charge of $38 million, and a charge on debt repurchased of $29 million. Net earnings excluding these items were $418 million or $0.65 per share.  Last year's fourth quarter earnings included gains on asset sales of $18 million, FIN 47 charge and abandonment charges of $37 million, LIFO income of $1 million and Brazilian transactional tax credits of $17 million. Earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006 excluding those items were $411 million or $0.62 per share. For your convenience, we have included a schedule in the appendix to this slide presentation which should help you analyze these items by segment for the quarter-end fiscal year period.  Slide 7 states our targeted performance objectives. We have two performance objectives which we report on a quarterly basis. First, we set a Return on Net Assets (RONA) objective, 13% on average. This objective aggressively exceeds our approximately cost of capital by approximately 5%. For the 12 months ended June 30, 2007 our Return on Net Assets is 15.7%, even though higher commodity price level and significant pre-production capitalized project costs have resulted in higher working capital and fixed asset values, which have the effect of reducing the RONA return. The reported RONA reflects the strong earnings results this year.  Secondly, we set a targeted cost per metric ton of production objective of less than $110. For fiscal year 2007, we achieved a rate of $108.89, which is better than our stated objective. We continue to meet this objective by challenging all costs and expenses and establishing benchmarks where comparable external data is available. Every $1 change per metric ton translates into approximately $50 million pre-tax dollars on an annual basis. Details of the calculations of these non-GAAP RONA and cost per metric ton performance metrics can be found in the appendix to this presentation.  Slide 8 is a summary of our segment operating profit. I will not go into a lot of detail here, other than to note that our total operating profit increased 81% to $1.2 billion. On slides 9 to 12 we will review the major drivers which impacted segment earnings for each segment during the fourth quarter.  Moving to slide 9, this is an operating profit analysis of the oilseeds processing segment. As you were awareness, as Pat mentioned, we have been joint venture partners with Wilmar for 15 years, developing a foot print in the oilseed sector in China, as well as palm operations in other regions of Asia.  About a year ago, Wilmar became a publicly listed invested company on the Singapore stock exchange and recently merged with the Kuok Group to become the largest agri business company in Asia.  The exchange of our Chinese joint venture interests for share of Wilmar International Limited results in a strategic realignment of our Asian investments, and a gain of $440 million, included in operating profit. Excluding this gain, operating profit declined to $147 million from $195 million last year.  Operationally, our global production volumes were up year-over-year. Soy crush margins improved globally, or were offset by declines in softseed and biodiesel margins, resulting in a net margin reduction of $30 million.  In addition, operating cost increased $19 million, due principally to increased energy and maintenance costs. The equity earnings of our affiliates, principally our Asian joint venture operations, increased $18 million, reflecting the improved soy and palm oil market conditions. After the abandonment and FIN 47, charges were $4 million in 2007 compared to $14 million in 2006, a reduction of $10 million. In addition, last years results included the $27 million of Brazilian transactional tax credits.  I will now discuss current market conditions in the oilseeds complex. Rapeseed crop in Europe is smaller than expected, and biodiesel imports our entering here. These factors will pressure rapeseed crush and biodiesel margins. In North America, we saw NOPA industry capacity utilization in the mid-80% range for the quarter, up slightly from last year.  Spot soy crush margins are in the $0.63 to $0.65 for bushel range, although cash margins are stronger as a larger supply bean is resulting in a historically low basis. U.S. census data show high soybean oil inventories. These should decline as biodiesel production uses increasing volumes of vegetable oil. On a global basis, we are seeing solid demand for both protein meal and vegetable oil.  Slide 10 is an operating profit analysis of our corn processing segment. Corn processing operating profits decreased to $241 million from $286 million last year, due principally to increased net corn cost and lower ethanol sales volumes. Although sweetener volumes and pricing increased over prior year levels, results declined due to the higher net corn cost.  Bioproducts results also declined as the impact of lower sales volumes and higher net corn cost exceeded increased selling ethanol prices. You will recall, last year we moved inventory in the fourth quarter, soy volumes in that quarter were a little higher than what they would normally be based on a production basis.  In addition, our operating cost increased by $9 million due principally to higher energy costs. Abandonment and FIN 47 charges were $1 million in 2007, compared to $13 million last year, a reduction of $12 million.  Looking at current market conditions, we see the corn prices are well off their recent highs. The USDA reported that farmers planted an incremental 14 million acres in corn this year and they report this crop to be in very good condition at this point of the growing cycle.  The USDA is projecting record corn production of 12.8 billion bushels, which should provide sufficient corn to meet all demands. Restrictions on corn gluten feed shipments to Europe, due to GMO concerns, continues to put pressure however on byproduct credits for corn wet millers.  On the product pricing side, our next real change in sweetener and starch selling prices will come with new contracts for 2008. Anticipated increase in sweetener demand from Mexico should be beneficial to our third quarter '08 and beyond.  Current market prices for ethanol have declined and we expect to see lower prices in our first quarter of fiscal '08, but ethanol prices have been stable even as RBOB has declined, making spot ethanol a 0% to 10% per gallon premium gasoline.  Current market prices for corn have also declined. We expect a reduction in net corn cost based on the current conditions.  Slide 11 shows an operating profit analysis of our agricultural services segment. Operating profit of this segment increased to $241 million from $83 million last year due principally to the $158 million of gains from sales of business interest, principally the sale of the company's Agricore United investment.  Global merchandising and handling results improved $49 million due to improved market conditions. These improvements were partially offset by a $20 million decline in transportation as south-bound barge freight rates and volumes declined from prior year level.  In addition, operating costs increased to $25 million. Equity earnings of our affiliates decreased $5 million and last year's result included a $1 million charge on asset abandonment.  With the anticipated large corn crop, we see grain handling opportunities in agricultural services. Therefore, we continue to improve grain receiving, cleaning and drying capabilities, in addition to expanding temporary storage and anticipation of this large corp. We also see regional imbalances in the global grain markets, where opportunities may present themselves to add values.  Slide 12 is an operating profit analysis of our other segments. Operating profits increased by $10 million to $83 million, from $73 million last year. Margin improvements in food, feed and industrial of $5 million and financial of $19 million were partially offset by operating cost increases of $16 million.  The operating margin of the company's wheat milling and protein specialty businesses improved, but were partially offset by lower cocoa operating results. Financial margin improvements reflect improved captive insurance earnings.  Equity earnings of affiliates increased $8 million and last year's results included a $17 million gain on asset sales. Asset abandonment charges were $13 million in 2007 compared to $29 million in 2006, a reduction of $16 million.  In our wheat milling business, we see potential challenges in processing this year's weather-damaged wheat crop. In cocoa, current market conditions show an improving processing margin outlook.  Slide 13 analyzes our corporate costs; our corporate results were an income of $242 million compared to a charge of $55 million last year. Investment income increased $31 million due to higher interest rates and higher levels of invested funds. The impact of LIFO inventory evaluations was to decrease corporate results by $59 million as current years quarter included a LIFO charge of $60 million compared to a $1 million charge last year. Security gains increased to $363 million, principally reflecting the sales of our Tyson and OSG investments. During the fourth quarter we repurchased $400 million of outstanding high-coupon long-term debt to reposition our debt portfolio. Transaction is present value positive, which resulted in a $46 million charge this quarter.  Moving to the summary of financial conditions on slide 14, our working capital increased 24% to $7.8 billion, due primarily to effective higher commodity prices. That increase is in line with our dollar sales value increase of 28% in this quarter compared to last year. Working capital includes readily marketable inventories which had a carrying value of approximately $4.4 billion at June 30. The increase in working capital was financed principally with cash generated in operations.  As our capital project spend has increased, our property, plant and equipment has also increased by $717 million. The increase in investment and affiliates of $513 million results primarily from the RONA International Limited transaction discussed previously. The long-term marketable securities decline of $453 million reflects the sale of our Tyson and Overseas Ship Holding Investments. And long-term debt increased $687 million, reflecting the recent $1.1 billion convertible debt offering, net of the $400 million debt repurchase in the fourth quarter.  Cash flow highlights can be found on slide 15. As I mentioned previously, cash generated from operations was primarily used in support of working capital increases.  Our capital projects spending for the year increased to $1.2 billion. We acquired $15.4 million shares of company stock this past year for $533 million at an average cost of $34.68 per share, and repurchased $400 million of high coupon debt. We also paid dividends of $281 million. This spending was financed from cash flows generated from operations, sales of marketable securities and other assets of $860 million, and the proceeds from a $1.15 billion convertible debt offering.  Moving now to a review of our capital investment strategies on slide 16, I'll discuss two key elements of our capital investments strategy. One, increasing capacity in key markets, and secondly improving cost efficiencies in two of our large plants. We are increasing capacities in ethanol with the addition of two 275-million gallon plants and adding to our biodiesel capacity.  We are increasing capacity in cocoa with our Hazleton, Pennsylvania plant. We are also expanding oilseeds crushing in five North American plants and expanding our transportation and logistics network by adding barges, trucks, railcars and expanded grain handling capabilities.  And we are also building a new plant to produce biodegradable plastics. We are also taking cost efficiency steps by converting two of our corn plants from natural gas to coal cogeneration. Coal cogeneration plants typically run at a cost of $4.50 per million.  Coal prices, in addition to being less expensive, have traditionally been much less volatile than natural gas prices, which have ranged from $4 to $14 per million Btu over the past few years. We believe coal cogeneration will give ADM a material cost advantage in our two new ethanol plans under construction.  Now I'd like to move to slide 17. I'll discuss our much disciplined approach to project management. Our commitment is to construct these plans safely, on time and on budget. We are committed to continuing its improvement and safety for our workforce. Over the past four years, ADM has reduced our workforce total recordable injury rate by 46%.  We continually track spend versus budget and look for new opportunities to achieve efficiencies. For example, we have locked in over half of our materials and equipment cost. And we now use prefabrication shops to build our process units, as we simultaneously build the on-site structures.  We also use our long-term relationships with contractors to ensure we have the skilled workforce we need to do quality work. These contractors know our operating procedures and safety training requirements. And we know their project management teams, supervisors and skilled workers.  A critical strength to our project success is the combined expertise of ADM's design, construction and operating engineers. This combined expertise helps ensure the efficient and safe startup of our plans. To achieve excellence in project management, we have placed a team of engineering, accounting, safety and outside design professionals on site at each major project.  Moving to slide 18, this is an update of our major project status since our last quarterly update. Ill just mention the changes -- our Velva, North Dakota plan is in startup now. We put the propylene ethylene glycol project on hold for a while, while we evaluated the potential impact of new biodiesel technology, and after a thorough review we reinstated this project and the startup date is now scheduled for January '09 instead of October '08. And since our last conference call we received our construction permit for the Cedar Rapids ethanol plant and we anticipate completion of this project by August '09.  Well now move to slide 19, where I will discuss the ADM advantage in dry mill ethanol production. ADM has a unique and sustainable advantage, when it comes to dry mill ethanol production. Advantages, which come from integrating these facilities into our large Ag processing network and our existing corn processing system.  Let me detail some of our advantages. ADM's extensive corn origination network gives us access to the entire North American crop. Our new units will not only be the largest ethanol production units in the industry, but they will use the existing infrastructure of two established corn wet mills. We are building coal cogeneration boilers to power our operations with the most cost-effective fuel source.  Our ADM unit range gives us a cost advantage in bringing corn to our plants as well as shipping products out from our plants. Our extensive ethanol terminal network gives us a marketing advantage in meeting our customer needs. And our global feed business gives us the potential of shipping our Digs to the highest valued markets around the world.  We continually reevaluate the rational for all our projects. Our most recent review of these dry mill ethanol projects reconfirmed our advantage relative to many in the industry. When you add it all up, we have very sustainable advantages in the production and delivery of dry mill ethanol.  That completes my comments, and I'll now turn it back to Pat. 
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Doug. Operator, please announce that Mr. John Rice, Doug Schmalz and myself are all here to open up for questions. 
Operator: Great, thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Yes, good morning. 
Pat Woertz: Good morning, Diane. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of questions, actually clarification here on your comments Doug, on the volume reduction, would you say the volume reduction is more of an inventory build and anticipation of maybe a strengthening in the market here which were crude and wholesale gas is gone or whether just the fourth quarter or your fiscal fourth quarter last year was unusually high and therefore the comp or maybe it was a little bit of both, and could you just give us some clarity around that statement? 
Doug Schmalz: And since I have John here, I'll turn over to him, and let him 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Sure. 
John Rice: Good morning Diane. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. 
John Rice: Last year we had high inventories or higher inventories of ethanol just because we are entering new markets because of the ban of MTBE in many parts of the country. So we had built the higher inventories and are working with our customers so they have an adequate supply. And so the comparables this fourth quarter compared to last four quarters, thats really the reason for the down trend, we had higher inventories and we've reduced our inventories last year. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, I guess, the comment that you expected prices first quarter '08, prices to be down, was that sequentially or year-over-year or both? Just, if you could clarify that for me? 
John Rice: Sequentially. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Sequentially? 
John Rice: Yes. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: And then, I guess, I appreciate some of the detail you have given here on the capital project. Doug, I think you said, you spent $1.2 billion this year? 
Doug Schmalz: Right. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: In capital, could you give us some clarity about -- now that we're moving into fiscal '08, what we should expect, the CapEx this year? 
Doug Schmalz: I think it'll be up somewhat in the 1.2, I mean it will depend on how these project proceeds go down through and the spend rate. But I would anticipate that number to be up over the 1.2, I can't say exactly how much, but I would say may be up in the 1.4 range, 1.5 or 6, somewhere, it will all depend on how that comes through Diane. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: And then with that tail off, would that be the bulk of the capital plans that you have spoken about over the last, I don't know 12 to 18 month, where you talked about it, the $2.5 billion to $3 billion. Or is there more than in fiscal '09 above maintenance? 
Doug Schmalz: It all somewhat as listed on that schedule, I mean those are the major ones and those timelines are what we see right now. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess 
Pat Woertz: I might just comment, I think you could categorize that is the peak is in a rate. But you are right, there are some that will continue to start up in '09. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And if obviously excludes any other, anything you might do on palm oil or sugar-based ethanol, and all which you've talked about wanting to get into but Right, that's more of a long-range, so that would be incremental to what you have built? Is that correct? 
John Rice: These are the ones we've announced so far, correct. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Alright. And then I guess the oilseed crush commentary, if I am reading you correctly it sounds like Europe  biodiesel, you expect that to be a little bit more challenging in the near term? Could you talk a little bit about, you know, I know we've had build up an edible oil inventories, in light of biodiesel you are expanding capacities, more capacity coming on line just from the industry in general, can you talk about how we should expect that to develop over the course of this next fiscal year, some of the drivers in oilseeds? 
John Rice: In Europe, specifically, the rapeseed crop is little bit less because of the heavy rains. Harvest is just about done, we should be finishing up here shortly but the crop is less than expected, and we were seen more imports into Europe of biodiesel, a lot of soybean oil, but now during the winter months, just because of cold flow issues, people will have to burn more rapeseed well. So we should see more demand for rapeseed oil during the fourth quarter calendar year and first quarter of '08 fiscal calendar year also. So I think it's, you know, the business is not as good as it has been, but its still a fairly good business, I want to say. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: And is that primarily just a build-up of an inventory, the short crop, lack of --? 
John Rice: Kind of, it comes from the higher vegetable oil prices also. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
John Rice: We've seen the future's rallying, but we've seen the basis. Cash prices being heavily discounted and worked away into the biodiesel markets just to keep the inventory a little bit less than full capacity. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And you are expanding in five of your oilseed crush plants in North America, is that what you said in your capital review? 
John Rice: Yes. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: How much incremental capacity are you adding -- into three? 
Pat Woertz: Its kind of set in line with that. 
Doug Schmalz: Its in line with that  kind of in line with what the industry is doing. 
Pat Woertz: With the industry in total. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Alright. Thank you very much. 
John Rice: Welcome. 
Pat Woertz: Thanks Diane. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrew with Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everyone. 
Pat Woertz: Good morning. 
Doug Schmalz: Good morning, Vincent, how are you? 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: I am well, thank you. I am wondering if youve got some comment on the fact that we seem to repeatedly read in the press about an ethanol supply line and all the capacity is coming on line. I am wondering if you could just discuss what it is you are seeing in particular in terms of what the refiners are doing and adding blending infrastructure and to markets that have not traditionally blended gasoline, perhaps if you could just start there? 
John Rice: Well, this is John Rice. We are working with all of our customers, we are seeing a little bit more blending coming into Florida, and also in the southeast, but now we still have some issues on the vapor pressure down there. So we haven't seen everybody go to full blending in Florida. So that should expand the market, and also in California we are working with customers there, where they will increase their blend from 5.7% to 10%. So, it's just more of a timing issue. We still feel very good long-term that will blend up to the 14 billion gallon, but at times a capacity comes out little quicker than whatever they at such point. 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Sure. What I mean, even just from kind of microeconomic perspective, it would seem to me that where RBOB is versus where ethanol is, that I if were a blender, I would be looking to do as much crushing and blending as possible and I would be economically incentivized to add infrastructure, and this is forgetting about even the idea that there would be a step up in the RFS. Im sorry, from their perspective, are they -- other than Florida and California, are there other markets that they are looking at now in your view? 
John Rice: Yes, what you stated is absolutely correct. I mean they see the returns, so they are looking to blend as much as they can. 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: But there is time lag between. Obviously you'd like to do it today, but how long does it take to actually get into a new market? If you are a refiner, in other words if you want to open up in new market, what do you think that time lag is? 
Pat Woertz: It's actually, Andrew, its being a blender and of course they need the infrastructure build at their terminal so its tankage, its piping, its additional storage, so all that takes some time. 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay, but there is no real way to quantify that time? Does it vary? 
Pat Woertz: How else would they want to blend up to the 10% [U.S. turns] or I guess it just through the summer months, I think is the way to look at it. 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then in terms of the energy bill, any view on when the House is going to pick that up? 
Pat Woertz: Well, most of our indications of course is after they come back from the August recess, in September there will be good discussions. So we are pretty pleased with the way the Senate bill came through and looking towards the House to do some of the same. 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And have you or are you looking to swing any of your ethanol capacity to any of the other corn products which you make, given the theoretically lower ethanol prices that you are seeing sequentially? 
John Rice: When that time arrives, if it does arise, we will look at -- especially with Mexico, going to start importing more high-fructose corn syrup. We feel that first part of next year, yes, we will definitely look at that and we are also seeing a little uptick in our lysine pricing. 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay and then on the co-products issue in Europe, is there any visibility on improving on that situation? 
John Rice: Not really. I personally thought that we would have this issue resolved, and then June 25th they took a vote, and it failed, so the imports not allowed. So that kind of caught us by surprise. The next vote comes in the end of September, so we may see a little window of opportunity shift some corn gluten feed into that market. And with the European crop having some problems, maybe they'll be more likely to vote in favor at this time, but once again during the winter months there could be another issue. 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I think it's -- but still in the last call you were trying to open up new markets with co-products given the issue in your position. Is that what you were doing during this quarter and is there any kind of update on how that stands? 
John Rice: I mean it's going very well. We are converting a lot of customers from other feed products, even from corn. The same people now buy corn and buy corn gluten feeds. So in the long term this is very positive. 
Vincent Andrew - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it along. 
Pat Woertz: Thanks. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. 
Doug Schmalz: Good morning. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: You wouldnt mind talking about the change that happened in China with your partners? From what I understand you had owned I think 30% of Chinese crushing and then a transition to maybe 18% of Wilmar. And so what exactly do you own now that you didnt own before?  And how should we think about modeling Chinese oilseed processing in terms of impacts to you going forward? 
Doug Schmalz: Yes. Doug here. The model really doesnt change other than the percentage ownership changes. We had a number of joint ventures with our joint venture partners down there, which we now sort of consolidated down into this one entity, which now has the ability, the ownership interest in all of the Chinese, as well as the Kuok group assets and so forth.  And what we did is exchange our shares in the joint ventures that we had in China, not in our interest that we had in Wilmar and then we took a direct stake in Wilmar International and exchanged four of those. So, effectively, now we have about a little bit over 16% net ownership in Wilmar International. Around the same group of assets in there, except for the merger that they had that brought in the Kuok group assets. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: So, the current difficulty within China with crush margins, even the blue ear disease, how will that impact you going forward? 
John Rice: Well, I mean, we were, it have affect -- that's really been an affect almost for about 9 months to a year, I mean, we are still seeing pretty good meal demand over there right now and good all demand. So, I guess, I don't see that it has been a huge issue. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then also in Argentina they have, I guess, some issues with energy and some oil seed crushes are closing down facility, how is that impacting you? 
John Rice: Well, I don't think they are really closing down. Whenever you really look at the statistics, the numbers -- they haven't slowed down the crush as much as what the market was thinking. And it's really just raising the cost of using fuel oil instead of the natural gas. But because that's really what hurt us in Europe, as a little bit of the vegetable oil going into Europe from Argentina. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, and we always think about South America crush margins for you looking, I mean, Europe you mentioned there's going to be a challenge, South America should improve sequentially or it should be flat. And what's the outlook down there? 
John Rice: Well, it's going to depend on the crops, I mean, we just have our crush assets in Brazil. We still keep seeing the meal market grow in Brazil. We also have our new biodiesel plant in Rondonopolis starting up which also helps the oil demand. So, I think it should improve a little in Brazil. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then last question, in terms of LIFO, in the past you had said that it was about a third corn, or third soybean oil, or the third soybeans, I guess, roughly but charge was higher than we thought this quarter, was there more of an impact from soybean oil or soybeans as that allocation changed? 
Doug Schmalz: Yes, it's because of the high run up in oil prices. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: In soybean oil prices? 
Doug Schmalz: Oil prices really worldwide. That was the biggest, I think it was more in six years. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. 
Pat Woertz: Cristina, I might just add a comment on Wilmar, your original questions, it might be worse kind of reading the Wilmar annual report, looking at the Wilmar investor presentations now, since our ownership is in a publicly health company, you can get more data there, on their website and they described sales of $10 billion and earnings of $600 million et cetera. So, when you think about our equity ownership there coming through on an equity basis it might be good to kind of reflect on their public information. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And Pat, you are still going to report that in oilseed a processing in the segment? 
Pat Woertz: Correct. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Gurkin with Davenport. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Good morning. 
John Rice: Good morning. 
Doug Schmalz: Good morning, Ann. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: I wanted to ask you about the build out in the ethanol market, where are we in terms of the end users, do you think their build out will keep up with the ethanol production right now in the US? 
John Rice: As to what we are seeing in the market just and -- what we are seeing actually in the index going from about 1000 to 1500 to 10 over, I would say yes, it is keeping up. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Okay. And so you think by year-end we'll have more of a balanced situation with ethanol supply versus the end-market use? 
John Rice: That's just tough to say, a lot depends on win, do we really nice to have two big markets come on, which would be really the South East or the California will have the base impact. 
Pat Woertz: We're about 6.5 billion gallons today and we look at about 7 billion by the end of the year so it's a, kind of the market opening is the big question. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Okay. And are you switching gram capacity in your wet mills back to Asia, CS right now? 
John Rice: No, we are not. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Do you anticipate doing that in the next six months? 
John Rice: I think a lot of that will depend on how the high fructose pricing goes and with the addition of the new market in Mexico. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: And do you expect to negotiate HFCS contract sooner this year than contracts were historically negotiated? 
John Rice: I would anticipate contract due to be finished kind of like what we saw last year. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: That was earlier than normal. 
John Rice: Yes. 
Ann Gurkin - Davenport: Okay. That's great. Thank you. 
John Rice: Welcome. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Could you -- youve made some comments about wheat milling probably having some challenges for the next 12 months, having to do with the crop. Can you give us an idea of just to the extent to which you expect that to be a challenging market, and also to the extent that the input pricing is obviously going to be a lot higher, do you expect your margins to be a lot tighter as a result? 
John Rice: Well, most of our wheat milling business is done on the basis of price of -- our flour business is done on the basis of price of wheat. So, we really think we are exceptionally strong in this area now just because of our transportation assets. We can work with our customers to be on the move -- wheat from one area to the other area, and be on work on different blends. So I think I would consider this more of a positive for our milling business. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: So, does that mean profit should be higher in the next 12 months? 
John Rice: I can't say that, for sure. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Should I pardon, Doug's comments? The outlook was negative and now you are saying it's more positive? 
Doug Schmalz: I said what it was, it's going to be challenging and I think John's right, I mean we are going have to move that wheat crop around and thats going to be a challenge to be able to get that done, and do it efficiently and effectively. 
Pat Woertz: Yes, so we market the challenge and I think Johns point is we have a business that can accommodate and the logistics can accommodate kind of challenging markets, could be an advantage. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. And regarding Europe, we hear in the headlines about the challenges of operating in Germany with the tax implications changing there, how has that impacted demand for biodiesel in Germany? 
John Rice: Well, thats really impacted demand as much as we are just seeing an increased supply coming in from other parts of the world. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Right. But are they taxing blenders more aggressively in Germany? 
John Rice: The tax-rate came down $0.09 -- throughout $0.09. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Tax rate was up $0.09, and so does that mean its more economic for them to import or does that -- are the two things not related? 
John Rice: Im sorry, I didnt understand the question. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I guess if they are taxing the blenders more aggressively in Germany, does it make any difference to them whether they are importing the oil from Argentina or whether they are getting palm oil from Malaysia, or whether they are getting rapeseed domestically? 
John Rice: No, it really comes down due to the cold flow issues and rapeseed is a lot better with the specifications in Europe to blend during the winter time. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much. 
Pat Woertz: And finally coal is just more expensive with the new tax. 
John Rice: Right. 
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Rob. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Good morning, Im calling on behalf of Christine McCracken. I just wanted to touch base a little bit more on the sweetener side of the business, in terms of outlook for 2008, it looks like -- weve talked of high capacity here in the United States and Mexico coming on board, but the corn costs have obviously come down. How do you sort of see the negotiations playing out? 
John Rice: Weve, like I mentioned before, we see Mexico coming on, so we think it should increase the overall demand and tighten of corn. So it's too early to say we haven't come out with our prices yet, we will probably look to doing that maybe in August or September. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Okay. And in terms of some of the co-products, you touched on sort of the situation with gluten feed opening up other markets, but also the other co-products, corn oil and gluten meal have remained pretty strong. How do you see those markets trending over the remainder of the year? 
John Rice: I think you are exactly right. I see in corn gluten meal we are seeing very good demand and good pricing on that and also just because of the high oil prices, corn oil is also staying very high. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Okay. And in terms of, I guess you're moving on to the oilseed business, I mean you had mentioned that the meal demand in China hasn't really swept that much because of the blue ear disease. Are they extending on the poultry side or is that more of a function of their just rebuilding the herds or how is sort of meal demand kept up, given the number of losses I've heard that are out there? 
John Rice: Weve seen a little bit of a dip, its just not a huge percentage. I mean, if you look at the bean imports coming into China, we've seen a very little bit of a dip, but it just hasn't been -- it hasnt had a huge effect. Weve seen a lot of added capacity added in China also the last year. 
Pat Woertz: Your ears are looking a little less glued. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: I guess a couple of your competitors, North American competitors have recently announced expansion into China. Where are we now today in terms of utilization rights? And I recognize there are a number of older inefficient plans that are out there in China, but kind of where do you see that going over the course of the next couple of years? 
John Rice: Right now we think its right around 65%, and I mean those annual growth rates over there are about 8% to 10% a year or so. I mean this should keep utilization, we dont see a lot more plans being built. So I think the capacity utilization will keep increasing. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Pat Woertz: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Ed Roesch with Banc of America Securities. 
Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities: Hi, good morning. 
John Rice: Good morning. 
Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities: There is a chance that you may have covered this, and I might have missed it. I was in another call. But just wanted an update out of Europe, because I think in Q1 when there is switch to the tax in on biodiesel, there is an issue where the mandates should not really caught up when you are in overcapacity. Could you comment on kind of where those mandates are relative to industry capacity now? 
John Rice: We have seen a lot of additional capacity in the biodiesel come on line. From two years ago, we had very high margins in biodiesel and rapeseed crush margins. But with the smaller crops and with additional capacity, we are seeing the effects in this. 
Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And the mandates havent ratcheted it up enough to kind of offset some of these things? 
Pat Woertz: On soy bean. 
Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities: Yes. 
John Rice: Thats correct. 
Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Any outlook on when that could occur? 
John Rice: I guess I dont have good handle on that one right now. 
Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thanks. And then I think you've covered a lot of these questions, one last one. You recently announced, a think a fairly small acquisition of grain elevators around the Illinois area, is that right? 
Pat Woertz: Right, Ed. 
Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities: And could you just kind of comment on what that does strategically for ADM? 
Pat Woertz: Basically, there is a large corn crop as we said this year, I think positioning ourselves to take advantage of the additional storage, additional transportation and marketing network etcetera. This just fits strategically with our global footprint, but particularly here in the U.S., about 10 million bushels. 
John Rice: About 10 million bushels is what it is. 
Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thats the increased capacity along with your existing business lines? 
John Rice: It is the whole origination network. 
Ed Roesch - Banc of America Securities: Okay, very good. Alright thanks for your help. 
Pat Woertz: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup Investment Research. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Hi, good morning everyone. 
Pat Woertz: Good morning, David. 
John Rice: Good morning, David 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Just two questions for you here. I think most of in your financial, back to oilseeds, net when you are taking into account path the decline in profitability in European biodiesel. Is that the factor that's going to be prevalent in the outlook for the next year or do you see improving crush margins in North America particularly being more than enough to offset those declines? 
Pat Woertz: Well, we don't give guidance but I think you've got it right on, as far as where the improvements are in North America and obviously if we are adding to our capacity here we feel strongly about North America. Europe will continue to be a challenge for oilseed helping come up and of course our improved China investments position us with heavier weighting in palms. So you'd even argue that the Asia peak there -- while which servicing holdings there is of a nature of a little different variety and I think will be strong. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: And then my second question. Doug you might want to answer this question, the financial segment has had profit that have grown, I think, this year profits came in reported profits just add $200 million back in '04. These profits relate to $33 million, can you really talk us through here a little bit about what's driving this segment overall, though there is a lot in that segment and quite frankly, a lot hear how you go about trying to forecast what's happening in that segment and any color you could provide on the sustainability of a very helpful giving the type of profit it has been producing? 
Doug Schmalz: Well, and included in that is our ADMIS or to trade operation up in Chicago and that has -- and very markets that moving a lot and so forth, they have done better going forward. We see that business remaining relatively the same. We have had funds jump around lots, so funds really drove a big increase this year, about $50 million of the increase this year for the four years in fund. So the rest of that is pretty consistent, it doesn't change a lot in the insurance area and so forth you may have some ups and downs because it is a captive insurance. So, we have losses, we're on the way, we can take charges as they occur. So, we have reserves on the bulks that we feel we are adequate but we have to refinance those reserves. In important time we got, we use them. But, the main two things that moves or I think the funds and then ADMIS is been a relatively good performer. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment Research: Great. Thanks a lot everybody. 
Doug Schmalz: Welcome. 
Pat Woertz: Thanks David. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning everyone. 
John Rice: Good morning. 
Pat Woertz: Hi, Ken. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I'd just like to ask more of a holistic question. I know last quarter you talked a lot about challenging environment, this quarter there doesn't seem to be as much talk about the challenging side of the environment. Would you consider on a holistic point of view that things are getting better, worse or indifferent relative to the last quarter? 
Pat Woertz: I'll tell you, I think this whole year has been a big challenge and I think if anything we can just truly manage through the volatility and its relative to all markets, not only the commodity markets, it's a kind of challenging time. So, maybe your guess is as good as mine going forward, but I think the strength that we have to manage through that, I am still as much if not more confident than ever. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then in terms of the Ag services business, there is definitely a pretty significant rebound order, historical level. Is that something in '08, '09 and beyond, it's something that if they are working days to grow up or is it going to be more cyclical around the historical average? 
Pat Woertz: I guess I shouldnt be a smart Alec, and can say the ice has melted on the river, should I? I think with this large crop coming forward, there are even opportunities for us to take advantage of our strong network here and of course thats -- we said we made a small acquisition as well. So we continue to build out storage and the opportunity to handle. So I think Ag service is a key part of our business going forward, it will have its ups and downs too, but I think its key. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And just on barge rates and volumes, any improvement in that on the outlook or is it still barge rate looking like they are going to be similar to press? 
Pat Woertz: Barge rates are somewhat off, right? 
Doug Schmalz: Yes. And with the large crop you should see movements. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. 
John Rice: Thats to make our transportation assets work there much more and just because the timing of the harvest, so when it comes we are in great shape to be able to move the crops around. 
Pat Woertz: Yes, more corn and more bushels. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So again, the outlook for Ag services should be growing after this base, not volatility around this base, is I guess as what Im trying to figure out? 
Pat Woertz: When you handle a crop this big, it should have some upside potential. 
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much. 
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Ken. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic, with J.P. Morgan. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Good morning, everyone. 
Pat Woertz: Good morning. 
John Rice: Good morning. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Couple of questions on the financials and then strategic, and for me to get to your $0.65 pro forma EPS, I have to -- where we are at 23% tax-rate, I think additionally when you total before the tax rate, it should be much higher than that? Can you just explain why the tax rate was so low this quarter? 
Doug Schmalz: Only 3%. 
Pat Woertz: Yeah, I am afraid so. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Yeah, because what you did, your reported tax rate is 31.5%, but when you gave us the charges that you gave pre-tax and after tax? 
Pat Woertz: Their net of rate of effective -- it comes from where it is, I mean, there are some of those items that have no tax 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Excuse me -- I dont want to waste your time, but the question is the core tax rate is 23% and thats -- I just want to understand why the tax rate relying on your ongoing business was so low? 
Doug Schmalz: I guess, I am not following what you are saying because 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Well, let me explain. In your report when your charges -- the way that you disclose your charges, the after-tax charges and before-tax charges, if I take those numbers then I am getting $537 million, if you take those numbers, the pre-tax number you are using taxes of 36% there? 
Pat Woertz: Right. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: And the reported numbers in the statement, you are using 31.5, as a result to get to your $0.65 I have to use 23%. I want to understand, I mean, Ive more -- hopefully most of these questions to ask you but I want to understand why was the tax rate so low on your pro-forma numbers? 
Doug Schmalz: The specific items that occurred in this pro-forma items column there, basically most of them are at U.S. rate and 
John Rice: U.S. rate is 38%. 
Doug Schmalz: Look at the operations, the operations rate is declined because we do have tax advantages in our export sales companies and so forth that reflect directly to our operations, really dont reflect to the one-off type issues when we sell shares in a security it's going to be taxed at the U.S. rate of 35%. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Okay. So, in the 
Doug Schmalz: So we specially do that. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Yes. But I dont think your effective tax figures would benefit? 
Doug Schmalz: Always follow-up offline on that. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Its just kind of misleading, I mean, we dont really expect that anything is misleading to put a pro forma EPS number of $0.65, using a tax rate of 23%, okay? 
Doug Schmalz: Off line. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: All right. Can I ask another question, if I may? In terms of this discussion about sugar ethanol, how should we think about Archer-Daniels trying to get into a resilient sugar ethanol? Is that a hedge in the sense that someday the U.S. market perhaps will open to Brazilian ethanol? How should we think about that? 
Pat Woertz: Well, I think you should think about it as an opportunity for profitable growth for us, regardless of what happens in the U.S. market, although you could also think of it as a compliment to our U.S. ethanol business. If we want to be the global leader in bioenergy, I think the largest -- one of the largest ethanol markets in the world and obviously largest crops to produce ethanol is in Brazil. So I think you can think of it as a profitable growth opportunity on its own, as well as the great compliment to our U.S. and growing global business. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Thats helpful. And then just to -- what do you think of the government potentially with new targets that are being proposed 35 billion gallons, 36 billion gallons. What do you think is the reasonable number to expect that corn could meet that total number eventually? 
Pat Woertz: Well, generally speaking, we talk about 14 billion to 15 billion gallons. And thats based on the view not only of ourselves but national corn growers and others who look at the market with corn and the technology today. To advance beyond that, we will need and assume that that will happen over time, greater yield per acre and then moving to sort of second generation technology or other technologies to produce biofuels. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And just one last one if I may, I want to follow up on that question that came out over the elasticity. The elasticity -- when you have this issue in ethanol that the gap between the ethanol and the RBOB is so low, do you expect the refiners to accelerate?  And obviously there are some structural issues that you talked about. What do you think its a -- I dont know if you can talk about the natural growth rate or what the cap is in that growth rate? If incentives are so good, why werent the blenders be save now 10%, I mean, how does that work? I mean what is the -- how should we think in terms of the those impediments and how do we cap the potential growth rates? 
Pat Woertz: Though last quarter was $0.10 under, this quarter it is $0.10 out or $0.10 over. I think you can think of it as maybe you described, there was an earlier question which was that blenders will do what's economic, but they will also do what their system can accommodate and that's a system from sort of the beginning to the end, from the refinery gate all the way to these various large marketing distribution systems.  So sometimes that includes pipeline changes, that includes terminal changes, that includes truck and barge and rail and long-term, contracts and spot contracts and who they are importing from and what they can get locally. So it's a great optimization model and yes, they should take more as the economic prices drive them to and they probably do take as much as they can, but again the structural implications are an obvious physical issue. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: That was very helpful. Pat if I may, just one last one, and I'll pass it on. The volume data it's probably, I think from the year-to-date, I think what we have is only through April. I think the number is about 40%, 41% year-to-date. Obviously, we don't have May and June yet, so I cannot compare with your quarter, but let's assume that the industry was still at above 40% in the June quarter and your volumes are down.  I understand this issue of volume will include the adjustment, but why would be there such difference between ADM trends, the industry leader and the rest of the industry? Or is it just that ADM is losing share or there are some contracts that are being done at a rate that is not attractive to you. How should we think about that? 
John Rice: Our trends are -- you are comparing last years fourth quarter with this year's fourth quarter, and last year fourth quarter we had built large inventories because our customers were blending out of MTBE. And so last year fourth quarter we shipped a lot of ethanol out of our inventories. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: But wouldn't that be something that applies to the rest of the industry also? And your competitor AVR was assigned -- you would think that they went through the same thing, right? 
John Rice: Last year the industry wasn't as large as it is now either. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Right, thank you. 
John Rice: You are welcome. 
Pat Woertz: Thank you, Pablo. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Thanks for taking the follow-up. John, last quarter you said that year-end ethanol production was 8.6 billion gallons. Did I misunderstand it, now you guys just said that it's going to be 7 billion gallons? 
John Rice: It's always -- the market is constantly moving, and we are just taking our best guess. So I think construction is -- 
Pat Woertz: It's in our page number eight. 
John Rice: Yeah, that's in our page number eight. And construction slowed down a little bit at certain places, so its early to move the target. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: So from $8.6 billion to $7 billion that would be your new union target, 7 billion? That's a pretty sizeable drop? 
John Rice: Yes. 
Pat Woertz: Not ours, Christina just to be clear. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. 
Pat Woertz: That's all we comment -- the RFA takes all of the industry data and kind of takes it blind and indicates that on the website. So, I guess it's an adjustment if you will from the industry. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. 
Pat Woertz: Welcome. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your next question is a follow-up from the line of Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thank you for taking the follow-up. Just one question on the equity investments or the fund investments, my understanding of those, as those stretch back to the 1990s and that benefits were seeing from those now from long-term investments.  Is there a point where those funds sort of repay what they plan to repay and then the benefit from that goes away and how should we think about the impact of the funds on your earnings over the next two to three years? 
Doug Schmalz: That's eventually if they terminate the effect, those funds do go away and they distribute out and that's -- I think there might be some that are still here that will go another two or three years, but at the end of that point in time, we basically will be out of them.  Our carrying values are quite low right now in relation to where they were at one point in time. So we still could see some uptick in those as they roll-out investments and so forth, or we could see some down too if the markets run bad. Okay? 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: But over the course of the next two to three years, you really expect them to be fully distributed? 
Doug Schmalz: They should be, that's correct. 
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay, perfect, thank you. 
Pat Woertz: Operator is there? 
Operator: I apologize. (Operator Instructions) No ma'am, there are no further questions in the queue. 
Pat Woertz: Okay, thank you so much. Well, thank you everyone for being on the call and let me also apologize for scheduling this call on top of another call I know that you need to listen to as well. We will review that next time and make sure that that's clear. So, thanks, I appreciate the questions and the attention.  This year we did define our strategic destination -- our record performance I think reaffirms our strength and the opportunities in that position. I think we can truly manage through volatility and we enter fiscal 2008 with confidence and momentum. So, thank you all for joining us this morning. Good day. 
Operator: Thanks for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. And have a great day.
